Shannon Entropy is defined as To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. Shannon entropy: Shannon entropy 27 allows to estimate the average minimum number of bits needed to encode a string of symbols in binary form if log base is 2 based on the alphabet size and the frequency of symbols. FE- NN2 is based on the fast implementation scheme and the approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. We then calculate the Shannon Entropy Shannon et al.  the autocorrelation of the signal. Applying the Shannon Entropy equation directly will be misleading. Hence  , the optimum wavelet tree represents the maximum entropy contained in the image and thereby its information content. Shannon Entropy is shown on the left  , min-Entropy in the middle and Rényi Entropy on the right. In information theory  , entropy measures the disorder or uncertainty associated with a discrete  , random variable  , i.e. More specifically  , we compute two entropy-based features for the EDA and EMG-CS data: Shannon entropy and permutation entropy. We consider a set of objects described by boolean variables . In this section  , we analyze the characteristics of categories on Pinterest and Twitter. Entropy is being popularly applied as a measurement in many fields of science including biology  , mechanics  , economics  , etc. Higher entropy means a more uniform distribution across beer types  , i.e. The Theil uncertainty coefficient measures the entropy decrease rate of the consequent due to the antecedent . There are numerous metrics that are applicable such as informationbased metrics that result in the optimization of Shannon entropy  , mutual information  , etc. This indicates the proposed fast implementation scheme works well  , both in equivalent combination scheme and the use of approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. Shannon entropy in the past has been successfully used as a regularizing principle in optical image reconstruction problems. So he has there by advanced information theory remarkably . We choose the Shannon entropy as the opthising functional. In above  , K fuzzy evidence structures are used for illustration . Information theory deals with assessing and defining the amount of information in a message 32 . However  , the LZ method shows a more intense correlation since our model has considered the conditional situations. The results are shown in Table 3   , which indicate that an individual's NST@Self shows an obvious positive correlation with both shannon entropy and LZ  , i.e. Shannon proposed to measure the amount of uncertainty or entropy in a distribution. Shannon entropy. To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. Our task is to predict user engagement solely on the basis of inexpensive  , easy-to-acquire user interaction signals. Hypothesis 1 -Tweeters with higher diversity have higher brokerage opportunities. Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: Topical Diversity. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: Let Y denote posterior changed probabilities after certain information is known: Y = y1  , y2  , . In general  , the optimization problem 17 can be locally solved using numerical gradient-descent methods. In this section  , we present the least information theory LIT to quantify meaning semantics in probability distribution changes. Moreover  , the MI can be represented via Shannon entropy  , which is a quantity of measuring uncertainty of random variables  , given as follows It is straightforward that the MI between two variables is 0 iff the two variables are statistically independent. By varying the resistor R we can vary the weight given to the regularizing entropy term relative to the minimization of the square of the error. Another approach is to apply the Kolmogorov complexity that measures the signal complexity by its minimum description length  , that in the limit tends to the Shannon Entropy measure. Similarly  , the weighted permutation entropy scores did not exhibit a significant difference over the latency conditions  , for permutations of order With respect to the EDA data  , the obtained Shannon entropy scores did not change significantly across the latency conditions χ 2 3 = 3.40  , p > .05. For example  , using gray level histogram  , a checker-board b/w pattern of 2x2 squares will have the same entropy as one with 4x4 squares covering an equal area although the latter contains more information. Various other theorists introduced the concept of Entropy to general systems. Thus  , the Shannon Entropy forms a type of lower bound on the dimensionality of the index space. We made use of Spearman's rho 8  , which measures the monotonic consistency between two variables   , to test whether NST@Self stays in line with modelfree methods. The rationale for this choice  , as well as the underlying mathematics  , is described in detail later in this article. This basic unit of objective information  , the bit  , was more formally related to thermodynamics by Szilard. Finally  , to address the varying number of checkins per user  , we compute the Shannon Entropy of the per user checkin frequency. Yet  , we turn to a decomposition-like scheme  , where a product result of fuzzy evidence structures is treated as a fuzzy like focal with mass 1  , and it is further decomposed into a crisp evidence structure in the same manner as 3. Moreover   , pignistic Shannon entropy is computed based on the derived crisp evidence structure. Shannon adopted the same log measure when he established the average information-transmitting capacity of a discrete channel  , which he called the entropy  , by analogy with formulae in thermodynamics. Finally  , there might be months that are more olfactory pleasant than others. Specifically  , Let X be a |W | × C matrix such that x w ,c is the number of times term w appears in messages generated by node c. Towards understanding how unevenly each term is distributed among nodes  , let G be a vector of |W | weights where g w is equal to 1 plus term w's Shannon information entropy 1. We measure the compressibility of the data using zero order Shannon entropy H on the deltas d which assumes deltas are independent and generated with the same probability distribution  , where pi is the probability of delta i in the data: It also reduces the delta sizes as compared to URL ordering  , with approximately 71.9% of the deltas having the value one for this ordering. Query session := <query  , context> clicked document* Each session contains one query  , its corresponding context and a set of documents which the user clicked on or labeled which we will call clicked documents. Mutual information is a measure of the statistical dependency between two random variables based on Shannon' s entropy and it is defined as the following: Thus probabilistic correlations among query terms  , contextual elements and document terms can be established based on the query logs  , as illustrated in Figure 1. In the field of information science  , Shannon has defined information as the degree of entropy. In t h e 1940's  , Shannon resolved the problem of measuring information by defining Entropy as a measure of the uncertainty of transmission of information: where as is the space of information signals transmitted 12  , 51. On both datasets  , the feature weight shows that powerful users tend to express a more varied range of emotions. Using these interpretations  , it would be possible to relate this information measure to the conventional Shannon-Hartley entropy measure. We calculate these metrics for both the fitted model and the actual data  , and compare the results. Indeed  , training a classifier on the Shannon entropy of a user's distribution of NRC categories achieved good performance on FOLLOWERS and KLOUT  , with accuracies of 65.36% and 62.38% respectively both significant at p < 0.0001. In the information theory  , the concept of entropy developed by Shannon measures the extent to which a system is organized or disorganized. In this section  , we compare DIR to the informationtheoretic measures traditionally used to evaluate rule interestingness see table 1for formulas:  the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , which measures the deviation from equilibrium;  the mutual information 12  , the Theil uncertainty 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12  , which measure the deviation from independence. The outputs of our computational methodology are two  , inter-related  , user typologies: 1 a course-grained view of the user population segmented into use diffusion adopter categories and 2 a fine-grained view of the same population segmented along the same two dimensions but using more detailed measures for variety and frequency. Furthermore  , since NST@Self actually measures an individual's aspiration for variety  , we compared two model-free methods widely adopted in information theory: shannon 37  , which calculates the conditional entropy. The information-theoretic measures commonly used to evaluate rule interestingness are the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , the average mutual information 12 often simply called mutual information  , the Theil uncertainty coefficient 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12 cf. Several well studied codes like the Huffman and Shannon- Fano codes achieve 1 + HD bits/tuple asymptotically  , using a dictionary that maps values in D to codewords. There are two possibilities to model them in BMEcat  , though. The current release is BMEcat 2005 12  , a largely downwards-compatible update of BMEcat 1.2. In the following  , we outline correspondences between elements of BMEcat and GoodRelations and propose a mapping between the BMEcat XML format and the GoodRelations vocabulary. BMEcat is a powerful XML standard for the exchange of electronic product catalogs between suppliers and purchasing companies in B2B settings. This is attractive  , because most PIM software applications can export content to BMEcat. Either the BMEcat supplier defines two separate features  , or the range values are encoded in the FVALUE element of the feature. Table 4outlines the mapping of catalog groups in BMEcat to RDF. For example most of the mentioned factors are implemented in the BMEcat standard 10. Given their inherent overlap  , a mapping between the models is reasonable with some exceptions that require special attention. Speaking of the allow-or-charge area  , the quantity scale defined in BMEcat is divided into the actual quantity scale and the functional discount that has to be applied  , too. Then we compare the product models obtained from one of the BMEcat catalogs with products collected from Web shops through a focused Web crawl. We chose to check for the number of shops offering products using a sample size of 90 random product EANs from BSH BMEcat. The most notable improvements over previous versions are the support of external catalogs and multiple languages  , and the consistent renaming of the ambiguous term ARTICLE to PRODUCT. We describe a conceptual mapping and the implementation of a respective software tool for automatically converting BMEcat documents into RDF data based on the GoodRelations vocabulary 9. We tested the two BMEcat conversions using standard validators for the Semantic Web  , presented in Section 3.1. The task consists of transforming the price-relevant information of a BMEcat catalog to xCBL. Table 2shows the BMEcat-2005-compliant mapping for product-specific details. Table 2adds an additional level of detail to the PRODUCT → PRODUCT DETAILS structure introduced in Fig. Furthermore  , multilanguage descriptions in BMEcat are handled properly  , namely by assigning corresponding language tags to RDF literals.   , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. The data element ARTICLE_PRICE_DETAILS can be used multiple with disjunctive intervals. BMEcat and OAGIS to the minimum models of cXML and RosettaNet is not possible. A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. With our approach  , a single tool can nicely bring the wealth of data from established B2B environments to the Web of Data. BMEcat allows to specify products using vendor-specific catalog groups and features  , or to refer to classification systems with externally defined categories and features. The mapping of product classes and features is shown in Table 3. The hierarchy is determined by the group identifier of the catalog structure that refers to the identifier of its parent group. In order to link catalog groups and products  , BMEcat maps group identifiers with product identifiers using PROD- UCT TO CATALOGGROUP MAP. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. In reality  , though  , it is common that suppliers of BMEcat catalogs export the unit of measurement codes as they are found in their PIM systems. This allowed us to validate the BMEcat converter comprehensively. Making more difficult is that today mainly low-level languages like XSLT and interactive tools e.g. An illustrative example of a catalog and its respective conversion is available online 7 . Accordingly  , products in GoodRelations are assigned corresponding classes from the catalog group system  , i.e. The dataset has a slight bias towards long-tail shops. Although the conversions completed without errors  , still a few issues could be detected in each dataset that we will cover subsequently. The converter has built-in check steps that detect common irregularities in the BMEcat data  , such as wrong unit codes or invalid feature values. requiring a minimum of 90 samples given the population of 1376 products in the BMEcat. First it is to be stated that from the view of price modeling BMEcat catalogs have a three-stage document structure: 1 The document header HEADER can be used for setting defaults for currency and territory  , naming the buyer and giving references to relevant In the example header we set the default currency  , name the buyer and refer to an underlying agreement with a temporal validity: If we look at the transformations  , we see different transformation types. The price factor of 0.95 of BMEcat is transferred to a discount by the formula PercentageFactor=PRICE_FACTOR -1. Additionally   , we identified examples that illustrate the problem scenario described relying on structured data collected from 2500+ online shops together with their product offerings. On the other side  , BMEcat does not explicitly discriminate types of features  , so features FEA- TURE  typically consist of FNAME  , FVALUE and  , optionally  , an FUNIT element. In addition to the manufacturer BMEcat files  , we took a real dataset obtained from a focused crawl whereby we collected product data from 2629 shops. For example  , in BMEcat the prices of a product are valid for different territories and intervals  , in different types and currencies  , but all prices relate to the same customer no multi-buyer catalogs. target formats can be executed loss-free; however  , this cannot be said in general for the transformation of a source to a target format. The first option defines a feature for the lower range value and a feature for the upper range value  , respectively. BMEcat2GoodRelations is a portable command line Python application to facilitate the conversion of BMEcat XML files into their corresponding RDF representation anchored in the GoodRelations ontology for e-commerce. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. This ready-to-use solution comes as a portable command line tool that converts product master data from BMEcat XML files into their corresponding OWL representation using GoodRelations. To date  , product master data is typically passed along the value chain using Business to Business B2B channels based on Electronic Data Interchange EDI standards such as BMEcat catalog from the German Federal Association for Materials Management  , Purchasing and Logistics 3  12. Finally  , we show the potential leverage of product master data from manufacturers with regard to products offered on the Web. In the case of Weidmüller  , the conversion result is available online 11 . The number of product models in the BSH was 1376 with an average count of 29 properties  ,  while the Weidmüller BMEcat consisted of 32585 product models with 47 properties on average created by our converter. By contrast  , the nearly 2.7 million product instances from the crawl only contain eleven properties on average. To compare the price models of the selected standard  , we show the six determining factors in table 3. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. to represent a navigation structure in a Web shop. In this paper  , we propose to use the BMEcat XML standard as the starting point to make highly structured product feature data available on the Web of Data. Furthermore  , the mapping at product level allows to specify the manufacturer part number  , product name and description  , and condition of the product. Depending on the language attribute supplied along with the DESCRIPTION SHORT and DESCRIPTION LONG elements in BMEcat 2005  , multiple translations of product name and description can be lang={en  , de  , . Instead of adhering to the standard 3-letter code  , they often provide different representations of unit symbols  , e.g. To remain in the scope of the use cases discussed  , the examples are chosen from the BSH BMEcat products catalog  , within the German e-commerce marketplace. Using the sample of EANs  , we then looked up the number of vendors that offer the products by entering the EAN in the search boxes on Amazon.de  , Google Shopping Germany  , and the German comparison shopping site preissuchmaschine.de 16 . For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers  , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels  , product classes  , properties  , value instances  , and top-level classes for each product ontology. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. Whether the European Article Number EAN or the Global Trade Item Number GTIN is mapped depends on the type-attribute supplied with the BMEcat element. The presence of the FUNIT element helps to distinguish quantitative properties from datatype and qualitative properties  , because quantitative values are determined by numeric values and units of measurements  , e.g. All interested merchants have then the possibility of electronically publishing and consuming this authoritative manufacturer data to enhance their product offerings relying on widely adopted product strong identifiers such as EAN  , GTIN  , or MPN. Due to the limited length of this paper   , we refer readers to the project landing page hosting the open source code repository 8   , where they can find a detailed overview of all the features of the converter  , including a comprehensive user's guide. Our proposal can manifest at Web scale and is suitable for every PIM system or catalog management software that can create BMEcat XML product data  , which holds for about 82% of all of such software systems that we are aware of  , as surveyed in 17. The rise of B2B e-commerce revealed a series of new information management challenges in the area of product data integration 5 ,13. Another data quality problem reported is the usage of non-uniform codes for units of measurement  , instead of adhering to the recommended 3-letter UN/CEFACT common codes e.g. " Furthermore  , it can minimize the proliferation of repeated  , incomplete  , or outdated definitions of the same product master data across various online retailers; by means of simplifying the consumption of authoritative product master data from manufacturers by any size of online retailer. To test our proposal  , we converted a representative real-world BMEcat catalog of two well-known manufacturers and analyzed whether the results validate as correct RDF/XML datasets grounded in the GoodRelations ontology. The latter can take advantage of both product categorization standards and catalog group structures in order to organize types of products and services and to contribute additional granularity in terms of semantic de- scriptions 19. In that sense  , BMEcat2GoodRelations is to the best of our knowledge the only solution developed with open standards  , readily available to both manufacturers and retailers to convert product master data from BMEcat into structured RDF data suitable for publication and consumption on the Web of Data. SOM 14Self Organizing Map or SOFM Self Organizing Feature Map shares the same philosophy to produce low dimension from high dimension. b Self-Organizing Map computed for trajectory-oriented data 20. The training of each single self-orgzmizing map follows the basic seiforganizing map learning rule. An interesting property of hierarchical feature maps is the tremendous speed-up as compared to the self-organizing map. Searching in time series data can effectively be supported by visual interactive query specification and result visualization. Another example of visualization techniques of this category is self-organizing map SOM. Abnormal aging and fault will result in deviations with respect to normal conditions. Moreover  , the self-organidng map was used in 29 for text claeaiflcation. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. By determining the size of the map the user can decide which level of abstraction she desires. Locating a piece of music on the map then leaves you with similar music next to it  , allowing intuitive exploration of a music archive. Usually  , the Euclidean distance between the weight vector and the input pattern is used to calculate a unit's activation. Finally  , as a result of these first two steps  , the " cleaned " database can be used as input to a Self-Organizing Map with a " proper " distance for trajectories visualization. Vectors with three components are completed with zero values. As a result of this transformation we now have equi-distant data samples in each frequency band. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. For each output unit in one layer of the hierarchy a two-dimensional self-organizing map is added to the next layer. Similar to the works described in this paper  , a Self-Organizing Map is used to cluster the resulting feature vectors. These feature vectors are further used for training a Self-Organizing Map. The difference is the risk to loose the exact plot locations over the original projection. After all documents are indexed  , the data are aggregated and sent to the Self-Organizing Map for categorization. Input vectors composed of range-to-obstacle indicators' readouts and direction-to-goal indicator readouts are partitioned into one of predefined perceptual situation classes. The Self-Organizing Map generated a The Arizona Noun Phraser allowed subjects to narrow and refine their searches as well as provided a list of key phrases that represented the collection. The effect of such a dimension reduction in keyword-baaed document mpmmmtation and aubeequent self-organizing map training with the compreaaed input patterns is described in 32 . Another very promising work is 15 which uses a self-organizing feature map SOFM 12 in order to generate a map of documents where documents dealing with similar topics are located near each other. A self-organizing feature map consists of a two-dimensional array of units; each unit is connected to n input nodes  , and contains a ndimensional vector Wii wherein i ,j identifies the unit at location Ci ,jJ of the array. The SOM solution for getting the tabular view would be to construct a self organizing map over the bidimensional projection. Furthermore  , if a general optimality criterion is given at runtime  , a global optimum can be sought along the lower-dimensional self-motion manifold rather than in the complete n-dimensional configuration space. Experimental results organizing an archive of MP3 music are presented in Section 4  , followed by some conclusions as well as an outlook on future work in Section 5. Probably one of the more important advantages is that generative topographic mapping should be open for rigorous mathematical treatment  , an area where the self- . To help analyze the behavior of our method we used a Self-Organizing Map via the SOM-PAK package 9  , to 'flatten' and visualize the high-dimensional density function 2 . In the CI Spider study  , subjects believed it was easier to find useful information using CI Spider with a score of 3.97/5.00 than using Lycos domain search 3.33 or manual within-site browsing and searching 3.23. In section 6 experimental results are reported and in section 7 a conclusion is given. In ll  the classification task is performed by a self-organizing Kohonen's map. The SOM is designed to create a two-dimensional representation of cells topologically arranged according to the inherent metric ordering relations between the samples in the feature space. In order to use the self-organizing map to cluster text documents  , the various texts have to be represented as the histogram of its words. In Figure 6we provide a typical result from training a self-organizing map with the NIHCL data. Using this similarity in a self organizing map  , we found clusters from visitor sessions  , which allow us to study the user behavior in the web. The Arizona Noun Phraser developed at the University of Arizona is the indexing tool used to index the key phrases that appear in each document collected from the Internet by the Internet Spiders. The density maps for three TREC topics are shown in Figure 2above. F@re 6 shows in fact a highly similar classification rum .dt  , in that the various documents are arranged within the two-dimensional output space of the self-organizing map m concordance with their mutual fictional similarity. To summarize the results  , the experiments indicated that basically the came cluster results can be achieved by spending only a fhction of time for the training proceua. Among the most prominent projects in this arena is the WEBSOM system 12 representing over 1 million Usenet newsgroup articles in a single huge SOM. This is followed by a presentation of our approach to automatic organization of music archives by sound similarity in Section 3  , covering feature extraction  , the principles of the Self-Organizing Map  , and the two-layered architecture used to organize music. If information about the topological order of the training data is provided  , or can be inferred   , only a very small data set is required. In order to achieve a higher resolution in the Cspace and to efficiently use the occupied main memory  , we developed a reorganization mechanism of the C-space  , based on Kohonen's self-organizing feature map  , which is stated in section 5. Each neuron computes the Euclidean distance between the input vector x and the stored weight vector Wii. The mapping to the dual plane and the use of arrangements provides an intuitive framework for representing and maintaining the rankings of all possible top-k queries in a non-redundant  , self-organizing manner. To investigate the robustness of this method  , we added the every type ofnoise to the integrated dataset of the three objects and examined rohustness of maps for categorization tasks under that various conditions. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. This evolution will be characterized by a trajectory on a two-dimensional Self-Organizing Map. The similarity introduced  , can be very useful to increase the knowledge about the visitor behavior in the web. One drawback of these types of systems especially for portable devices is that they require large screen real estate and significant visual attention from the user. An exact positioning of the borderline between the various groups of similar documents  , however  , is not as intuitively to datarmine as with hierarchical feature maps that are presented above. Using Kohonen maps allow the robot to organize the models of the three objects based on its embodiment without the designer's intervention because of the self-organizing characteristic of the map. The first and simplest level is trying RaPiD7 out according to the general idea of RaPiD7. Typically  , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7  , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. Furthermore  , JAD sessions are always somewhat formal  , whereas RaPiD7 sessions vary in formality depending on the case. Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist  , too. However  , RaPiD7 is not focusing on certain artifacts or phases of software development  , and actually does not state which kind of documents or artifacts could be produced using the method  , but leaves this to the practitioner of the method. JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents  , 7 steps. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. Three different levels of achievement can be perceived in implementing RaPiD7. In the following  , two approaches  , namely JAD and Agile modeling  , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways  , the differences are evident. This can be perceived from results already. On the other hand  , formal RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions can be quite alike. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. The obvious similarity with RaPiD7 is the idea of having well structured meetings in RaPiD7 called workshops in order to work out system details. This is probably why more efforts are put into the preparation work when using JAD  , and why with JAD the typical " from preparation to a finished document -time " is longer than with RaPiD7. Although it might be difficult to get people to change their ways of doing everyday work  , typically the teams trying out RaPiD7 for some time would not give up using it. The goal in RaPiD7 is to benefit the whole project by creating as many of the documents as possible using RaPiD7. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in figure 1. Specifically  , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is  , however  , significant. The people who would traditionally participate the inspections are the people who will participate the RaPiD7 workshops  , too. The last and final level is to utilize RaPiD7 in a full-scale software project  , and plan the documentation authoring in projects by scheduling consecutive workshops. On the other hand  , there is a clear and valid reason for the aforementioned hesitancy for the applicability of agile modeling. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. The cases differ by the time required  , the people participating the workshops and the techniques used in the workshops. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski  , Oula Heikkinen  , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. The workshops are well prepared  , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. Furthermore  , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. Hundreds of people have been involved in making RaPiD7 as a working practice in Nokia. Joint application development JAD is a requirements-definition and user-interface design methodology according to Steve McConnell 4. However  , it suits best for documents that are not product-like in nature. By using RaPiD7 method  , the following benefits are expected to realize:  Artifacts and specifications will be produced in a relatively short time from couple of days to one week  Inspecting the documents will not be typically needed after the document has been authored in a workshop  Communication in projects will be easier and more effective  People can work more flexibly in teams as they all share the same information  The overall quality of artifacts and specifications will be improved  No re-work is needed and hence time is saved  Schedules for workshops in projects are known early enough to plan traveling efficiently  , and thus costs can be reduced 3URFHHGLQJVVRIIWKHWKK ,QWHUQDWLRQDO&RQIHUHQFHHRQ6RIWZDUHHQJLQHHULQJJ ,&6 ¶  , Workshop n. Finished Figure 2  , Creating a document using RaPiD7 RaPiD7 method can be applied for authoring nearly all types of documents. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. Therefore  , the key issue seems to be getting the teams to try out RaPiD7 long enough to see the benefits realizing. Without the efforts of these users we would not have such good results nor would we have RaPiD7 as an institutionalized way of working. In addition  , agile modeling does not provide ways to plan the modeling sessions in your software projects whereas in JAD and RaPiD7 the planning is seen crucial for success. The first workshops  , when trying to find out the right approach for a specific document type  , are the most difficult ones. It is no surprise that these different methods provide and promote similar kind of techniques for effective documentation work. In addition  , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. After all  , if projects are planned according to RaPiD7 methodology there will be a number of workshops to participate in. This usually requires approximately two to three days of work for the first workshop  , and a few hours for the following workshops. In JAD  , the general idea is to have a workshop or a set of workshops rather than having unlimited number of workshops throughout the project. On the other hand  , agile modeling provides a number of pragmatic ideas how to perform agile modeling sessions to produce certain kind of models. Here  , graph equality means isomor- phism. Where TSV means Term Selection Value that is used to rank terms. a variable for the solving method. it contains only diagonal elements. Steady trending means a good performance on model robustness. A smaller k value means that the expanded query terms are less important. We now examine the bid variation in accounts. ∩ f k − → r  , which describe the training data by means of feature-relevance associations. That means a cloned h-fragment of a k-fragment must have its size h in the range This implies kσ ≤ h ≤ k/σ. Figure 1 depicts the investigated scenario. The extra cost incurred by this extension involves storing additional information. As we increase σ k   , the performance in both Figure first increases and thereafter declines slightly. Thus the complexity of computing one context-aware rating is exponential in the number of modes and polynomial in the number of factors. Figure 5shows the experimental results. K w : This database models the plan-time effects of sensing actions with binary outcomes. K- Means will tend to group sequences with similar sets of events into the same cluster. By changing the parameter k  , we can realize the variable viscosity elements. This means that blog posts are modeled using a single QLM. This means that for k quality attributes  , Note that values 2  , 4  , 6  , and 8 represent compromises between these preferences. Intuitively this means that some classification information is lost after C  , is eliminated. Standalone localization means that each robot estimates its position using its exteroceptive sensors data collected from the fixed beacons located in the evolution area. between the power of a matrix and its spectral information e.g. Schematically  , preservation means that the state of ω stays within the same ≡ I -equivalence class. O having overlapping sources of inconsistencies means that K ∩ K = ∅. When two sets of inconsistent axioms are overlapping  , it indicates that certain axioms contribute more to the inconsistencies and these axioms are possibly more problematic than others. Virtual targets are predicted using input-output maps implemented efficiently by means of a k-d tree short for k-dimensional tree a  , 91. This implies that M F k is also aperiodic and together with irreducibility this means that M F k is ergodic. This can be seen based on the following two observations: The rationale behind these operations is that the K-γoverlap graph of P can be transformed into the K-γ-overlap graph of p by means of these operations. As mentioned earlier  , X k ,j denotes the corresponding user feature vector. Put simply  , the private data set is modified so that each record is indistinguishable from at least k − 1 other records. This means that our current implementation only approximates the top-k items. This means that we would do EA_LB_Keogh 2k-1 times  , without early abandoning. Variable reduction is illustrated in example 3. are non-negative  , it means there is a solution for candidate migration. This means that there are less than k objects in our constrained region. The repetitive controller then try to cancel this non-periodic disturbance after one period in order to bring E r k to zero. This means that the user has seen at least 3 different values for the same d − k combination key and potential tracker respectively. Clustered multi-index. We can observe that the prediction accuracy increases first when k increases and then becomes stable or even slightly decreases when k > 30 for all three groups of experiments. Mandelbrot noticed extreme variability of second empirical moments of financial data  , which could be interpreted as nonexistence of the theoretical second moments  , i.e. This means that This means that the descendants of v h share at least a node with the descendants of v k but they do not belong to the same subtree. Such collections of values give anonymity to secret associations. In the final  , a single point pi of the calligraphic character can be represented as a 32 dimensional vector. At execution time  , the planner will have definite information about f 's value. Compared with the baseline  , the performances for all K > 1 were significantly improved  , and the best performance was obtained when using K = 500. This fact means that these two categories are strongly connected to haptic information  , and granularities of these categories are different. by the means ofˆcofˆ ofˆc i and T k   , before being projected into the corresponding image. That means as long as the cut-point k 1 is within the tolerance range we consider the term as similar  , outside the tolerance range it is dissimilar. Roughly speaking  , k-anonymity means that one can only be certain that a value is associated with one of at least k values. It means that outside users can never make sure which one of k property values an entity e is certainly associated with  , except when they are be able to exclude k − 1 values from them using some external knowledge . This means we can only include targets for which our methods find at least K source candidates which naturally shrinks the set of test targets. The above EM procedure is ensured to converge  , which means that the log-likelihood of all observed ratings given the current model estimate is always nondecreasing. The value of Qo is similarly an increasing function of K which in this case means that as K increases the range of batch sizes over which the GS policy is more desirable increases. This result corresponds to the feature as mentioned in Section 4.1. The vector of parameters to be optimised is given byˆP by the means ofˆcofˆ ofˆc i and T k   , before being projected into the corresponding image. This section is divided into four subsections. That means watermarking object should have the largest number of 16xl6 macro blocks. which means that after k control steps the signal reaches the confidence zone. When k increases  , the optimal b becomes negative . This means that RCDR successfully preserved information useful for estimating target orders. The second parameter to be tested is the opinion similarity function. This property makes the numerical model more reliable for future wing kinematics optimization studies. If the model fitting has increased significantly  , then the predictor is kept. The fitting constraint keeps the model parameters fit to the training data whereas the regularizers avoid overfitting  , making the model generalize better 7. The fitting with this extended model is considerably better Fig. As our model fitting procedure is greedy  , it can get trapped into local maxima. Model fitting. 5: Quantification of the fitting of oriented-Gabor model RMSE as defined in eq.   , βn be coefficients that are estimated by fitting the model to an existing " model building " data set  , where β0 is termed the model " intercept. " Our aspect model combines both collaborative and content information in model fitting. Our scope of machine learning is limited to the fitting of parameter values in previously prescribed models  , using prescribed model-fitting procedures. There can also be something specific to the examples added that adds confusion . Figure 3 gives the variance proportions for the sampled accounts . Table lsummerizes the results. Our second challenge lies in fitting the models to our target graphs  , i.e. By limiting the complexity of the model  , we discourage over-fitting. The heuristic fitting provides matching of intuitive a priori assumptions on the system and determines the system model structure. distributions amounts to fitting a model with squared loss. 6 analyzed the potential of page authority by fitting an exponential model of page authority. Dropout is used to prevent over-fitting. Using deviance measures  , e.g. The complete optimization objective used by this model is given in Table 1 . The mixed-effects model in Eq. Model performance is demonstrated by emprical data. In order to realize the personal fitting functions  , a surface model is adopted. Computing the dK-2 distributions is also a factor  , but rarely contributes more than 1 hour to the total fitting time. Nonetheless  , the scope of the Model involves one more fitting activity that  , in the outlying areas of interest of this universe  , complicates a fitting challenge per se. Within the model selection  , each operation of reduction of topic terms results in a different model. Rather than over fitting to the limited number of examples  , users might be fitting a more general but less accurate model. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. The model can be directly used to derive quantitative predictions about term and link occurrences. For large graphs like ours  , there are no efficient solutions to determine if two graphs are physically identical . Existing model-fitting methods are typically batchbased i.e. We deal with this problem by starting from multiple starting points. p~ ~  ,. Fitting an individiral skeleton model to its motion data is the routine identification task rary non-ridd pose with sparse featme points. Tanaka 1986 6 proposed the first macroscopic constitutive model. By fitting a model to the generated time-series the AR coefficients were estimated. Figure 2billustrates the highest and second highest bid in the test set  , items that we did not observe when fitting the model. Tuning λ ≥0 is theoretically justified for reducing model complexity  " the effective degree of freedom "  and avoiding over-fitting on training data 5. is the identity matrix. The shapes of the bodies are various for each person. Although on a large scale the fitting is rather accurate  , the smaller and faster phenomena are not given enough attention in this model. IW is a simple way to deal with tensor windows by fitting the model independently. A formal model: More specifically  , let the distribution associated with node w be Θw. Our own source code for fitting the two-way aspect model is available online 28. The RegularizerRole is played by a regularization function used to keep model complexity low and prevent over-fitting. 4due to the unsuitable profile model. Large η vales may lead to serious over-fitting. We compared ECOWEB-FIT with the standard LV model. The replicated examples were used both when fitting model parameters and when tuning the threshold. There are two deficiencies in the fixed focal length model. Line segment primitives are efficient in modelling a collection of observations of the environment. The next section will discuss the classification method. 1633-2008 for a fitting software reliability growth model. semi-supervised of the label observations by fitting the latent factor model BRI on the above three sources of evidences. Model fitting and selection takes on average 7 ms  , and thus can be easily computed in real-time on a mobile robot. He had to use special hardware for real-time performance. λU   , λI are the regularization parameters. Established methods for determining model structure are at best computationally intensive  , besides not easily automated. After fitting this model  , we use the parameters associated with each article to estimate it's quality. The efforts are based on heuristic fitting the system model in order to obtain the required properties of the model to be used 27- 311. Dudek and Zhang 3 used a vision system to model the environment and extract positioning information. The model is built by fitting primitives to sensory data. One study built on the Wing-Kristofferson model to propose various model-fitting techniques for synchronization cases 16. The αinvesting rule can guarantee no model over-fitting and thus the accuracy of the final fitted model. In this section we study the recommendation performance of ExpoMF by fitting the model to several datasets. We provide further insights into ExpoMF's performance by exploring the resulting model fits. This stage aims to estimate the position of a model in the image plane  , calculating the distance between the image centre and the model position. Other work found that abrupt tempo changes and gradual tempo changes seem to engage different methods of phase correction 17. the likelihood ratio or χ 2 measure  , as a measure of the goodness-offit for a model  , the best-fitting  , parsimonious least number of dependencies model for the table is determined. However  , we found that the 4-parameter gravity model: By fitting the model to observed flows  , we might mask the very signal we hope to uncover  , that is  , the error. Using a curve fitting technique  , the impedance model was established in such a way that the model can simulate the expert behavior. In order to perform localization  , a model is constructed of how sensory data varies as a function of the robots position . Iterative computation methods for fitting such a model to a table are described in Christensen 2 . Applying MLE to graph model fitting  , however  , is very difficult. Model fitting on AE features was performed using WEKA 3.7 30  , and the response model was calculated in MATLAB. A data structure for organizing model features has been set up to facilitate model-based tracking. For a particular scene vertex the fitting test would then be triggered a number of times equal to the number of model LFSs  , in the worst case. From the results  , it is evident that interactive fitting was far superior to manual fitting in task time and slightly better in accuracy. The purpose is to support the tasks of monitoring  , control  , prognostics  , preventive maintenance  , diagnostics  , corrective maintenance  , and enhancement or engineering improvements. Note the should be set to a number no smaller than in order to have enough fitting models for the model generation in a higher level. In particular  , if there are many non-informative attributes or if complex models are used  , the problem of over-fitting will be alleviated by reducing dimensions. Although our plane fitting test is fast  , the time overhead that such an approach would introduce made us avoid its usage in such cases. We first fit the general model by fitting it to the general distribution of the minutes between a retweet and the original tweet. The goodness of fit test of the model was not significant p=0.64 meaning that predicted and observed data matrixes did resemble each other. Statistical model selection tries to find the right balance between the complexity of a model corresponding to the number of parameters  , and the fitness of the data to the selected model  , which corresponds to the likelihood of the data being generated by the given model. Model fitting information was significant p=0.000 indicating that the final model predicts significantly better the odds of interest levels compared to the model with only the intercept. Since the LV model cannot capture seasonal patterns  , it was strongly affected by multiple spikes and failed to capture co-evolving dynamics. Fitting the Rated Clicks Model to predict click probabilities on the original lower results yields similar results. σ is used for penalizing large parameter values. It is clear that this particular view selection may not be optimal . The tyre-dependent parameters were experimentally adjusted fitting the measured responses of the army vehicle off-road tyre 13. He used residual functions for fitting projected model and features in the image. There are something good and something bad. Hence  , by leveraging the objective function  , we can address the sparsity problem of check-in data  , without directly fitting zero check-ins. This requires segmenting the data into groups and selecting the model most appropriate for each group. An alternative to template based matching is fitting of a motion model to a gradient field the motion field. As will be shown  , this results in a simple highly generalisable model fitting the majority of the data. Figure 2gives an example of the summary hierarchy. 2In the real-time walk of a legged robot  , a ground model should first be established during the previous gait period. The uneven surface of the vermiculite does not lend itself to primitive fitting without a severe reduction in surface location accuracy. The success with which web pages attract in-links from others in a given period becomes an indicator of the page authority in the future. Addi-tionally  , we use a regularization parameter κ set to 0.01; this step has been found to provide better model fitting and faster convergence. One of our contributions is that we propose to use hierarchical regularization to avoid overfiting. The SRS was placed in hallways within the model. Image curves are represented by invariant shape descriptors  , which allow direct indexing into a model library. Figure 6 : One wave length error detection using the reflection model. To fit a tag ti's language model we analyze the set of tweets containing ti  , fitting a multinomial over the vocabulary words  , with probability vector Θi. In our experiments we randomly split the movies into a training set and a test set. Finally  , we obtained the following model for λ: We started with all possibly relevant variables: After fitting to the data we found that the number of children had little influence. Log-likelihood LL is widely used to measure model fitness . A hierarchical structure to the data alone does not completely motivate hierarchical modeling. The funding model to support this evolution  , however  , is not yet established. adjusting for more usage characteristics resulted in less accurate predictions  , discussed further in Section 8. Given their small size  , we were forced to use a relatively simple model with a small number of features to avoid over-fitting. In principle  , the optimal K should provide the best trade-off between fitting bias and model complexity. We also consider its stochastic counterpart SGBDT  , by fitting trees considering a random subset of training data thus reducing the variance of the final model. It should be noted that a steady-state friction model can also be obtained using any other curve fitting technique such as those using polynomial models. This difference allows us to avoid the complexities of rigid motion manipulations while we are fitting the image. These models are based on basic thermodynamic theory and curve fitting of data from experiments. Because the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with K  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. All estimates are made using 500 bootstrap samples on the human rated data. To avoid over-fitting  , we constrain the gis by imposing an L2 penalty term. Λ is the vector of model parameters  , the second term is the regularization term to avoid over fitting  , which imposes a zero prior on all the parameter values. In this paper  , the primary purpose of fitting a model is not prediction  , but to provide a quantitative means to identify sub-populations. The reward is a repository that offers the powerful extensibility of COMZActiveX  , without requiring many new extensibility features of its own. These landmarks are found for both the reference map and the current map. The surface geometry of a patch is determined by fitting the data points in the patch to a quadric surface and solving an eigensystem. Hence the cross-axis effect of y-acceleration on the x-axis may be modeled by the least-squares fitting of a secondarder polynomial to the data  , The result of this model is shown in Fig. 3 3 is the planestress model with these parameters  , not an arbitrary best fitting curve. This set contains all consistent values of the model parameters  , so it is a quantitative description of the fitting error. Although there are many formats  , which describe surface models  , in this paper Object file of Wavefront's Advanced Visualizer is adopted. Traditionally  , motion fields have been very noise sensitive as minimization over small regions results in noisy estimates. 1  , I measured the between-within variance for the 10 blogs in the dataset on estimated values for the trust  , liking  , involvement and benevolence latent variables. the current model—support incompatibility and non-convexity— and developed new models that address them. The regularizer with coefficient λ > 0 is used to prevent model over-fitting. By varying the value of T we can control the trade-off between data likelihood and over-fitting. For each target graph  , we apply the fitting mechanism described in Section 4 to compute the best parameters for each model. The most common approach is directly fitting Ut to the actual query execution time of the ranking model 7. It provides additional flexibility in fitting either of these models to the realities of retrieval. The LossRole is played by a loss function that defines the penalty of miss-prediction  , e.g. Another possible direction for this work is fitting the features onto a global object model. The model also includes computation of the aligning torque M z on each steered wheel. Our approach is attractive for the marketing field  , because the unobserved baseline sales  , marketing promotion effects and other specific effects are estimated by simultaneously. Our proposal for step 6 is inspired on the PAC 10 method to evaluate learning performance. We have tested the effectiveness of the proposed model using real data. In other words  , the learning trajectories significantly differ among the three initial conditions  , thus supporting Hypothesis 5. The Adjusted-R 2 measure denotes the percentage of variance explained by the model and  , for both collections  , the obtained model explains 99% of such variance. After adding each predictor  , a likelihood test is conducted to check whether the new predictor has increased the model fitting 6. The results of fitting the heteroscedastic model in the data can be viewed below  , > summarylme2 Apart from the random and fixed effects section  , there is a Variance function section. For all the projects there is a significant difference between the simpler model in Equation 4 and the model in Equation 3  , showing that fitting curves separately for different initial conditions significantly improves the model fit. The results could he dismissed as merely another example of over-fitting  , except that the type of over-fitting is highly specific  , and occurs due to confounding controllable mechanisms with the uncontrollable environment. We conclude with literature review in Section 8 and discussion. By using the imported surface model  , the personal fitting function is thought to be realized. This type of approach includes techniques such as least squares fitting 19 and Iterative Closest Point ICP 1 allowing the determination of the six degree of freedom transformation between the observed points and the model. Next we model the O2 concentration signal based on all inputs  , but WIA2 fuel mass and SIC2 feeding screw rpm measurements were replaced by the estimated mass flow signal see Fig. Finally  , our model can be used to provide a measure of the triadic closure strength differentially between graph collections  , investigating the difference in opt for the subgraph frequencies of different graph collections. Second  , single-point estimates do not help inference of model parameters  , and may in fact hurt if the ensuing model-fitting stage uses them as its input. Note that the plane fitting test could be as well used as a verification method in the event that no compatible scene vertices were detected. It is desirable to use the simplest friction model in order to avoid computational complexity. As might have been predicted by the fitting results in Section 3.1  , it was found that use of a Hertz contact model to predict subsurface strains resulted in a biased estimate of the indenter radius. The method of estimating the lots delively cycle time can help fab managers for more precisely lots management and AMHS control. The good fitting between the experimental results and the model indicates that the model is quite accurate  , and may allow to make extrapolations to predict the actuator performance when it is scaled down to the target size for the arthroscope. For simplicity  , we consider only the angular constraints imposed by the model on the local optima; only the orientations of the local fits are affected. The data that was used in the experimental results can be obtained at https: //sourceforge.net/p/jhu-axxb/ In the AX = XB case  , for each point  , we found its closest point on the model and computed the sum squared difference between them. The maps were used to determine robot pose by fitting new sensor data to the model.  Curvature: In log-log space our data is curved as indicated by the fact that the best fitting distribution  , Zipf-Mandelbrot  , by theory has a curved form in loglog space. By fitting the output of our proposed model to the real bid change logs obtained from commercial search engines   , we will be able to learn these parameters  , and then use the learned model to predict the bid behavior change in the future. In all cases  , model fitting runtime is dominated by the time required to generate candidate graphs as we search through the model parameter space. We generate 20 randomly seeded synthetic graphs from each model for each target graph  , and measure the differences between them using several popular graph metrics. Fitting an OODB or repository into an existing object model is a delicate activity  , which we explain in detail. By fitting two of the constants in the impact model which consist of various mass and geometric terms  , we obtained a usable model of impact which predicted average initial translation velocities to within 5 to 15 percent  , initial rotational velocities to within 30 percent. We quantify the reconstruction by fitting the model to the new computed point set and finding a normalized metric. If we assume a too complex model  , where each data point essentially has to be considered on its own  , we run the risk of over fitting the model so that all variables always look highly correlated. Furthermore  , we evaluate the reliability of our models  , since AUC can be too optimistic if the model is overfit to the dataset. Commonly made assumptions  , though reasonable in the context of workflow mining  , do clearly not hold for a dependency model of a distributed system  , nor do they seem fitting for a single user session. For this reason   , the model LFSs are placed in the LFS list of the model database in descending order of the area of the surface to which they correspond. The technique works by augmenting the existing observational data with unobserved  , latent variables that can be used to incrementally improve the model estimate. Thus we propose to solve this problem by an iterative method  , conceptually similar to the one described by Besl 5  , which combines data classification and model fitting. Thus it cannot be said that this model would work for any soft tissue  , but rather  , soft tissues that exhibit similar characteristics to agar gel. Hence non-uniform weights could easily incur over-fitting  , and relying on a particular model should be avoided. Using the model  , we can then translate that probability into a statistically founded threshold of clicks and remove all " users " that exceed that threshold. This result indicates that most queries are noisy and strongly influenced by external events that tend to interfere with model fitting. Overall  , the models were trained with a combination of different parameter settings: 1 ,5  , 0 ,10 ,100 ,1000  , and with and without the indicator attributes. The robot control system has been synthesized in order to realize the identified expert impedance and to replicate the expert behavior. Note that our model is different from the copying models introduced by Simon 17  in that the choice of items in our model is determined by a combination of frequency and recency. The reason for fitting the less restrictive " sliding-window " model is to test whether the " full " model captures the full extent of temporal change in weights. Despite its complexity  , the LuGre dynamic friction model has been chosen in this activity to further improve the fitting between simulation and experimental results. As the number of ratings given by most users is relatively small compared with the total number of items in a typical system  , data sparsity usually decreases prediction accuracy and may even lead to over-fitting problems. Outlier removal using distributional methods proceeds by fitting a model to the observed distribution and then selecting a tail probability say 0.1% to use as a definition of an outlier. One might speculate whether embedding the IDEAL model in a less fitting strategy would have lead to the same positive results. The derivation is done by fitting 20 evenly spaced points  , each point being the number of total words versus the number of unique words seen in a collection. Given a topic relevance score  , for each query  , the score of each retrieved document in the baseline is given by the above exponential function f rank with the parameter values obtained in the fitting procedure. Regularization via ℓ 2 norm  , on the other hand  , uses the sum of squares of parameters and thus can make a smooth regularization and effectively deal with over-fitting. To further analyze the effect of covariates  , we compare the perplexity of all models in the repurchase data and the new purchase data in Table 2. related covariates in addition to fitting parameters of a conditional opportunity model for each category m. It shows the importance of considering covariates when modeling the purchase time of a follow-up purchase. If the general shape of the object is fit to some simple surface  , it should be possible to add the details of fine surface features using a simple data structure. We thus segment the color image with different resolutions see Section IV-A. As an example of what not to do  , we could take our relevant-document distribution to be a uniform distribution on the set of labeled relevant documents. The equation of each 3D line is computed by fitting a vertical line to the selected model points. To fit the three-way DEDICOM model  , one must solve the following minimization problem With a unique solution  , given appropriate data and adequately distinct factors the best fitting axis orientation is somewhat more likely to have explanatory meaning than one determined by  , e.g. It may be possible that one or more chunks in that window have been outdated  , resulting in a less accurate classification model. 1 measurement of respondents' sensations  , feelings or impressions Dimension reduction techniques are one obvious solution to the problems caused by high dimensionality. For the Dynamic class  , temporal models that only take into account the trend or learn to decay historical data correctly perform the best. However  , a slight drop of performance can be observed for high θ values  , because it produces a large number of pattern clusters i.e. Model Parameters.  Extensive experiments on real-world datasets convincingly demonstrate the accuracy of our models. Based on the rationale of curve-fitting models  , various alternatives to the DPM approach have been proposed and investigated 14  , 15  , 181  , but so far no superior model was reported. We thus avoid training and testing on the same dataset. We can do model selection and combination—technical details are in Appendix C. This can be performed using only data gathered online and time complexity is independent of the stream size. Words best fitting this cumulative model of user interest are used as links in documents selected by the user. From this we can also expect that the image feature extraction error is within the range 5 to 15 pixels. A reconstructed 3D model of the object is computed by fitting superquadrics to the data which provides us with the underlying shape and pose. We obtain results comparable to the state of the art and do so in significantly less time. Using the MATLAB profiler 5000 executions  , 1ms clock precision  , 2 GHz clock speed on standard Windows 7 OS without any code optimization  , our classifier executes in 1ms per AE hit on average. This fitting method makes the edge of the model more smooth and more approximate to that of the part than the zero-order-hold  , and makes using thicker material possible. The last line is explicitly fitting a mixedeffects model using the function lme in the nlme package. A model fitting the re-centered data then shows the effect of the varying IV on the DV with respect to the different levels of the re-centered IVs. However  , since this increases the dimensionality of the feature space—which makes it sparser—it also makes the classification problem harder and increases the risk of over-fitting the data. In such a scenario  , it is not sufficient to have either one single model or several completely independent models for each placing setting that tend to suffer from over-fitting. In this context  , we have modeled skills by adopting an explicitly different model fitting strategy that is based on the entropies obtained from multiple demonstrations. Because it is easier to express the metric error for the branch fitting than for the sub-branch finding  , 30 trials were first run on simulated branches with no sub-branches. This first segmentation may contain some errors  , e.g. Since we are dealing with sparse depth data  , it is further desirable to have as large segments as possible -otherwise model fitting becomes impracticable due to lack of data inside segments. To find the total fit error over all segments for a collection of arbitrary planes  , we add a Lagrange term constraining the angles between pairs of fitting planes to equal the angles between corresponding planes in the model. Solving the problem requires using knowledge about the system  , which enable one to handle the factors being omitted under conventional formal procedures. A modified scale space approach  , based on a line model mask with weights calculated from the line fitting mors  , is presented. Indeed  , the computational strategy adopted consists of a hierarchical model fitting  , which limits the range of labeling possibilities. One typical tree model has 10 layers and 16 terminal nodes. The main reason for this is that the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with the increase of dimensionality; thus  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. Table 2shows the results of fitting the Rated Clicks Model using human rated Fair Pairs data. Netflix Ratings: Within the Netflix dataset  , the results were not nearly as simple. In this sense  , the general reliability serves as a prior to reduce the over-fitting risk of estimating object-specific reliability in the MSS model. In this way  , the procedure is in fact fitting the 'mean curve' of the model distribution to the empirical subgraph frequencies. We have experimented with hill climbing in our model fitting problem  , and confirmed that it produces suboptimal results because the similarity metric dK or others is not strictly convex. On the other hand  , we are a priori not interested in an entire flow of execution and such tricky issues as mutual exclusion or repetition. The resulting transliteration model is used subsequently for that specific language pair. The more general the model  , the more effort it will expend on fitting to specific features of the training documents that will generalize to the full relevant population. Specifically  , given a user's query  , SSL sends the query to the centralized sample database and retrieves the sample ranked list with relevance score of each document. Therefore  , we propose to use a shared sparsity structure in our learning. This shows that the image-based techniques are more flexible to data fitting and local inaccuracies of the model than the geometric-based approaches  , which impose a rigid transformation . Adding more constraints to the system reduces the size of this set and permits more precise or detailed knowledge about the world. The system was developed using the Silicon Graphics software package called " Open Inventor "   , which provides high level C++ class libraries to create  , display  , and manipulate 3-D models. Table 3gives the mean estimate of r   , over 40 degrees for 9 different indenters. In the following a general expression will be given  , and then will be described how to specialize it for the two cases. Quantitative results in terms of segment magnification obtained in the second view  , fitting errors  , and surfaces types are summarized in Table I. In addition to high accuracy and robustness  , the classifier demonstrates the potential for realtime implementation with offline model parameter fitting. We use information entropy as the uncertainty measurement of the B-spline model. It should be obvious  , without going through a complex matching procedure  , that the points on the adjacent flat sueaces cannot belong to the model  , which is curved at all points. Once we have mined all frequent itemsets or  , e.g. A mathematical model was established and validated both deductively based on its geometric structure and inductively through empirical findings. As evident in Figure 5a  , the residual plot based on the confidential data reveals an obvious fanshaped pattern  , reflecting non-constant variance. It is fascinating that the typical ρ i for the individuals of seven of our eight datasets is approximately 1  , the same slope generated by the SFP model. To address this possibility of over-fitting  , we consider a second heterogeneous attrition model  , in which attrition probabilities Ri are randomly generated from the distribution of estimated attrition rates shown in Figure 1. There is large variability in the bids as well as in the potential for profit in the different auctions. This explains why our model has such an improved predictive probability than BPMF as shown above and demonstrates the importance of fitting the variance as well as the mean. The play is divided into acts in such a way that each act has a fixed set of actors participating objects fitting conveniently on the scene scenario diagram. To help mitigate the danger of over-fitting i.e. The proportion of positive examples in the annotation hierarchy subtask was low  , and for that subtask we experimented with upweighting positive training examples relative to negative ones. Second  , it is reasonable to assume that the error in each variable is independent of the error in other variables. Many robotic manipulation tasks  , including grasping   , packing  , and part fitting require geometric information on objects. -Any geometric model representation should be capable of generating the error vectors required. We have simulated the same VSA-II model under exactly the same design and operative conditions: encoder quantization  , white noise on motor torques  , torque input profiles  , polynomials used for the fitting  , etc. We speed up model fitting by considering only actors billed in the top ten and eliminating any actors who appear in only one movie. This section describes the implementation of the model fitting system and informal evaluations performed with volunteer operators. We would also have to consider 6DOF poses  , complicating the approach considerably. One of the crucial problems is where to find the initial estimates seeds in an image since their selection has a major effect on the success or failure of the overall procedure. There is a certain advantage to the use of such an entropy-based skill learning method. Taking advantage of the theorem of separated axis lo  , real-time accurate and fast collision detection among moving geometrical models can be achieved. This empirical model has been derived by fitting trends to experimental data conducted in agar gel as a tissue phantom. To overcome this shortcoming  , we propose to use a multi-stage model. Formally this corresponds to minimizing the error when each tuple is modeled by the best itemset model from the solution set. Nonetheless  , the accuracy remains stable for a wide range of k 1 values  , indicating the insensitivity of the model with respect to the choice of k 1 values. Based on the intuitions above  , we propose to do one-way ANOVA sequentially on each feature and obtain the p-value pk for F k based on the fixed e↵ect model: More importantly  , for achieving interpretability and reducing the risks of over-fitting  , we also hope that output worker subgroups are not too many. In particular  , in Figure 7awe see that for MG-LRM  , the peak appears at a higher number of iterations than the other models.  We describe a fast method for fitting the parameters of these models  , and prescriptions for picking the right model given the dataset size and runtime execution constraints. They are ultimately interested in learning the parameters controlling the model  , as well as the uncertainty associated with an incomplete raw dataset. " In other cases  , the LIWC categories were different enough from the dataset that model chose not to use topics with ill-fitting priors  , e.g. In fact  , although using small batch sizes allows the online models to update more frequently to respond to the fast-changing pattern of the fraudulent sellers   , large batch sizes often provide better model fitting than small batch sizes in online learning. Ribeiro also outlines a framework for fitting these parameters given a window of time series activity levels  , and then uses them to extrapolate and make a long term prediction of future activity levels. We also tried several other  , more complex models  , without achieving significantly better model fitting. Once one moves to the campaign level the number of terms starts to be large enough to support model fitting. Moreover  , spline and polynomial curve fitting or energy minimization techniques such as active contours and snake 4 fail to give precise baselines and there is always an inclination towards descenders in the above methods. Rank-GeoFM/G denotes our model without considering the geographical influence. An important characteristic of query logs is that the long tail does not match well the power law model  , because the tail is much longer than the one that corresponds to the power law fitting the head distribution. Our selected procedure to predict future retweet activity is summarized in resolution Δ pred   , we proceed as follows: First  , we identify the infectious rate of a tweet pt by fitting the proposed oscillatory model. The adjusted R-square  , on the other hand  , penalises R-square for the addition of regressors  , which do not contribute to the explanatory power of the model. For our sequence of models  , the cross-validated correlation and overall correlation are about the same  , giving us some assurance that the models are not over-fitting. In contrast   , we have specified in advance a single hypothesis h *   , i.e. We then fit model and frame nuisance parameters and found convergence over a wide range of initial values to B = 3.98  , nuisance angle = 36.93    , and nuisance distance = 1.11 mm. The constants σ i of the final model are intended to be universal constants that should be applicable to a wider range of parameters not explicitly tested in our experiment. A classification technique is said to suffer from overjitting when it improves performance over the training documents but reduces performance when applied to new documents  , when compared to another method. The values of this section give the ratio of the standard error of each system/topic group to the standard error of the first system/topic group. Corner landmarks in the map are found with a least-squares model fitting approach that fits corner models to the edge data in the map. This is in contrast to the more widely adopted fitting approach of ordinary least squares where only one variable in the model is assumed to contain error. Section 4 concerns the data collection and fitting procedures for computation of leg model. Hence  , the quasi-steady model we compare with only contains the translational term. All of these computations are subject t o error. In the context of variable selection  , this implies that we may line up the variables in a sequence and include them into the model in a streamwise manner without over-fitting. It is important to note  , however  , that residuals only can reveal problematic models; a random pattern only indicates lack of evidence the model is mis-specified  , not proof that it is correctly specified. We start by fitting the OLS model of income on main effects only for each variable  , using indicator variable coding for the categorical variables. In Figures 9-a and 9-b we compare  , respectively  , the histogram and the OR of the inter-event times generated by the SFP model  , all values rounded up  , with the inter-event times of the individual of Figure 1. In opposition to traditional methods aiming at fitting and sometimes forcing the content of the resources into a prefabricated model  , grounded theory aims at having the underlying model emerge " naturally " from the systematic collection  , rephrasing  , reorganisation and interpretations of the actual sentences and terms of the resources . There is considerable variation within each run -the standard deviation is as much as 15 percent in initial rotational velocity and 5 percent in initial translational velocity. While there are quasi-steady models based on 2D inviscid flow that address added mass and rotational circulation effects  , they usually involve extra fitting parameters and are not robust for large operating range. This distribution seem to follow a powerlaw distribution as we see in Figure 4and when we fit our general Figure 4: General Model: y-axis is the ratio of retweets  , and the x-axis is the number of minutes between a retweet and the original tweet. The constants K i in 6–9 were fitting parameters for the specific nondimensional data sets; they are implied functions of the dimensionless groups  , and would be different for other combinations of values. Notice that our fit is even visually very good  , and it detects seasonalities and up-or down-trends: For example   , our model fitted the success of " Wii " which launched in 2006 and apparently drew attention from the competing " Xbox " . The model used to compose a project from software changes is introduced in Section 4; Section 5 describes the result of fitting such models to actual projects; Section 6 considers ways to validate these empirical results  , and Section 7 outlines steps needed to model other software projects. The model without training is accurate for sufficiently large values of T   , but it cannot be applied for short observations because the quality of parameter fitting deteriorates  , as we showed in Sec. We now discuss how to address two practical challenges in employing our model as a prediction tool. The striking agreement between the fit model and the mean of each collection is achieved at the corresponding edge density by fitting only . Previous work 20  , 57 showed that the use of different measures can impact both the fitting and the predictive performance of the models built by GA: relative measures e.g. At close distances less than 10 cm  , the sonar sensors cannot be used for range measurement however  , with model fitting  , IR can provide precise distances  , enabling the robot to follow the wall and not having t o rely on error-prone dead-reckoning  11. While the empirical data can be readily fitted to many known parsimonious models such as power laws  , log-normal  , or exponential  , there is no guarantee that the fitted model can be used to predict the tail of the distribution or how the distribution changes with the observation window . This type of model is not new in the literature 41  , 10  but they have not been extensively studied   , perhaps due to the lack of empirical data fitting the implied distribution. We were successful in selecting similar developers: the ratio between the largest and smallest developer coefficients was 2.2  , which would mean that the least efficient developer would require 120% additional effort to make a change compared to the most efficient developer  , but Table 2: Results from model fitting. Comparing this with the errors in Table 1  , we see that in the best case this limit is nearly achieved while on average the error is twice the noise level indicating that model error does exist and it is on the same order of magnitude as the noise. In addition to the exploitation of the entire eigensystem of the segment fits and the expression of the model in a view-invariant form  , there are several other differences between our approach and that of Bolle and Cooper.2 We use general quadrics instead of restricting the form of the fitting functions to cylinders and spheres. Their additional restriction gives tighter fits to segments that are of fixed " optimal " size. We therefore evaluate the temporal correlation and the two derivative models by comparing 1 the quality of the summaries generated from these models and 2 their utility towards finding additional tweets from the tweet sample that are related to the event and yet do not contain the keywords from the original queries. Importantly  , the evidence does show that document encoders are evaluating the advantages of the XML standard e.g. The Bernoulli parameter pr ,u in our model  , however  , is specific to a rank r and a user u  , thus leaving more flexibility for setting different hypothesized values for simulation or fitting empirical parameters from log data. To be able to rank a document we needed to specify both the relevant and irrelevant probability distributions for a term  , so we need priors for both. Third  , using the position and orientation of the best leaf candidate  , the robot moves the camera system closer to it to obtain a more detailed view  , which is used to obtain a better model and eventually separate different leaves. Using the above mapping  , the remaining parameter of the amplifier model eq 4a  , internal resistance  , was determined by fitting estimated terminal voltage during an experiment to actual  , using the MATLAB" To calculate the estimated motor current  , the output of eq 3 was fit to the real motor current using actual terminal voltage. Then  , the actual existence of the contour feature is verified by determining disparity between F  , and the content of CW. That is  , we assume individuals have attrition rates that are randomly drawn from this estimated population distribution  , and define the probability of observing a completed chain ω of length Lω to be To address this possibility of over-fitting  , we consider a second heterogeneous attrition model  , in which attrition probabilities Ri are randomly generated from the distribution of estimated attrition rates shown in Figure 1. the jackknife standard errors indicated that a difference of this size was not large enough to be distinguishable from random fluctuations i.e. It is evident that natural language texts are highly noisy and redundant as training data for statistical classification  , and that applying a complete mathematical model to such noisy and redundant data often results in over-fitting and wasteful computation in LLSF. Specifically   , even after being learned on a wealth of training data for a user  , the system could suffer from over-fitting and " cold-start " problem for new visitors the Web site. In our case  , we use global topics and background topics to factor out common words. ECOWEB discovered the following important patterns:  Long-term fitting: Figure 1a shows the original volume of the four activities/keywords as circles  , and our fitted model as solid lines. Two questions must be answered to use this approach: i what family of distributions is used a modeling question  , and ii which distribution to choose from the family given the data a model-fitting question. For a given contour feature F and a circular window image CW  , the following method is used to determine whether C W contains an instance of F: First  , a parameter fitting technique based on moments is applied to determine the most accurate model contour F. of F type hypothetically existing in CW. The steps consist of 1 express the change in the metric in terms of a function of the means and variance of a probability density function over the metric 2 mapping the estimates from the click-based model to judgments for the metric by fitting a distribution to data in the intersection 3 computing estimates for the remaining missing values using query and position based smoothing. Theoretical calculation shows that by reducing the diameter of the disks to 4 mm and adopting the same 150 pm SMA wires  , the bending angle is still in the range f 90 " and the maximum force exertable remains substantially unchanged About 1 N vs. the 4 N generated by the multi-wire configuration proposed by Grant and Hayward ~ 5 1  . They considered that there were other ways of representing the same texts using different markup languages and that limitations in the Consortium's view needed to be evaluated: Fit for purpose as it emerges here is not about fitting a model or matching a markup language to the requirements of specific projects  , it is a general quality of fitness to the strategic objectives for documentation over time. The intersection is the portion of the query-URL pairs that we have both editorial judgments and the user browsing model estimates . One explanation for these features not helping in our experiments may have been due to over-fitting the model on the relatively small data set. Note: ‡ indicates p-value<0.05 compared to MPC These results are consistent with that observed in normal traffic  , confirming the superiority of our TDCM model on relevance modeling. The resulting relevance model significantly outperforms all existing click models. Based on the assumptions defined above  , in this section we propose a Two-Dimensional Click Model TDCM to explain the observed clicks. In this section  , we conduct a series of experiments to validate our major claims on the TDCM model. It consists of a horizontal model  , which explains the skipping behavior  , and a vertical model that depicts the vertical examination behavior. TDCM 15 : This is a two-dimensional click model which emphasizes two kinds of user behaviors. For example  , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. The user interacts with the QAC engine horizontally and vertically according to the H  , D and R models. Figure 2is a flowchart of user interactions under the TDCM model. On the other hand  , our TDCM model achieves significant better results on both platforms. This click model is consisted of a horizontal model H Model that explains the skipping behavior  , a vertical model D Model that depicts the vertical examination behavior  , and a relevance model R Model that measures the intrinsic relevance between the prefix and a suggested query. 14 is a non-trivial task because it needs to search over all possible ranking combinations . Cancel stops a search in progress. The search is terminated when the stack is empty. The choice of a stack indicates our preference for a 'depth-first-search' exploration from the starting assembled configuration. The search follows scoping rules. Stack Search Maximizing Eq. In order to remember a yet-to-be visited node on the stack  , we push the pointer and the LSN we found in the corresponding entry. Stack Skyline points SL Finally  , p8  , p9 dominated by {p1} in SL is skipped and the search completes. Such a search engine might retrieve a number of components that contain the word Stack somewhere maybe they use a Stack  , but only very few of them implement the appropriate data structure. This is implemented by the following pseudo code: new command name: ALL OPERATION; move the cursor to the form with heading DATA ABSTRACTION: stack; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; loop: while there is child form with heading OPERATION ; display the operation name and its I/0 entry; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; end loop ; The extended command ALL__OPERATION stack displays useful methodology oriented information and greatly reduces the number of key strokes n ec essary. The simplest rule is to follow strictly the structure of the stack  , from the top down towards the bottom. Web pages on stackoverflow .com are optimized towards search engines and performance . See 21 for discussion on the impact of search order on distance computation. This is effectively done in the same cycle that the search is conducted. The stack enables the testing of parent-child and ancestor-descendant relationships and limits the search space during the subsequence matching. By complementing part of the search result before OR'ing  , and complementing the result that is entered in the stack  , and AND'ing operation is possible. The Limpid Desk system meets our requirement of giving simple access to physical documents. The Limpid Desk supports physical search interaction techniques  , such as 'stack browsing' in which the upper layer documents are transparentized one by one through to the bottom of the stack. Find takes the following arguments: stack  , which contains the nodes on the path from the root to the current node of Find Find starts tree traversal from the top node of the stack; if the stack is empty  , the root of the tree is assumed; search-key  , the key value being sought; lock-mode  , a flag which indicates whether an exclusive lock  , shared lock  , or neither should be obtained on the key returned by Find; and latch-mode  , a flag which if True indicates that the node at which Find terminates should be latched exclusively. In particular  , suppose that peek and search are the features or operations to be added and that PeekCapability and SearchCapability are the interfaces that define these two features  , respectively. Shown below is an interface to add the peek operation: public interface PeekCapability extends Stack { Object peek; } The first difference in implementation with enhancements arises in implementing a feature  , such as peek. The search terminates when it finds a section that contains one or more such binders. Note that this is not the standard representation of discrete domains in CP. These candidates are incomplete solutions till rank i. The Q qualification bit in delimiter words is used to mark qualified nodes that will be searched. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. The common approach which we follow here is that the scopes are organized in an environment stack with the " search from the top " rule. Plurality is implemented using Apache's Solr – a web services stack built over the Lucene search engine – to provide real-time tag suggestions. In the past  , randomized techniques have been combined with more deliberate methods to great success . They developed an improved search engine for content on Stack Overflow which recommends question-and-answer pairs as opposed to entire Q&A threads based on a query. The swap operation on two top bits allows us to preserve the search result of two separate traces. many cases  , the children depended on their parent's guidance through joint search in the stack or library  , but we observed that in 34 groups the children chose their own books. Rather  , the back-trail is kept by temporarily reversing pointers during the initial search. In the second version a compactification of code is achieved by a suitable "renaming" imposed on D. In the third version  , the search trail is kept in D itself and the appropriate pointers are restored as the backscan occurs. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l The main difference is that the candidates for further expansion are managed in a queue instead of a stack. Duplication is useful in the case when the record is to be used as context for another operation which consumes the top bit. This simple but extremely flexible prioritization scheme includes as a special case the simpler strategies of breadth-first search i.e. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? Forward moves in the opposite direction through the results stack. For a given set of forms  , the expert programmer can implement extended commands which are more friendly and optimal in terms of key strokes. The results obtained from a search driven by the above test for a stack are summarized in the first row of The second row of the table shows how many functionally equivalent components are returned when a more elaborate test is used to drive the search. As expected  , the number of results is lower because fewer components were able to pass the more stringent tests. In an evaluation  , the authors found that the inclusion of different types of contextual information associated with an exception can enhance the accuracy of recommendations. Some extensions to the structure of stacks used in PLs are necessary to accommodate in particular the fact that in a database we have persistent and bulk data structures. A bit can also be popped from this bit stack to enable rewriting words in the qualified records in the subtree. This is useful in the situation where we want to trace two link lists to find their intersections. The operands for long instructions can be immediate operands i.e. A local push-down stack is a suitable device to save the successive nodes of such a path together with an indication of the direction from which they were exited. Required hardware can be emulated in software on current more powerful computers   , and therefore emulators can reproduce a document's exact appearance and behavior. However  , s contains concrete memory addresses in order to identify events accessing shared memory locations. Two additional Javascript libraries provided the time-line 2 and rectangular area select for copy/paste 3 capabilities. The library will contain several features to extend the Stack interface  , such as peek and search among others. For example  , to switch the implementations in myStack declaration  , only a local modification is necessary as shown below: Once a Stack with appropriate features is created  , the operations of the base type stack push  , pop  , empty can be called directly as in the call below: myStack.push"abc"; In general  , a cast is needed to call an enhanced operation  , though it can be avoided if only one enhancement is added: SearchCapabilitymyStack.search; This flexibility allows implementations to be changed  , at a single location in the code. The ranking criteria used by their approach consists of the textual similarity of the question-and-answer pairs to the query and the quality of these pairs. This helps in alleviating an inherent limitation of symbolic execution by building on results from tools that do not suffer from the same limitation. We would like to add the document content to a search engine or send the document to others to read without the overhead of the emulation stack  , but cannot. To show that these results also hold for code programmers struggle to write  , we repeated the same experiment on code snippets gathered from questions asked on the popular Stack Overflow website. Nevertheless  , configurations MAY and MAY × MUST overall reach significantly fewer bounds than PV for instance  , the max-stack bound is never reached by pruning verified parts of the search space. We could use a tool such as grep to search for this.idIndex  , but such an approach is very crude and may match statements unrelated to the crash. During systematic concurrency testing  , ρ is stored in a search stack S. We call s ∈ S an abstract state  , because unlike a concrete program state  , s does not store the actual valuation of all program variables.  The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. 34 of the 51 interviewed participants had searched the catalogue before entering the stack; 16 had searched the online catalogue using a library computer see Fig. The query descriptor is assembled by the parser and passed as a parameter into the search function  , which then uses SAPI functions to extract the operator and the qualification constants. When Find is called on behalf of a read-only transaction lock-mode is None indicating no lock  , and latch-mode is False. The following nine subjects are simple data structures: binheap implements priority queues with binomial heaps 48; bst implements a set using binary search trees 49 ; deque implements a double-ended queue using doubly-linked lists 8; fibheap is an implementation of priority queues using Fibonacci heaps 48 ; heaparray is an array-based implementation of priority queues 3 ,49 ; queue is an object queue implemented using two stacks 10; stack is an object stack 10; treemap implements maps using red-black trees based on Java collection 1.4 3 ,48 ,49 ; ubstack is an array-based implementation of a stack bounded in size  , storing integers without repetition 7  , 30  , 42. If the client wants to choose the implementations ArrayImpl for Stack interface  , PeekImpl1 for PeekCapability  , and SearchImpl for SearchCapability  , then using the code pattern proposed in Section 4 of this paper  , the following declaration can be used: In particular  , suppose that peek and search are the features or operations to be added and that PeekCapability and SearchCapability are the interfaces that define these two features  , respectively. RDF is the core part of the Semantic Web stack and defines the abstract data model for the Semantic Web in the form of triples that express the connection between web resources and provide property values describing resources. Later  , when the designer needs to model the transport system between production cells of the flexible manufacturing system  , he can search in the repository and recover candidates models for reuse. Figure 7shows classification data for all VCs generated from a sample catalog of RESOLVE component client code that relies on existing  , formally-specified components to implement extensions  , which add additional functionality e.g. This confirms that the search of CnC is much more directed and deeper  , yet does not miss any errors uncovered by random testing. This approach is a core of the definiton of query operators  , including selection  , projection/navigation  , join  , and quantifiers. To maximize the CPU utilization efficiency  , the data manipulation is structured as non-blocking with respect to the following I/O operations: transfer of input data for procedures among cluster nodes  , other request/reply communication between search engine components on different cluster nodes  , HTTP communication with web servers  , and local disk reads and writes. The search capability to the interface was built using AJAX calls to the Solr server  , with a jQuery " stack " to provide the bulk of the interactive features: jQuery-UI and the pan-andzoom jQuery plugin 1 in particular.