We store current rules in a prefix tree called the RS-tree. We can sort predicates and patterns based on this order. sort represents a flatten-structure transformation with sort. descendant represents a flatten-structure transformation using descendant axis and constructs a tree whose size is 66.7% of the input XML data. A sort instance element can be expanded to re-run its associated query and display the results. The graph is displayed as a tree hierarchy  , with sort instances as leaf elements. Using auxiliary tree T   , recursive function sort csets is invoked to sort the component sets. Note that non-leaf node of T is numbered according to its order of merging. When an item is inserted in the FP-tree  , sort the items in contingency weight ascending order. The first node of root in the FP-tree has item-id and pointer. Updates may cause swapping via the bubble sort  , splitting  , and/or merging of tree nodes Updates to DB does not lead to any swapping of tree nodes  old gets changed. Finally  , conclusions are presented in Section 6. Sort-based bulk loading KF 93 refers to the classical approach of sorting and packing the nodes of the R*-tree. Hilbert values. This approach makes the hest use of the occurrence of the common suffix in transactions  , thereby constructing a more compact tree structure than F'P-tree. The only difference is that one needs to sort the path according to L before inserting it into a new P-tree. However  , in many other cases  , it requires rescanning the entire updated database DB in order to build the corresponding FP-tree. Specifically  , it was designed to produce the FP-tree of the updated database  , in some cases  , by adjusting the old tree via the bubble sort. In this way  , at each point the node being inserted will become the rightmost leaf node in T after insertion. To do this  , we use the following strategy: We sort the input leaf set according to the pre-order of tree T. Starting with an empty tree T   , we insert nodes into the tree in order. Therefore  , each projection uses B-tree indexing to maintain a logical sort-key order. Since we assume that WS is trivial in size relative to RS  , we make no effort to compress data values; instead we represent all data directly. This information is made available to further relational operators in the relational operator tree to eliminate sort operations. the rows are in depth-first order of the nodes in the subtree. Since each partition of Emp is presorted  , it may be cheapest to use a sort-merge join for joining corresponding partitions. The second query tree uses the join predicate on city and repartitions the Dep table. index join  , nested loops join  , and sort-merge join are developed and used to compare the average plan execution costs for the different query tree formats. Analytic cost functions for hash-join. New human computer interaction knowledge and technology must be developed to support these new possibilities for autonomous systems. Can we use some sort of task lattice or tree  , to represent and interface the distributed tasks underway towards goals and subgoals ? This problem is more serious than FELINE because it uses the bubble sort to recursively exchange adjacent tree nodes. As a result  , the ordering of items needs to be adjusted. The other approach  , which we call Sorted-Tuples-based bulk loading  , is even simpler. A query that produces many results is hurt more by a blocking Sort and benefits more from a semi/fully pipelined pattern tree match physical evaluation. The overall speedup depends on the number of results in each query. C-Store organizes columns into projections sets of columns and each projection has a sort-key 25. However  , if space is really an issue  , we can resort to a sparse B+ tree index. By traversing elements from the root element to elements with atomic data  , we obtain large 1-paths  , large 2-paths  , and so on  , until large n-paths. Then we sort elements on path by tree levels. The restructure of the Ptree consists of similar insertions in the first step. Second  , OVERLAP prunes edges in the search lattice  , converting it into a tree  , as follows. The attributes at each node of the search lattice are then ordered to be subsequences of this sort order. 1 sort the attribute-based partition  , compressing if possible 2 build a B-Tree like index which consists of pointers beginning and end to the user-specified category boundaries for the attribute. Data Page Relational query optimization  , however  , impacts XQuery semantics and introduces new challenges. SQL Server 2005 also introduces optimizations for document order by eliminating sort operations on ordered sets and document hierarchy  , and query tree rewrites using XML schema information. It tries to do better than Parent by overiapping the computation of different cuboids and using partially matching sort orders. As in the Parent method  , the Overlap method computes each cuboid from one of its parents in the cuboid tree. The concern model is a connected graph  , defining a view over the system that is complementary to Eclipse's standard package explorer. Serialization of an XML subtree using the XML_Serialize operator serves as an example. Now  , as our target in TREC is to find an " optimal " ranking function to sort documents in the collection  , individuals should represent tentative ranking functions. Figure 1ashows an example of a tree which represents the expression X + Y*Z. It does not offer immediate capability of navigating or searching XML data unless an extra index is built. 8 first shred the XML tree into a table of two columns  , then sort and compress the columns individually. So the performance increase is higher for such queries – e.g. As mentioned earlier  , the sort-merge join method is used. Executor traverses the query plan tree and carries out join operations sequentially according to join sequence numbers determined by Optimizer. Thus the load for computing the tree and hence for testing the hypotheses varies. This is a result of the possibility to sort out a different number of facets during the construction of the lists Sij. The experiments that we performed with our datasets showed that the performance of R+-tree was better than R*-tree for our application. To reduce CPU cost for redundant comparisons between points in an any two nodes  , we first screen points which lie within c-distance from the boundary surface of other node and use sort-merge join for those screened points. The tree node corresponding to the last item of the sorted summary itemset represents a cluster  , to which the transaction T i belongs. For each transaction  , T i   , if its summary itemset SI Ti is not empty  , we sort the items in SI Ti in lexicographic order and insert it into the prefix tree. Instead of inserting records into a B+-tree as they arrive  , they are organized in-memory into sorted runs. The first technique stores the records lazily in a B+-tree file organization clustered by the specified key  , and is based on external merge-sort. If the database contains data structures other than Btrees   , those structures can be treated similar to B-tree root nodes. It may be worth to point out  , however  , that prior research has suggested employing B-tree structures even for somewhat surprising purposes  , e.g. , for run files in external merge sort G 03. We note that the depth first traverse of the DOM tree generally matches the same sequence of the nodes appearing in the webpage. First  , we sort the candidate nodes by their positions in the depth first search of the DOM tree. If the first triple pattern in this list has only one join variable  , we pick this join variable as the root of the tree embedded on the graph Gjvar as described before. Tree root selection: After initialization  , in a join query with n triple patterns  , we sort all the triple patterns first in the order of increasing number of triples associated with them. Query compilation produces a single query plan for both relational and XML data accesses  , and the overall query tree is optimized as a whole. So  , it works well in situations that follow the " build once  , mine many " principle e.g. , interactive mining  , but its efficiency for incremental mining where the database is changed frequently is unclear. For these kinds of data  , it is in general not advisable or even not possible to apply classical sort-based bulk loading where first  , the data set is sorted and second  , the tree is built in a bottom-up fashion. We are primarily interested in creating indexes from non-traditional index structures which are suitable for managing multidimensional data  , spatial data or metric data. Bulk loading of a B+-tree first sorts the data and then builds the index in a bottom-up fashion. Sort-based bulk loading is a well established technique since it is used in commercial database systems for creating B+-trees from scratch. Due to its enhanced query planner  , the tree-aware instance relies on operators to evaluate XPath location steps  , while the original instance will fall back to sort and index nested-loop join. Hooks are installed in both back-ends to generate a graphical presentation of the chosen query plans much like in Figure 3. Each disk drive has an embedded SCSI controller which provides a 45K byte RAM buffer that acts as a disk cache on read operations. These services include structured sequential files  , B' tree indices  , byte stream files as in UNIX  , long data items  , a sort utility  , a scan mechanism  , and concurrency control based on file and page lock- ing. This chaining method passes label information between classifiers  , allowing CC to take into account label correlations and thus overcoming the label independence problem. It sort of builds a binary tree  , where each link in the chain is extended with a 0 or 1 label association. In addition to changes in the item ordering  , incremental updating may also lead to the introduction of new items in the tree. This can be computationally intensive because the bubble sort needs to  apply to all the branches affected by the change in item fre- quency. While performing the pruning step as elaborated before  , we use some simple statistical optimization techniques. Join indexes can now be fully described. To perform searches using the sort key  , one uses the latter B-tree to find the storage keys of interest  , and then uses the former collection of Btrees to find the other fields in the record. This is confirmed in the corresponding reduced plan diagram where the footprints disappear. The reason for this behavior is that both plans are of roughly equal cost  , with the difference being that in plan P2  , the SUPPLIER relation participates in a sort-mergejoin at the top of the plan tree  , whereas in P7  , the hash-join operator is used instead at the same location. Kl'I'S83  , on the ollwr hand  , concentrates on the speed of the sort-engine and no1 the overall performance of the Grace hash-join algot-ithm. First  , in GOODXl  , it is hard to factor out the infu encc of the X-tree architecture and the parallel readout disks on the results ohtaincd. Then the Hilbert value ranges delineated by successive pairs of end marker values in the sorted list have the prop erty that they are fully contained within one block at each level of each participating tree. We sort the full set Of 6Qj F values and delete any duplicates. The human may set goals into the autonomous system  , and then later be called on to enter tasks to help the system reach either cognitive or manipulation subgoals. For multidimensional index structures like R-trees  , the question arises what kind of ordering results in the tree with best search performance. Assuming that an appropriate ordering exists  , sort-based bulk loading is not limited to one-dimensional index structures  , but can also be applied to OP-trees  , since OP-trees support insertions of entire trees. STON89 describes how the XPRS project plans on utilizing parallelism in a shared-memory database machine. File services in Gamma are based on the Wisconsin Storage System WiSS CHOUSS . However  , since the focus of this research is on write-optimized B-trees  , we do not pursue the topic further. The groups of hits were ranked based on the Panoptic rank of their top document; the Panoptic ranks were also used to sort hits within each group. The experimental or hierarchic interface  , depicted in Figure 2and described in Box 1  , grouped the search results based on c ommonality of URL parts sub-domain and path and displayed them in a one level tree. However  , if segmentation is performed separately after Kd-tree search finishes  , additional time is required to sort the data points whose computational time is ether ON  or OK log K where K is the number of the data points found within the hyper-sphere. After finding all the data points within the hypersphere   , these points have to be grouped into segments. At each level of this hierarchy   , only a single B+-tree exists unless a merge is currently performed   , which creates temporary trees. In terms of this approach  , LHAM can be considered to perform a 2-way merge sort whenever data is migrated to the next of Ii components in the LHAM storage hierarchy. The functions insert and insert-inv receives the " abstract " bodies defined there. o if QUEUE is fully abstract not implemented  , this means that its sort of interest queue is implemented as a derived type of tree  , as indicated in section 3. For example  , AlphaSort 18  , a shared-memory based parallel external sort  , uses quicksort as the sequential sorting kernel and a replacement-selection tree to merge the sorted subsets. The multi-stage approach used in our implementation is similar to the one used in parallel disk-based sorts 1 in our case  , the external storage is the off-chip main-memory  , not disk. The services provided by WiSS include sequential files  , byte-stream files as in UNIX  , B+ tree indices  , long data items  , an external sort utility  , and a scan mechanism. File services in NOSE are based on the Wisconsin Storage System WiSS CDKK85. Then  , it analyzes the available indexes and returns one or more candidate physical plans for the input sub-query. For each request see Figure 2  , an access path generation module first identifies the columns that occur in sargable predicates  , the columns that are part of a sort requirement   , and the columns that are additionally referenced in complex predicates or upwards in the query tree. After we sort the succeeding samples at each node in the tree  , the last several branches are likely to be pruned by strategy 3 because they contain only those samples that have the least increase in coverage. As mentioned earlier  , pruning strategy 2 can improve the efficiency of pruning strategy 3. For a particular class of star join queries  , the authors investigate the usage of sort-merge joins and a set of other heuristic op- timizations. The paper considers a star schema with UB-Tree organized fact tables and dimension tables stored sorted on a composite surrogate key. We can see that subsets having larger coverage are searched first in this case. We sort  , in descending order  , the samples in rSample based on their scores so that in the sub-tree of node cSample = {s 1   , s 2 }  , sample s 4 and s 5 will be added first followed by s 3 and s 6 . During the optimization of a single query  , the optimizer issues several access path requests henceforth called index requests  , or simply requests for different subqueries . In the context of non-traditional index structures  , the method of bulk loading also has a serious impact on the search quality of the index. Different maximal OTSP sets are incorporated in different branches of the tree. The idea is to force relationships between pairs of nodes until G becomes a complete set  , i.e. , ∀ nodes x  , y ∈ G and for any predicate p  , either px  , y or ¬px  , y holds in G. In particular  , all nodes in a maximal OTSP sets are totally ordered using a topological sort. Next  , a top-down pass is made so that required order properties req are propagated downwards from the root of the tree. Observe that new required order properties are generated by:  NOP if its child is a Sort operator i.e. , if the original query includes an Order By clause  ,  Group and Unique which require inputs to be grouped on the grouping attributes  ,  Join operators  , each of which splits any required order property it inherits into separate required order properties for its child nodes according to the rules of A curious pattern  , similar to footprints on the beach  , shows up in Figure 9  , obtained with Q7 on the OptA optimizer  , where we see plan P7 exhibiting a thin cadet-blue broken curved pattern in the middle of plan P2's orange region . For example  , with reference to Figure 2: if the cursor lies within the framed region  , then an R command will replace Figure 2with Figure 1; if the cursor is outside the framed region  , then an R command with replace Figure 2with "queen problem" The D command allows the cursor to go beyond the boundary of the current abstraction  , a sort of return command for an abstraction. Let us point ont that the R command can help a programmer to freely inspect a n d / o r amend various parts of his program without carefully planning an ordered tree traversal. In a data warehouse environment where the dimensions are quite different and hence it may be difficult to come up with a well-defined Hilbert-value it might still be better to select a dimension and to sort the data according to this dimension KR 98. Other experiments DKL+ 94 revealed that the search performance of the R-trees built by using Hilbert-ordering is inferior to the search performance of the R*-tree BKSS 90 when the records are inserted one by one. A sequential file is a sequence of records that may vary in length up to one page and that may be inserted and deleted at arbitrary locations within a file  , Optionally  , each file may have one or more associated indices that map key values to the record identifiers of the records in the file that contain a matching value. The services provided by WiSS include sequential files  , bytestream files as in UNIX  , Bt tree indices  , long data items  , an external sort utility  , and a scan mechanism. Hence  , replacement selection creates only half as many runs as Quicksort . wire as long as the runs generated with Quicksort. When using quicksort  , adjustments can only be done when a run has been finished and output. For the run formation phase  , they considered quicksort and replacement selection.   , for which the quicksort computation requires a number of steps proportional to n 2   , highlighting the worst-case On 2  complexity of quicksort. . Either Quicksort or List/Merge should be used. P ,. Quicksort therefore has a much shorter split phase than rep1 1  , which more than offsets the longer merge phase that results from the larger number of runs that Quicksort generates . In contrast  , Quicksort writes out an entire run each time  , thus producing considerably fewer random I/OS. Similar observations about the relative trade-offs between Quicksort and rep1 1 were made in Grae90  , DeWi911. In any modern functional language a similar definition of quicksort can be given by the use of let-expressions with patterns. As a first example consider the subsequent obvious specification of quicksort with conditional equations. it works for any unordered data structure. We believe the advantages that the PREDATOR quicksort demonstrates over the B SD quicksort are: q The PREDATOR version is generic  , i.e. Then the sorted relations are merged and the matching tuples are output. quicksort. Modifying and debugging BSD quicksort is nontrivial. it is quite difficult to understand. two common in-memory sorting methods that are used for the split phase. We studied Quicksort and replacemcnt sclcction. This could significantly shorten the merge phase that follows . sorting is usually not carried out on the actual tuples. If the external ' To implement Quicksort efficiently. First  , both relations R and S are sorted on the join attribute by using an efficient sorting mechanism e.g. For many applications  , building the bounding representation can be performed as a precomputation step. A close analogy can be drawn between the relative benefits of quicksort  , which has worst case O  n 2  performance  , versus merge sort  , which has worst case On1ogn; quicksort is preferred for its faster expected execution time. This is due to the start-up costs associated with the segmentation and could be reduced even further with improvements to the PREDATOR optimizer. Besides consistently producing response times that are at least as fast as Quicksort  , replacement selection with block writes also makes external sorts more responsive  , compared to Quicksort  , in releasing memory when required to do so. Our results also showed that replacement selection with block writes is the preferred inmemory sorting method. Since our technique tests the computational complexity of a program unit  , we call it a technique for computational complexity testing  , or simply complexity testing. , for which the quicksort computation requires a number of steps proportional to n 2   , highlighting the worst-case On 2  complexity of quicksort. With Quicksort  , there is a cycle of reading several pages from the source relation  , sorting them  , and then writing them to disk. Although replacement selection can shorten the merge phase  , it is not always preferable to Quicksort because replacement s&&on can also lead to a longer split phase Grae90  , DeWi911. Overall  , our results indicate that the combination of dynamic splitting and replacement selection with block writes enables external sorts to deal effectively with memory fluctuations. The <version definition > describes the versions a building block A belongs to. Examples: VERS = 1: {Speed = {High  , Low}}; VERS = 1: {Kind = QuickSort}; The five sorts are: Straight insertion  , Quicksort  , Heapsort  , List/Merge sort and Distribution Counting sort. Their characteristics are given by Table 2. We note that in our setting  , we do not ask directly for rankings because the increased complexity in the task both increases noise in response and interferes with the fast-paced excitement of the game. run quicksort for each user. This choice of segmentation is particularly appropriate because quicksort frequently swaps data records. The second was a segmented record data structure: the primary segment simply contains a pointer to the secondary segmen~ which contains the data fields. Proceedings of the 23rd VLDB Conference Athens  , Greece  , 1997 Pang  , Carey and Livny PCL93a  first studied dynamic memory adjustment for sorting and proposed memory adjustment strategies for external mergesort. Generating Test Cases Based on the Input. In going from input to output we use a simple bucket sort  , while in going from output to input we use a technique structurally similar to Quicksort. In this section we will focus on three sources from which equations with extra variables can arise and on how CEC deals with these cases. When using replacement selection   , memory adjustments can be done by expanding orshrinking the selection heap. We give examples of both ways of generating the test eases. The termination of the above definition of quicksort can be verified using termination proof methods based on simplification orderings. Completion in CEC  , however  , in addition to make rewriting confluent  , establishes completeness of this efficient operational semantics for quasireductive equations. CEC supports two such methods  , polynomial interpretations and recursive path decomposition orderings. Our branch policy requires that  , whenever feasible   , each element must be less than the pivot when compared . Similarly  , WISE highlights the On 2  worst-case of Quicksort  , while the average-case complexity is only On log n. In a segmented implementation  , a record swap operation translates to a pointer swap operation whose time cost is independent of record size. The merge phase consists of one or more merge steps  , each of which combines a number of runs into a single  , longer run. The first data structure was an array  , the data structure used by B SD quicksort. Sorting was performed in-place on pointers to tuples using quicksort Hoa62. In the graphs below we assume a disk transfer rate of 1.5 MB/set  , as in SAG96  , AAD+96. In the example  , if we had defined the nonreflexive " less than " -relation < on integers and passed this to quicksort  , the violation of the reflexivity constraint for =< in totalorder would have been indicated immediately: After renaming =< into < and the sort elem into int the specification of quicksort as given in example 2.3 combined with the above specification is inconsistent because the two axioms n < 0 = false and el < el = true imply false = 0 < 0 = true which is an equation between two constructor terms. We have made the experience that if there exists such an inconsistency   , it shows up quickly during an attempt to complete the combination. This inconsistency will be encount ,ercd during complet.ion. Let-expressions with patterns are a specific form of conditional equations with extra variables which the CEC-system is able to support efficiently. Subsequent iterations operate on the cached data  , causing no additional cache misses. The step in the L2 misses-curve depicts the effect of caching on repeated sequential access: Tables that fit into the cache have to be loaded only once during the top-level iteration of quicksort . Discrete transitions are generally used when trying to convey an intuition about the overall behavior of a program in a context where the changes can be easily grasped; BALSAS visualization of the QuickSort  , in which each discrete change shows the results after each partitioning step  , may be cited as an example. Visual events involve both discrete and continuous changes in the graphical representation. All subsequent passes of external sort are merge passes. Pass zero of the standard external sort routine reads in b pages of the data  , sorts the records across those b pages say  , using quicksort   , and writes the b sorted pages out as a b-length sorted run. Although in the existing literature BUC-based methods have been shown to degrade in high skew values  , we have confirmed the remark of others 2 that using CountingSort instead of QuickSort for tuple sorting is very helpful. In this experiment we have set D=8  , T=500 ,000  , and C i =T/i  , while varying Z from 0 uniform distribution  to 2. Moreover note that in low Z values the cube is sparse  , which generates many TTs decreasing the size of CURE and BU-BST. The constant 1.2 is the proportionality constant for a well engineered implementation of the quicksort. For the step a  , we can write t  , = ct  , + wt  , + 1.2 vlogv wstcs which accounts for reading all the documents in the collection   , parsing all the words  , and sorting the vocabulary to generate a perfect hash. Qrtickvort and replacement selection are two in-memory sorting methods that arc commonly used in external sorts. Whether the original replacement selection  , Quicksort  , or replacement selection with block writes is preferable depends not only on the hardware characteristics of the system  , but also on memory allocation and the size of the relation to be sorted. Thus  , the value of N has to reflect a compromise between reducing disk head movements and increasing the average length of the sorted runs. 'l%c second sorting method  , replacement selection  , works as li~llows: Pages of the source relation are fetched  , and the tuples in these pages arc copied into an ordered heap data structure. Quicksort produces runs that ;Irc as large as the memory that is allocated for the split phase. A nice discussion of the details involved in implementing rcplaccment sclccction can be found in Salz90. We will use the attributes to ensure that the output string is of a given length and that the elements are sorted. Our method bears a structural similarity.to Quicksort  , the output string being represented by the context-free grammar: 1. sort_output ::= empty I sort_output "element" sort_output. Basing our method on the output  , we will generate a sorted list of N numbers for the output file  , scattering these numbers in the input file as we go along. When there are many tuples in memory  , this may result in considerable delays. In the case of typical implementations of Quicksort  , all of the tuples in memory have to be sorted and written out as a new run before a page can be released'. The performance results for the two in-memory sorting methods  , Quicksort quick and replacement selection with block writes repl6. In particular  , they account for the 12~second hike in page's response time  , from an average of 410 seconds in Figure 7to an average of 530 seconds here  , compared to the smaller 65-second increase in the case of split. The method however relies on a recursive partitioning of the data set into two as it is known from Quicksort. The sample is basically used for computing the skeleton of a kd-tree that is kept as an index in an internal node of the index structure as it is known from the X-tree BKK 96. Only the start-up overhead of about 100 TLB misses is not covered  , but this is negligible. This is due to the large number of random I/OS that repf 1 produces  , as the external sort alternates between reading a relation page and writing a page to tbe output run. By writing multiple pages instead of only a single page each time as in repf I  , rep1 6 is able to sigtificantly reduce tbe number of disk seeks in replacement selection  , bringing the duration of its split phase much closer to that of quick. The only exceptions occur when quick is used in conjunction with susp  , which produces the worst response times. Due to the much longer split-phase durations that result from excessive disk seeks  , as seen in Section 5.1  , replacement selection repll is almost always slower than Quicksort quick and replacement selection with block writes repl6. Compared with On in absolute judgment  , this is still not affordable for assessors. Nir Ailon 1 proposed a formal pairwise method based on QuickSort which can reduce the number of preference judgments from On 2  to On log n. Continuous transitions are preferable to illustrate small steps and when the nature of the state change must be explained to the viewer. Traditional expectation-based parsers rely heavily on slot restrictions-rules about what semantic classes of words or concepts can fill particular slots in the case frames. Expectations associated with that word would search for modifiers like "probabilistic" and for the entity being analyzed "Quicksort"  , as well as looking for other components that are not present in this particular piece of text  , While being guided by the expectation-based model laid out above  , we plan to depart from it in several ways. Compared with QuickSort strategy adopted by Nir Ailon 1 for preference judgment  , our top-k labeling strategy significantly reduces the complexity from On log n to On log k  , where usually k n. The judgment complexity of our strategy is nearly comparable with that of the absolute judgment i.e. Therefore  , the total judgment complexity of top-k labeling strategy is about On log k. For instance  , if ADRENAL were seeking documents in response to the example query on Quicksort see Section 2.1 a sentence containing the words "statistical" and "divide" would be an excellent choice for parsing  , to distinguish good matches like "..the statistical properties of techniques that divide a problem into smaller.." from bad matches  , such as "..we divide up AI learning methods into three classes: statistical ,..". The sections of a document to be parsed are chosen based on their potential for producing REST frames that could be usefully matched with the representation of the query. Simulated Annealing: Guided evolutionary simulated annealing GESA 19 combines simulated annealing and simulated evolution in a novel way. First  , out of all the children in a family  , the child with the best performance value will be selected. As compared with gradient-based or conjugate-type search  , simulated annealing can escape local minimum points 12. Extension of the simulated annealing technique include the mean field annealing 13 and the tree annealing 1141. Simulated annealing takes a fixed number R of rounds to explore the solution space. We obtain an approximate solution to the problem using simulated annealing 22  , 23. 's simulated annealing solver. 24 simulator  , using GraspIt! It has been applied to a variety of optimization problems. However  , we found that SEESAW ran much faster and produced results with far less variance than simulated annealing. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , application of simulated annealing to disambiguate overlapping shapes is a novel contribution. Carnevali  , et al. , 2   , applied simulated annealing to construct an image from known sets of shapes in the presence of noise. Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. In the next part  , this solution is forwarded to the simulated annealing procedure with parameters: T = 5800  , α = 0.6  , I max = 10. 3Table 4 : Example parameters for simulated annealing applied to the data point disambiguation prob- lem. Fig. The result is the modified assignment: Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. There are very few known constructions for mixed-level covering arrays. For these arrays  , simulated annealing finds an optimal solution. The situation can be improved by solving TSP strictly. The solution using a Simulated Annealing method is sub-optimum. The remaining query-independent features are optimised using FLOE 18. Field-based models are trained through simulated annealing 23. 6  , a path that avoids obstacles can be generated. Applying the method of simulated annealing can be time consuming. c Potential field at low output T= 1. 7 introduced "simulated annealing" principle to a multi-layered search for the global maximum. More recently  , Deutscher et ai. Table 5gives the overall results of these experiments using an annealing constant of 0.4 and 10k iterations. The results are compared to non-annealing methods and their effectiveness was demonstrated. To find a near-optimal solution  , we employed the simulated annealing method which has been shown effective for solving combinatorial optimization problems. It was shown that the perfomance of simulated annealing using the metric developed in this paper performs better than with another cost function which seeks to maximize the number of overlapping modules. The method of simulated annealing was used with this metric as the energy function for two sets of initial and final configurations one simply connected and one containing a loop. Simulated annealing2 is a stochastic optimization technique that enables one to find 'low cost' configuration without getting trapped by the 'high cost' local minima. In order to solve this problem  , we choose to use the simulated annealing SA2 method. we continued to extend the optimization procedure  , including a version of simulated annealing. email sw@microsoft.com 1 Now the University o f W estminster. Simulated anneahng has been used m a variety of apphcation areas to good effect Klrkpatrlck 83. They found that annealing produced good results but was computatlona.lly expensive. 15 proposed a simulated annealing approach to obtain optimal measurement pose set for robot calibration. 319- index for all the possible pose sets  , Zhuang et al. They defined an observability index  , e.g. This is due to the fact that the Simulated Annealing method is a stochastic approach. But they are not consecutive  , and with a second resolution  , the problem disappears. This method is able to search the solution space and find a good solution for the problem. We thus use simulated annealing 10  , a global optimization method. In each round a random successor of the current solution is looked at. A brute force approach will not work because the number of possible solutions grows exponentially. proposed a simulated annealing approach with several heuristics 9  , and Mathioudakis et al. Besides the above heuristics using greedy approach  , Jiang et al. function based on this metric to zero. In section 4  , the method of simulated annealing is used to drive the cost. Table 2lists the obtained space and performance figures. Solutions for the SB approach were obtained running simulated annealing for R = 50  , 000 rounds. where the parameter T corresponds to artificial temperature in the simulated annealing method. Construction of more complex structure will be addressed in future studies. The constraints used were similarity in image intensity and smoothness in disparity . Barnard 3 presented a stochastic optimization technique  , simulated annealing  , to fuse a pair of stereo images. In all our experiments  , the term frequency normalisation parameters are optimised using Simulated Annealing 15. We then swap the training and testing queries and repeat the experiments. Simulated annealing SA is implemented to optimize the global score S in Equation 1. The optimal threshold is 0.09 from the experiment. Standard weighting models and term dependence models are deployed with their commonly suggested parameter settings in the literature . Simulated Annealing devised by Kirkpatrick  , et. Furthermore  , the time-varying nature of the current problem prohibits one from formulating an adequate cost function. The candidate of route is generated randomly. The simulated annealing method is used in order not to be trapped into a bad local optimum. By decreasing T gradually  , units tries possible reachable positions uniformly in earlier steps. We take mean field annealing approach MFA  , which is a deterministic approach and requires much less computational complexity than simulated annealing  , to locate the constrained global optimal solution. In this paper  , we model target boundary as a global contour energy minimum under a constraint of region features. This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. Computational search techniques to find fixed level covering arrays include standard techniques such as hill climbing and simulated annealing. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. requirements engineering 12 but most often in the field of software testing 1 . The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. dynamic programming  , greedy  , simulated annealing  , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 22. Analogously  , for the SB approach the parameter κ  , as an upper-bound on the allowed space blowup  , was varied between 1.0 and 3.0. In this study  , maximizing L is equivalent to minimizing  In theory  , simulated annealing can find the global optimal solution that can maximize the function value by promising a proper probability. However  , practical difficulties arise in two aspects. In principle  , the sub-optimal task sequence planning can be implemented by integrating the computation of the step motion times with simulated annealing. Table 8compares results for some fixed level arrays reported in 22 . Simulated annealing consistently does as well or better than hill climbing  , so we report only those results for the next two tables. We apply simulated annealing SA in order to resolve individual data points within a region of overlap. Overlapping data points occur frequently in 2-D plots and identifying each individual data point and its coordinates is a difficult task. Second  , Simulated Annealing SA starts at a random state and proceeds by random moves  , which if uphill  , are only accepted with certain probability. Its output at the end is the least cost local minimum that has been visited. Techniques like simulated annealing  , the AB technique Swly93  , and iterative improvement will be essential. there are so many parallel alternatives  , you will need efficient ways to prune the unreasonable choices quickly. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9. Thus  , the choice of the optimal feature sets may require a preliminary feature construction phase. With the same objective  , genetic search strategies Goldberg891 can be applied to query optimization  , as a generalization of randomized ones EibengOl. Examples of such strategies are simulated-annealing Ioannidis871 and iterative- improvement Swami88. Thus  , a deformation that increases the objective function is sometimes generated  , which improves the performance of optimization. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. Simulated annealing is a capable of crossing local minima and locating the global minimum 6. We plan to study this possibility in future work. As suggested by one reviewer  , local optimum can be escaped by introducing stochastic elements to this greedy heuristic or by using Simulated annealing. On comparison with the simulated annealing method used in a prior publications 16  , we found that seesawing between {Low  , High} values was adequate for our purposes. We have conducted experiments with other approaches that allow intermediate values. To get around this inter-dcpcndency problem  , we can decompose the problem into two parts and take an itcrativc approach. Simulated annealing can be helpful to address very large size problems or optimize response times directly WolfM. Simulated Annealing the system has frozen. This has been estimated as cardphyEnt * k factor k has been proposed to be equal to 1 in Table 2: Extensibility Primitives for implementing randomized and genetic strategies 4.2.2. In this method  , the TSP was solved as a sub-optimal exploration path by using a Simulated Annealing method SI. The path generation problem can be modeled as the Traveling Salesman Problem TSP SI. A hybrid methodology that uses simulated annealing and Lagrangian relaxation has recently been developed to handle the set-up problem in systems with three or more job classes ll. The method needs to be extended to a multiclass system. If the increment of a joint angle between its start and goal is large enough so that As the temperature is slowly lowered the simplex crawls out of local minima and converges upon the global minimum. There are many different schemes for choosing Δλ. Of course  , in many cases constructions are not known or may not exist such as is true in the last two entries of this table. In order to investigate larger spaces  , randomized search strategies have been proposed to improve a start solution until obtaining a local optimum. A combination of the downhill simplex method and simulated annealing 9 was used. Thus  , we use an optimization method based on the downhill simplex method 9  , which is a kind of direct search method. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. Since there is no guarantee of a unique extremum in the cost function   , a method like simulated annealing can be used to optimize the cost function 22. Otherwise  , a numerical method is necessary. al  , 1983  has been shown effective in solving large combinato enable transitions from the local minima to higher energy states and then to the minimum in a broader area  , a statistical approach was introduced. Even thouglh simulated annealing is a very powerful technique  , it has the uncertainties associated with a randomized approach. Since the configuration has to remain connected at all times  , reconfiguration in this case involves overcoming 'deep' local minima. Since softassign determines the correspondence between data sets  , the exact correspondences are not needed in advance. The rate at which the correspondences are tightened is controlled by a simulated annealing schedule. Essentially local techniques such as gradient descent  , the simplex method and simulated annealing are not well suited to such landscapes. There are often several distinct valleys as occlusion and accessibility constraints can cut the scene in two. Further more  , literature on this method doesn't mention any restriction about its use. We don't find iliis property in other methods such as Simulated Annealing 1  , Tabou research  , or local search. Perhaps a non-gradient-based global approach  , such as a genetic or simulated annealing technique might be more appropriate to this problem. The optimizer struggled with these on occasion. A high sparseness parameter leads to rules that have a few large and many small but non-zero coefficients. Of course  , one can utilize simulated annealing or any other global optimization strategy as well. Association discovery is a fundamental data mining task. This property opens the way to randomized search e.g. , simulated annealing  , which should improve the quality of models selected by LLA procedures. Simulated annealing has been used by Nurmela and¨Ostergård and¨ and¨Ostergård 18  , to construct covering designs which have a structure very similar to covering arrays. For a table of known upper bounds for Ø ¾ see 22. While our techniques are fully general  , we have emphasized the fixed level cases in our reporting so that we can make comparisons with results in the literature. The simulated annealing program is based on that of 18. Randomized strategies do not  , guarantee that the best solution is obtained  , but avoid the high cost of optimization. Examples of such strategies are Simulated Annealing SA IC91 and Iterative Improvement II Sw89 . In all experiments  , TSA yields the best optimization/execution cost  , ratio. The major contribution of this paper is an extension of SA called Toured Simulated Annealing TSA  , to better deal with parallel query optimization. The method of simulated annealing provides suck a technique of avoiding local minima. This prompts a need to develop a technique to escape from local minima through tunnelling or hill-climbing. First  , we introduce some additional notation to be used in this section: T start denotes the initial temperature parameter in simulated annealing  , f T < 1 denotes the multiplicative factor by which the temperature goes down every I T iterations and N is the number of samples drawn from the stationary distribution. In this section  , we present experimental results on simulated datasets  , a microarray gene expression dataset and a movie recommendation dataset.  Query term distribution and term dependence are two similar features that rely on the difference of the query term distributions between the the homepage collection and the content-page collection. The ratio for a navigational query bestbuy is 3.3  , which is smaller than that of simulated annealing. All of these lechniques musl  , lo be successful  , must outperform exhaustive search optimiJalion above 10 01 15 way joins in selecting access paths while Hill being within a few percent of the optimal plan. Changes in the robot's base position to the left  , right or back did not notably increase the overall grasp quality in that setup. The information about the grasp quality was delivered from ROS' own grasp planning tool  , which uses a simulated annealing optimization to search for gripper poses relative to the object or cluster 27. Relationship between the number of AGV and average of duality gap route for the entire AGV is always generated taking the entire AGV into account. Others like 6 proposes a rule-based on-line scheduling system for an FMS that generates appropriate priority rules to select a transition to be fired from a set of conflicting transitions. Another work aksolves this problem based on the simulated annealing to technique obtain a modified schedule by rescheduling. Other important questions in this context that need to be explored are: How to choose classes ? The correspondences are loosely enforced initially and refined as the iterations proceed so that  , upon convergence  , each point on one surface has a single corresponding point on the other surface . This is unlike simulated annealing or MaxWalkSat  , which simultaneously offer settings to all features at every step of their reasoning. SEESAW incrementally grows solutions from unconstrained where all features can take any value in {Low  , High} to fully constrained where all features are set to a single value. However the substantial time required and perhaps the complexity of implementing such methods has led to the widespread use of simpler heuristics  , such as hill-climbing 8 and greedy methods. If the size of the test suite is the overriding concern  , simulated annealing or tabu search often yields the best results . The key to using simulated annealing to compute something useful is to get the energy mini- mization function to correspond to some important relationship  , for example  , the closeness of For the purposes of this paper we will give exampIes from the medium-sized AI tools knowledge base. 'l In order to generate a path that could avoid obstacles  , we set the path length that is overlapped by obstacle as infinite. Additionally  , because of the initially high control parameter value analogous to temperature in the simulated annealing dynamics of GESA  , a poorly performing child can succeed the parent of its family in the initial stages  , thus enabling escape from local minimum traps. At the same time  , it preserves some diversity as a hedge. The simulated annealing method has been used in many applications; TSP  , circuit design  , assembly design as well as manufacturing problems  , for example  , for lot size and inventory control Salomon  , et. However  , the initial state is not meaningful and does not affect the result Laarhoven ans Aarts  , 19871. This is because if there is a move possible which reduces energy   , simulated annealing will always choose that and in that case the value of the ratio AEIT does not influence the result. Another observation was that the initial temperature had no noticeable effect when the optimal assignment metric is used as the energy function. We then illustrate how this metric is applied to the motion planning/selfreconfiguration of metamorphic robotic systems. Further  , they propose the use of simulated annealing to attempt to solve the reconfiguration problem. In 4 and 5  , Pamecha and Chirikjian examine the theoretic bounds of reconfiguration on such a system  , including the upper and lower bounds on the minimum number of moves required for reconfiguration. For this project  , we have used a different approach  , which is to seed the search space with many guesses  , taking the best one the smallest average distance error  , and running it to minimization. In previous work  , we used a simulated annealing method to find the local minimum 9. Variation of iterations The impact of a duplication of the number of performed iterations is relatively small and very much depends on the type of investigated graph G. Further information is given in the appendix. Note that if one wants to avoid setting p at all  , one may resort to Simulated Annealing. Instead of using probability to decide on a move when the cost is higher  , a worse feasible solution is chosen if the cost is less than the current threshold 1 . These follow a strategy similar to simulated annealing but often display more rapid convergence. We employ simulated annealing  , a stochastic optimization method to segregate these shapes and find the method to be fairly accurate. To extract data precisely from figures in digital documents  , one must segregate the overlapping shapes and identify the shape and the center of mass of each overlapping data point. Figure 7 shows the result of simulated annealing in trajectory planning when applied to the example in figure 6d. Thus  , the gradual shaping of the collision regions can be achieved by the decrease of the output temperature T starting from a high value. They are difficult to initialize owing to the wide forbidden regions  , and apt to fall into poor local minima and then waste a lot of time locating them very precisely. Planning of motion has exploited the strength of simulated annealing 15  , distributed approaches 13 ,16-171  , closed-chain reconfiguration  181 and multi-layered solvers  10 ,12 ,19. In the literature  , several approaches have been proposed to discover the associations between the task described in the operational space and the corresponding actions to be carried out simultaneously in the cell level. are used with simulated annealing where C denotes the current configuration of the robot and F denotes the final configuration desired. Second  , the metric defined using concepts of optimal assignment developed in Sections 3 and 4 applied to the current and final configurations is an energy function : First  , the difference of the number of modules and the number of overlapping modules of any two configurations with the same number of modules defined as overlap metric in Section 3 is considered. As a result  , it is best suited for performing; a number of off line simulations and then using the best one out of those to reconfigure the robot instead of real time application. In this paper we define a useful metric which is one of many possibtle measures of distance between configurations of a metamorphic system. However   , our method is not time-consuming and experimental results show that we always get a correct minimum in a low number of iterations. Unlike stochastic relaxakion methods such as simulated annealing  , we cannot ensure that the global minimum of the function is reached. The difficulty is that in a complex image context  , the target boundary is usually a global energy minimum under certain constraints for instance  , constraints of target object interior characteristics instead of the actual global energy minimum contour. The second category of DCMs model target boundary as global energy minimum 10 11 and take global optimization approaches specifically simulated annealing to locate them. Moreover  , it is worth noticing that  , since the search strategy and the application context are independent from each other  , it is possible to easily re-use and experiment strategies developed in other disciplines  , e.g. To avoid this  , in our first tests on the first two benchmarks   , we applied a simulated annealing based 10 optimization method  , which optimized the parameters of the underlying learning method. In the field of machine learning  , determining the hyperparameters of a learning method is important and if they are improperly chosen these parameters can induce a poor performance. Additionally  , contrary to classical approaches in statistics that rather assess the modification of two nested models  , Chordalysis-Mml can assess models in isolation. The technique proposed assumes the parameter space to be discrete and runs the randomized query optimizer for each point in the parameter space. INSS92 presents a randomized approach – based on iterative improvement and simulated annealing techniques – for parametric query optimization with memory as a parameter. Once the optimization procedure has selected a dig  , it can be mapped back to the joints of the excavator. In simulated annealing  , the current state may be replaced by a successor with a lower quality. If the objective function value of the successor MP C  is lower than that of the current best partition MP C  , we move to the successor with a Kuo and Chen propose an approach that utilizes a controlled vocabulary from cross-document co-reference chains for event clus- tering 17  , 18. The other method defines a global score function over the whole collection and solves the optimization problem with simulated annealing. In this paper  , we present a stochastic search technique using simulated annealing to solve the machine loading problem in FAS. , n. A product i requires at most m operations in order to produce final product and there are precedence constraints between operations. Our method gives feasible solution by judicious choice of parameters and outperforms the method proposed by Lashkari 5  , in terms of the quality of the optimal solution. Another difficult issue only briefly mentioned in our previous presentation  , was the constraint that the robots had to end up in specific locations. Figure 4illustrates CSSA for the case where the user requires the best K solutions exceeding the similarity specified by target. Configuration similarity simulated annealing CSSA  , based on 215  , performs random walks just like iterative improvement Figure 3Parameter tuning for GCSA but in addition to uphill  , it also accepts downhill moves with a certain probability  , trying to avoid local maxima. However  , in challenging situations  , where a combination of region and image gradient information fails to accurately identify the target boundary  , those methods still tends to be trapped into undesired local energy minima. In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. There is a generator of random changes which is a procedure that takes a random step from λ to λ + Δλ. It has also been extended to allow partial coverage of the required skills  , introducing a multi-objective optimization problem that is optimized using simulated annealing 8 . This problem has been extended to cases in which potentially more than one member possessing each skill is required  , and where densitybased measures are used as objectives 9 ,15. It may also be undesirable that randomization without the use of stored seeds in these types of methods produce different results each time the method is used. See 8  , 25 for data on accuracy and execution time of simulated annealing and tabu search. Using a realistic application  , we measure the impact of parallelism on the optimization cost and the op- timization/execution cost trade-off using several combinations of search space and search strategy. Both the Mozer and the Bein and Smolensky models used a-constant link weight between terms and document$ CODEFINDER extends the model further by making use of inverse document frequency measures for link weights. This is similar to simulated annealing techniques 2. But the grasp quality increased by 32.5% when the robot's torso was driven to the " up " position from the initial pose. This problem is a very complex version of a traveling salesman problem TSP and is not easily solvable since even the ordinary TSP is hard to find the exact solution. In Section 4  , the time-suboptimal task sequence planning and time-efficient trajectory planning for two arms with free final configurations and unspecified terminal travelling time are integrated. Section 3 formulates the inspection task sequence planning as a variation of the TSP  , and simulated annealing 15  is introduced to find a timesuboptimal route. To establish the framework for modeling search strategies  , we view the query optimization problem as a search problem in the most general sense. In PT modification  , which occurs in randomized and genetic strategies  , states are complete IQ  , an action is a transform or a crossover method and the goal description involves a stop condition based on specific parameters of the search strategies e.g. , time constraint in iterative-improvement  , temperature in simulated-annealing or number of generations in genetic strategies. Experimental evaluation suggests that x 0 = 0.8 and a T 0 equal to the similarity of the initial solution  , is the best combination for the initial value of T. For decreasing the value of T  , we apply the common e.g. , 19 decrement rule: Thus  , the training time for the simulated annealing method can be greatly reduced. It was found experimentally that if the NN is trained once at a low temperature and the output temperature temperature of sigmoidal function of hidden layer is set to a high temperature T  , and then frozen down gradually   , the effects on the potential function are similar to the ones obtained by having trained the NN each time the temperature is reduced. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. , NDCG by using the Simulated Annealing which uses a modification of downhill Simplex method for the next candidate move to find the global min- imum. Some other approaches for directly optimizing IR measures use Genetic Programming 1  , 49 or approximate the IR measures with the functions that are easy-to-handle 44  , 12. This also happens to be the KB that we did more experiments on since it provided more complexity and more representative prob- lems. For example  , in both cases AEi is always negative for some move i  , until a local minima is reached and such minima are few in the complete reconfiguration of the robot from the initial to the final configuration. It deals effectively with path planning  , and incorporates the method of simulated annealing to avoid local minima regardless of domain dimension or complexity . Our path planning approach provides flexibility due to the automatic use of as many VPs as necessary based on the complexity of the planned path  , efficiency due to the use of the necessary via points for the path representation at all times  , and massive parallelism due to the parallel computation of individual VP motions with only local infonnation. This parameter selection approach can be viewed as a function minimizing method  , where the input of the objective function is the parameter of the underlying learner and the value of the function is the aggregated error of the underlying method on a fixed optimization set. A way to avoid local minima is the use of simulated annealing on the potential field representation of the obstacle regions: the potential field represents abstractly the obstacle region and  , as time goes by  , the representation becomes more accurate. However  , due to the representation of the collision function by a potential field  , path planning may stick into local minima as it is shown in figure 6 d where the obstacle regions are represented by two rectangular regions. The concept of building robots which are capable of changing their structure according to the needs of the prescribed task and the conditions of the environment has been inspired from the idea of forming topologically different objects with a single and massively interconnected system. In PT generation  , the initial state is constituted by the relations and predicates from the input query together with related schema information  , states are join nodes  , an action is an expand method and goal states are join nodes that correspond to complete PTs e.g. , j2 and j3 in Figure 1. Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. GGGP is an extension of genetic programming. The term "Genetic Programming" was first introduced by Koza 12 and it enables a computer to do useful things by automatic programming. The proposed approach provides the generation of the error recovery logic using a method called Genetic Programming GP. However  , whether the balance can be achieved by genetic programming used by GenProg has still been unknown so far. Compared to random search  , genetic programming used by GenProg can be regard as efficient only when the benefit in terms of early finding a valid patches with fewer number of patch trials  , brought by genetic programming  , has the ability of balancing the cost of fitness evaluations  , caused by genetic programming itself. The problems all shared a common set of primitives. We used strongly typed genetic programming Finally  , GGGP was applied to create reference models. The core of this engine is a machine learning technique called Genetic Programming GP. 10. Given a problem  , the basic idea behind genetic programming 18 is to generate increasingly better solutions of the given problem by applying a number of genetic operators to the current population . As we have formalized link specifications as trees  , we can use Genetic Programming GP to solve the problem of finding the most appropriate complex link specification for a given pair of knowledge bases. For simplification  , we can measure the efficiency of GenProg using the NTCE when a valid patch is found 39. Communication fitness for controller of Figure  93503 for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. In Section 2  , we provide background information on term-weighting components and genetic programming. This paper is organized as follows. l   , who used genetic programming to evolve control programs for modular robots consisting of sliding-style modules 2  , 81. al. Several program repair approaches assume the existence of program specification. We have compared our technique with genetic programming 2  , 6. First  , the initial population is generated  , and then genetic operators  , such as Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. One of the key problems of genetic programming is that it is a nondeterministic procedure. Genetic operators simulate natural selection mechanisms such as mutation and reproduction to enable the creation of individuals that best abide by a given fitness function. These primitives were d e signed to aid genetic programming in finding a solution and either encapsulated problem specific information or low-level information that was thought to be helpful for obtaining a solution. In addition  , gradient primitives   , shown to be effective for communication in modular robots We also gave the genetic programming runs additional primitives for each problem. In this paper  , however  , we plan to further investigate whether genetic programming used by GenProg has the better performance over random search  , when the actual evolutionary search has started to work. They doubted that the promising results may not be brought by genetic programming used by GenProg  , because the patch search problem can be easy when random search would have likely yielded similar results. Determining which information to add was the result of parallel attempts to examine the unsuccessful results produced by the genetic programming and attempts to hand code problem solutions. We defer discussing the possible reason to Section 6. Answer for RQ1: In our experiment  , for most programs 23/24  , random search used by RSRepair performs better in terms of requiring fewer patch trials to search a valid patch than genetic programming used by GenProg  , regardless of whether genetic programming really starts to work see Figure 1 or not. In this paper  , we try to investigate the two questions via the performance comparison between genetic programming and random search. Furthermore  , the question of whether the benefit brought by genetic programming can balance the cost caused by fitness evaluations is not addressed. One novel part of our work is that we use a Genetic Programming GP based technique called ARRANGER Automatic geneRation of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming to discover ranking functions automatically Fan 2003a. But most of those ranking functions are manually designed by experts based on heuristics  , experience  , observations  , and statistical theories. Ranking functions usually could not work consistently well under all situations. We compared EAGLE with its batch learning counterpart. In this paper we presented EAGLE  , an active learning approach for genetic programming that can learn highly accurate link specifications. Other researchers used classifier systems 17  or genetic programming paradigm 3  to approach the path planning problem. Both approaches assume a predefined map consisting of fixed knot points. RQ2 is designed to answer the question. proposed GenProg  , an automatic patch generation technique based on genetic programming. However  , we could not fully verify the qualifications of the survey participants.  In Section 3  , we present our Combined Component Approach for similarity calculation. Individuals in the new generation are produced based on those in the current one. Genetic Programming searches for the " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. 19  select ranking functions using genetic programming   , maximizing the average precision on the training data. As a follow-on to this work  , Lacerda et al. GP maintains a population of individual programs. Genetic programming GP is a computational method inspired by biological evolution  , which discovers computer programs tailored to a particular task 19. Individuals in a new generation are produced based on those in the previous one. Genetic Programming searches for an " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. The entity resolution ER problem see 14 ,3  for surveys shares many similarities with link discovery. Later  , approaches combining active learning and genetic programming for LD were developed 10 ,21. An individual represents a tentative solution for the target problem. In Genetic Programming  , a large number of individuals  , called a population  , are maintained at each generation. We are not surprised for this experimental results. Then  , why does genetic programming  , a fitness evaluation directed search  , perform worse than a purely random search in our experiment ? 17  propose matching ads with a function generated by learning the impact of individual features using genetic programming. A. Lacerda et al. This approach randomly mutates buggy programs to generate several program variants that are possible patch candidates. The 'Initial Repair' heading reports timing information for the genetic programming phase and does not include the time for repair minimization. Successful repairs were generated for each program. for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. collision avoidance as well as helping achieve the overall task. 7  proposed a new approach to automatically generate term weighting strategies for different contexts  , based on genetic programming GP. Fan et al. Interested readers can reference that paper or  The details of our system and methodology for Genetic Programming GP are discussed in our Robust track paper. Generate an initial population of random compositions of the functions and terminals of the problem solutions. Genetic programming uses four steps to solve problems: 1. GP is expansion of GA in order to treat structural representation. Genetic ProgrammingGP is the method of learning and inference using this tree-based representation". As our time and human resources were limited for taking two tasks simultaneously  , in this task we only concentrate on testing our ranking function discovery technique  , ARRANGER Automatic Rendering of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming Fan 2003a  , Fan 2003b  , which uses Genetic Programming GP to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for various information needs. We submitted results on both topic distillation and home page/named page finding tasks. Given the problem  , RQ1 asks whether genetic programming used by GenProg works well to benefit the generation of valid patches. Although some promising results for GenProg have been presented in some recent serial papers 40  , 23  , 21  , 38  , 10  , 22  , the problem of whether the promising results are got based on the guidance of genetic programming or just because the mutation operations are powerful enough to tolerate the inaccuracy of used fitness function has never been studied. Although promising results have been shown in their work  , the problem of whether the promising results are caused by genetic programming or just because the used mutation operations are very effective is still not be addressed. Both GenProg and Par use the same fault localization technique to locate faulty statements  , and genetic programming to guide the patch search  , but differ in the concrete mutation operations. Genetic Programming GP 14 is a Machine Learning ML technique that helps finding good answers to a given problem where the search space is very large and when there is more than one objective to be accomplished. Having this in mind  , we propose a genetic programmingbased approach to handle this problem. Also  , the work in 24  applies Genetic Programming to learn ranking functions that select the most appropriate ads. However  , we propose a learning method to maximize Click-through-Rate CTR for impressions. The experimental results show that the matching function outperforms the best method in 21 in finding relevant ads. We also compared our method with genetic programming based repair techniques. To assess the efficiency and effectiveness of our technique  , we employed SEMFIX tool to repair seeded defects as well as real defects in an open source software. Genetic programming approaches support more complex repairs but rely on heuristics and hence lack these important properties. Our focus on constant prints allows us to perform exhaustive search for repairs  , ensuring both completeness and minimality. GP makes it possible to solve complex problems for which conventional methods can not find an answer easily. The return value of a fitness function must appropriately measure how well an individual  , which represents a solution  , can solve the target problem. Our first approach extends a state-of-the-art tag recommender based on Genetic Programming to include novelty and diversity metrics both as attributes and in the objective function 1. We have already proposed and evaluated two different strategies. Koza applied GP Genetic Programming to automatic acquisition of subsum tion architecture to perform wall-following behavior  ?2. So far  , many researchers applied GA to motion acquisition problems for robots or virtual creatures. Given that genetic programming is non-deterministic  , all results presented below are the means of 5 runs. All non-RDF datasets were transformed into RDF and all string properties were set to lower case. Each experiment was ran on a single thread of a server running JDK1.7 on Ubuntu 10.0.4 and was allocated maximally 2GB of RAM. We also employed GenProg to repair the bugs in Coreutils. This confirms that if the repair expression does not exist in other places of the program  , genetic programming based approaches have rather low chance of synthesizing the repair. Learning approaches based on genetic programming have been most frequently used to learn link specifications 5 ,15 ,17. The idea behind active learners also called curious classifiers 18 is to query for the labels of In addition  , it usually requires a large training data set to detect accurate solutions. Another genetic programming-based approach to link discovery is implemented in the SILK framework 15. Thus  , it is only able to learn a subset of the specifications that can be generated by EAGLE. This representation is used as knowledge representation and is considered to suit as knowledge re~resentation~l. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , overtraining is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. They form the ranking function candidate pool. Finally  , we applied data mining DM techniques based on grammar-guided genetic programming GGGP to create reference models useful for defining population groups. This way  , symbolic sequences can be automatically compared to detect similarities  , class patients  , etc. The average time required by SEMFIX for each repair is less than 100 seconds. Out of the 90 buggy programs  , with a test suite size of 50 — SEMFIX repaired 48 buggy programs while genetic programming repaired only 16. We also notice that GenProg failed for all arithmetic bugs. There has also been work on synthesizing programs that meet a given specification. These functions are discovered using genetic programming GP and a state-of-the-art classifier optimumpath forest OPF 3  , 4. The method detects these cases by exploiting a combination of automatically generated similarity functions. We use genetic programming to evolve program variants until one is found that both retains required functionality and also avoids the defect in question. Instead  , it works on off-the-shelf legacy applications and readily-available testcases . A framework for tackling this problem based on Genetic Programming has been proposed and tested. In this paper  , we considered the problem of classification in the context of document collections where textual content is scarce and imprecise citation information exists. Furthermore  , we will aim at devising automatic configuration approaches for EAGLE. The following experiments were run by connecting FX- PAL'S genetic programming system to a modular robot simulator  , built by J. Kubica and S. Vassilvitskii. The expansion and contraction of these arms provide the modules with their only form of motion. Active learning approaches based on genetic programming adopt a comitteebased setting to active learning. In this setting  , the information content of a pair s  , t is usually inverse to its distance from the boundary of C t . As the planning motion  , we give this system vertical movement and one step walk. With this system  , we simulate motion generation hierarchically for six legged locomotion robot using Genetic Programming. Sims studied on co-evolution of motion controller and morphology of rirtual creatures 3. All the experiments were conducted on a Core 2 Quad 2.83GHz CPU  , 3GB memory computer with Ubuntu 10.04 OS. The classifier uses these similarity functions to decide whether or not citations belong to a same author. Subsequently  , we give some insight in active learning and then present the active learning model that underlies our work. We show how the discovery of link specifications can consequently be modeled as a genetic programming problem. GP is a machine learning technique inspired by biological evolution to find solutions optimized for certain problem characteristics. To give proper answers for these questions  , we propose a new approach to content-targeted advertising based on Genetic Programming GP. The main inconvenient of this approach is that it is not deterministic. Here  , the mappings are discovered by using a genetic programming approach whose fitness function is set to a PFM. Using an error situation obtained with the sampled parameters  , a fitness unction based on the allowed recovery criteria can be defined. In Genetic Programming  , each member in the population is a computer program for the solution of the problem. We used strongly typed genetic programming The specific primitives added for each problem are discussed with setup of the the initial population  , results of crossover and mutation  , and subtrees created during mutation respectively . The three most common and most important methods are: Genetic programming applies a number of different possible conditions to the best solutions to create the next generation of solutions. The goal of grammarguided genetic programming is to solve the closure problem 7. However  , the computational cost of this approach is extremely high for problems requiring large population sizes 6 . External validity is concerned with generalization. In addition  , in the future we will investigate whether genetic programming has the advantage over random search on fixing bugs existing in multi files. Other approaches based on genetic programming e.g. , 17 detect matching properties while learning link specifications  , which currently implements several time-efficient approaches for link discovery. For example  , 16 relies on the hospital-residents problem to detect property matches. Although they also used genetic programming  , their evaluation was limited to small programs such as bubble sorting and triangle classification  , while our evaluation includes real bugs in open source software. introduced an automatic patch generation technique 5. The 'Time' column reports the wall-clock average time required for a trial that produced a primary repair. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , over-training is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. Only the most robust and consistent functions are selected and they form the ranking function candidate pool. Realizing this  , we use tree-based representation as motion knowledge and construct the system using tree-based representation. Similarly  , the approach presented in 21 assumes that a 1-to-1 mapping is to be discovered. Supervised batch learning approaches for learning such classifiers must rely on large amounts of labeled data to achieve a high accuracy. This paper has reported our initial experiments aimed at investigating whether evolutionary programming  , and genetic programming in particular can evolve multiple robot controllers that utilise communication to improve their ability to collectively perform a task. Communication fitness for controller of Figure  93503 For the last 2 programs in Figure 1b  , the advantage of RSRepair is statistical significance; although there exists no significant difference for the remaining 4 programs due to too small sample sizes no more than 20 in the " Size " column of Figure 1b  , RSRepair has the smaller NCP in terms of Mean and Median. For the representation problem  , GenProg represents each candidate patch as the Abstract Syntax Tree AST of the patched program. As described in 15  , GenProg needs to implement two key ingredients before the application of genetic programming: 1 the representation of the solution and 2 the definition of the fitness function. However  , Andrea Arcuri and Lionel Briand found that GenProg often searched valid patches in the random initialization of the first population before the actual evolutionary search even starts to work. With the hypothesis that some missed important functionalities may occur in another position in the same program  , GenProg attempts to automatically repair defective program with genetic programming 38. GenProg 2 has the ability of fixing bugs in deployed  , legacy C programs without formal specifications. Then  , in this subsection we plan to investigate to what extent genetic programming used by GenProg worsens the repair efficiency over random search used by RSRepair. " Hence  , it is not surprising that GenProg  , most often  , took more time to repair successfully faulty programs  , on average  , in Table  2. Our technique takes as input a program  , a set of successful positive testcases that encode required program behavior  , and a failing negative testcase that demonstrates a defect. Our classification approach combines a genetic programming GP framework  , which is used to define suitable reference similarity functions   , with the Optimum-Path Forest OPF classifier  , a graph-based approach that uses GP-based edge weights to assign input references to the correct authors. The proposed system uses that information along with pure training samples defined by an unsupervised approach   , in a hybrid classification scheme. As we can see  , Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. Better solutions are obtained either by inheriting and reorganizing old ones or by lucky mutation  , simulating Darwinian Evolution. Further  , given the negative impact of irrelevant ads on credibility and brand of publishers and advertisers  , how to design functions that minimize the placement of irrelevant ads  , especially when the relevant ones are not available ? Then  , we give an overview of the grammar that underlies links specifications in LIMES and show how the resulting specifications can be represented as trees. sKDD transforms the original numerical temporal sequences into symbolic sequences  , defines a symbolic isokinetics distance SID that can be used to compare symbolic isokinetics sequences   , and provides a method  , SYRMO  , for creating symbolic isokinetics reference models using grammar-guided genetic programming. This paper has focused on the I4 project's sKDD subsystem. We developed a genetic programming approach to finding consensus structural motifs in a set of RNA sequences known to be functionally related. Knowing the common structural motifs in a set of coregulated RNA sequences will help us better understand the regulation mechanism. Of these techniques  , GenProg and Par  , the two awardwinning patch generation techniques  , presented the very promising results. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 18. Arithmetic operators and the log function are internal nodes while different numerical features of the query and ad terms can be leafs of the function tree. Their approach relies on formal specifications  , which our approach does not require. Recent work has addressed this drawback by relying on active learning  , which was shown in 15 to reduce the amount of labeled data needed for learning link specifications. For example  , the genetic programming approach used in 7 has been shown to achieve high accuracies when supplied with more than 1000 positive examples. For example   , the approach presented in 5 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. Although unsupervised techniques were newly developed see  , e.g. , 17  , most of the approaches developed so far abide by the paradigm of supervised machine learning. In this paper we have introduced a new approach based on the combination of term weighting components  , extracted from well-known information retrieval ranking formulas  , using genetic programming. Finally  , but not less important  , we also intend to examine closely the discovered best ranking functions to understand better how they work and the reasons for their effectiveness. Genetic Programming has been widely used and approved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management. Computer programs that evolve in ways that resemble natural selection can solve complex problems even their creators do not fully understand " Holland  , 1975. Genetic Programming shows its sharp edge in solving such kind of problems  , since its internal tree structure representation for " individuals " can be perfectly used for describing ranking functions. We can actually treat the ranking function space as a space consists of all kinds of tree structures. Section 2 of the paper gives an overview of the I4 Intelligent Interpretation of Isokinetics Information system  , of which this research is part. A follow-up work 13 proposes a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function. To solve this problem  , Ribeiro- Neto et al expand the page vocabulary with terms from other similar pages weighted based on the overall similarity of the origin page to the matched page  , and show improved matching precision. Guided by genetic programming  , GenProg has the ability to repair programs without any specification  , and GenProg is commonly considered to open a new research area of general automated program repair 26  , 20  , although there also exists earlier e.g. , 5  , 2 and concurrent work on this topic 6. Automated repair techniques have received considerable recent research attentions. Construct validity threats concern the appropriateness of the evaluation measurement. In addition  , in this paper we focus only on the comparison between random search and genetic programming  , in our future work we plan to study random search with the comparison on other repair techniques such as 12  , 5  , 28. In a follow-up work 7 the authors propose a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function. To solve this problem  , Ribeiro-Neto et al expand the page vocabulary with terms from other similar pages weighted based on the overall similarity of the origin page to the matched page  , and show improved matching precision.   , but none of these strategies reaches the level of applicability and the speed of execution of random testing. Several other strategies for input generation have been proposed symbolic execution combined with constraint solving 30  , 18  , direct setting of object fields 5  , genetic programming 29  , etc. In order to answer these questions  , we choose ARRANGER – a Genetic Programming-based discovery engine 910 to perform the ranking function tuning. To copy otherwise  , or republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. Genetic Programming has been widely used and proved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management 119. Computer programs that evolve in ways that resemble natural selection can solve complex problems even their creators do not fully understand " 16. In the following  , we present our implementation of the different GP operators on link specifications and how we combine GP and active learning. This approach is yet a batch learning approach and it consequently suffers of drawbacks of all batch learning approaches as it requires a very large number of human annotations to learn link specifications of a quality comparable to that of EAGLE. The robot modules we consider are the TeleCube modules currently being developed at Xerox PARC 13 and shown in Figure 1 . Still  , none of the active learning approaches for LD presented in previous work made use of the similarity of unlabeled link candidates to improve the convergence of curious classifiers. While the first active genetic programming approach was presented in 4  , similar approaches for LD were developed later 7 ,15 . For example  , the approach presented in 8 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. With regard to the generation of link specifications  , some unsupervised techniques were newly developed see  , e.g. , 22  , but most of the approaches developed so far abide by the paradigm of supervised machine learning. This absence of any system in choosing inputs is also what exposes random testing to the most criticism. 15 proposes an approach based on the Cauchy-Schwarz inequality that allows discarding a large number of superfluous comparisons. Particularly  , we investigate an inductive learning method – Genetic Programming GP – for the discovery of better fused similarity functions to be used in the classifiers  , and explore how this combination can be used to improve classification effectiveness . In this work we try to overcome these problems by applying automatically discovered techniques for fusion of the available evidence. Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. It provides sound solutions to many difficult problems  , for which people have not found a theoretical or practical breakthrough. Another approach to contextual advertising is to reduce it to the problem of sponsored search advertising by extracting phrases from the page and matching them with the bid phrase of the ads. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 8. These primitives were largely derived directly from the basic actions and abilities of the modules and simple computational constructs. The best computer program that appeared in any generation  , the best-so-far solution  , is designated as the result of genetic programming Koza 19921. Additionally  , our approach synthesizes grasps  , with no a priori constraints on initial grasps  , as opposed to lo  , in which grasp primitives are learned based on a given set of grasp primitives. In addition  , similar to other search-based software engineering SBSE 15  , 14 approaches  , genetic programming often suffers from the computationally expensive cost caused by fitness evaluation  , a necessary activity used to distinguish between better and worse solutions. valid patches much faster  , in terms of requiring fewer patch trials 1   , than random search. That is  , compared to random search  , genetic programming does not bring benefits in term of fewer NCP in this case to balance the cost caused by fitness evaluations. As presented in RQ1  , to find a valid patch  , GenProg  , in most cases  , requires not fewer NCP than RSRepair. 26  introduced the idea of program repair using genetic programming  , where existing parts of code are used to patch faults in other parts of code and patching is restricted to those parts that are relevant to the fault. Weimer et al. We note that this weakness is inherent in any test suite based program repair  , since no formal program specification is given and repairs can only be generated with respect to limited number of given tests. This is the major motivation to choose GP for the ranking function discovery task. Based on the plaintext collection  , our ARRANGER engine  , a Genetic Programming GP based ranking function discovery system  , is used to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for the topic distillation task. Instead  , we construct a " surrogate " plaintext collection by merging full text content with all the anchor information for a page. The function is represented as a tree composed of arithmetic operators and the log function as internal nodes  , and different numerical features of the query and ad terms as leafs. With flexible GP operators and structural motif representations  , our new method is able to identify general RNA secondary motifs. We choose not to record the genetic programming operations performed to obtain the variant as an edit script because such operations often overlap and the resulting script is quite long. For example  , our variants often include changes to control flow e.g. , if or while statements for which both the opening brace { and the closing brace } must be present; throwing away part of such a patch results in a program that does not compile. The isolation of the search strategies from the search space makes the solution compatible with that of Valduriez891 and thus applicable to more general database programming languages which can be deductive or object-oriented Lanzelotte901. This is illustrated by modeling within the same framework different enumerative  , randomized and genetic search strategies  , Furthermore  , we show how the search strategies thus produced can be controlled in the sense that successful termination can be enforced by assertions. Yet  , so far  , none of these approaches has made use of the correlation between the unlabeled data items while computing the set of most informative items. Several approaches that combine genetic programming and active learning have been developed over the course of the last couple of years and shown to achieve high F-measures on the deduplication see e.g. , 4 and LD see e.g. , 15 problems. Furthermore  , affected by GenProg  , Par also uses genetic programming to guide the patch search in the way like GenProg. After that  , general automated program repair has gone from being entirely unheard of to having its own multi-paper sessions  , such as " Program Repair " session in ICSE 2013  , in many top tier conferences 20  , and many researchers justify the advantage of their techniques  , such as Par and SemFix  , via the comparison with GenProg. The fact that it has been successfully applied to similar problems  , has motivated us to use it as a basis for discovering good similarity functions for record replica identification. This approach captures the novelty and diversity of a list of recommended tags implicitly  , by introducing metrics that assess the semantic distance between different tags diversity and the inverse of the popularity of the tag in the application novelty. AutoFix-E 37 can repair programs but requires for the contracts in terms of pre-and post-conditions. Running test cases typically dominated GenProg's runtime " 22  , which is also suitable for RSRepair  , so we use the measurement of NTCE to compare the repair efficiency between GenProg and RSRepair  , which is also consistent with traditional test case prioritization techniques aiming at early finding software bugs with fewer NTCE. Short titles may mislead the results  , specially generic titles such as Genetic Programming  , then we add the publication venue title to this type of query. If ti comprises only one or two words  , the query is formed by the quoted title ti followed by the first four author names  , similar to the previously described query  , also not permitting one word error  , followed by an AND statement using the first four words from the publication venue title vi. That is  , RSRepair immediately discards one candidate patch once the patched program fails to pass some test case. Unlike genetic programming which requires fitness evaluation in the sense that GenProg has to run fixed size of test cases to compute the fitness of a candidate patch even if GenProg has been aware that the patch is invalid i.e. , the patched program has ever failed to pass some test case  , random search has no such constraint. Recently  , in the paper 40 genetic programming is proposed to fix automatically the general bugs  , and a prototype tool called GenProg based on this technique is implemented. We conducted a set of experiments aiming to evaluate the proposed disambiguation system in comparison with stateof-the-art methods on two well-known datasets. To the best of our knowledge  , the problem of discovering accurate link specifications has only been addressed in very recent literature by a small number of approaches: The SILK framework 14  now implements a batch learning approach to discovery link specifications based on genetic programming which is similar to the approach presented in 6. Note that the task of discovering links between knowledge bases is closely related with record linkage 30 ,10 ,5 ,17. These are supervised approaches that begin with a small number of labeled links and then inquire labels for data items that promise to improve their accuracy. The evaluation has shown that the numerical and symbolic reference models generated from isokinetics tests on top-competition sportsmen and women are  , in the expert's opinion  , similar. Run dijkstra search from the final node as shown in Fig.6. Run dijkstra search from the initial node as shown in Fig.5.2. 1. Thus  , Dijkstra quickly becomes infeasible for practical purposes; it takes 10 seconds for 1000 services per task  , and almost 100 seconds for 3000 services per task. The runtime of Dijkstra significantly increases  , as the number of services per task increases. There are  , however  , important differences. The language was influenced significantly by the Dijkstra " guarded command language " 4 and CSP lo . For each node  , add the costs computed by the two dijkstra searches. In Fig.8  , this is shown as pointer b. Dijkstra's point was important then and no less significant now. Dijkstra makes this observation in his famous letter on the GOTO statement  , Dijkstra 69 observing that computer programs are static entities and are thus easier for human minds to comprehend  , while program executions are dynamic and far harder to comprehend and reason about effectively. Boolean assertions in programming languages and testing frameworks embody this notion. Dijkstra says " a program with an error is just wrong " 10. Selected statistics can be found in Table 2. The Reverse Dijkstra heuristic is as described in Section 3.2.3 and shows significant improvement. These operations are executed through the standard semaphore technique Dijkstra DijSS using only one lock type. In this solution only the locking and unlocking operations are valid. Channels and variables may either be local or global. This approach provides a clean  , powerful method for working with a program specification to either derive a program structure which correctly implements the specification  , or just as important to identify portions of the specification which are incomplete or inconsistent. The most significant recent advance in programming methodology has been the constructive approach to developing correct programs or "programming calculus" formulated in Dijkstra 75  , elaborated with numerous examples in Dijkstra 76  , and discussed further in Gries 76. This heuristic only searches over the 2D grid map of the base layer with obstacles inflated by the base inner circle. The heuristic for the planner uses a 2D Dijkstra search from the goal state. The robot in this comparison is a differentially driven wheelchair and the lower bound eq. Assume there is a known minimal Figure 6shows the performance of Branch and Bound compared with Dijkstra. The first  , an optimistic heuristic  , assumes that all possible matches in the sequences are made regardless of their order in the sequence. The VLBG creates a graph where each node corresponds to a state that the vehicle may visit. The current implementation of the VLBG it is based upon a graph search technique derived from Dijkstra search. During the ARA* search  , the costs for applying a motion primitive correspond to the length of the trajectory and additionally depend on the proximity to obstacles. Using Dijkstra or other graph searching methods  , a path between the start and goal configuration is then easily found. In general  , these configurations are not present in the roadmap  , so they are added to the roadmap using the local planner. Finally  , the GETHEURISTIC function is called on every state encountered by the search. Notice that this takes O|V | 2 log|V | since the graph G is fully connected using a binary heap for the Dijkstra priority queue. The robot then uses a Dijkstra-based graph search 20 to find the shortest path to the destination. This information  , along with the CS positions in the robot frame  , and with the map  , identifies the robot pose position and orientation. Program building blocks are features that use AspectJ as the underlying weaving technology . Their method  , called Horizontal Decomposition HD  , decomposes programs hierarchically a la Dijkstra 11 using levels of abstraction and step-wise refinement. The colors have the following semanticsWhen marking is over  , all the reachable objects have been detected as such and examined  , and are therefore black. According to Dijkstra  , at any given time an object has one of three colors. For the same workflow size  , GA* 100  , NetGA 100 and NetGA 50 maintain runtime ratios of about 4:2:1 regardless of the number of services per task. The purpose of this circular region is to maintain an admissible heuristic despite having an underspecified search goal. The base heuristic is calculated by running a 2D Dijkstra search for the robot base for which the goal region is defined by a circle centered around the x  , y projection of the goal pose. On the contrary  , the " shortest path " also called " geodesic " or " Dijkstra "  distance between nodes of a graph does not necesarily decrease when connections between nodes are added  , and thus does not capture the fact that strongly connected nodes are closer than weakly connected nodes. In short  , two nodes are considered as similar if there are many short paths connecting them. In any case  , whichever way has been followed to actually build the program  , it is illuminating to be able to study and examine it by increasing levels of details at the reader's convenience. Well known works by Dijkstra DIJK72  , Wirth WIRT 71  , Gries GRIE 73 and others have assessed the usefulness of deriving a program in a hierarchical way. As a consequence our ability to manage large software systems simply breaks down once a certain threshold complexity is approached. It was pointed out by Dijkstra that the structural complexity of a large software system is greater than that of any other system constructed by man 3  , and that man's ability to handle complexity is severely limited DI ,D2. In his 1968 letter  , Dijkstra noted that the programmer manipulates source code as a way to achieve a desired change in the program's behaviour; that is  , the executions of the program are what is germane  , and the source code is an indirect vehicle for achieving those behaviours. A video demonstration can be found online: http://cs.uwaterloo.ca/~rtholmes/go/icse11demo. We are reaching the point where we are willing to tie ourselves down by declaring in advance our variable types  , weakest preconditions  , and the like. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. The third component is identification of documents for human relevance assessment. The common thread here is that the most plausible experiments are on real or realistic data; search tasks such as to find the documents on computer science in a collection of chemical abstracts seeded with a small number of articles by Knuth and Dijkstra are unlikely to be persuasive Tague-Sutcliffe  , 1992. No one advocates or teaches this style of description  , so why do people use it instead of the more precise vocabulary of computer science ? In fact  , Edsgar Dijkstra was so offended by the frequency of such talk that he suggested instituting a system of fines to stamp it out 12. One of the ways in which object-oriented programming helps us to do more  , to cope with the everincreasing variety of objects that our programs are asked to manipulate  , is by encouraging the programmer to provide diverse objects with uniform protocol. Edsger Dijkstra has written eloquently of " our inability to do much " 5. We selected Prevayler because it was used as a case study for an aspect-oriented refactoring method by Godil  , Zhang  , and Jacobsen 1428. If the precomputations would have to be run often  , we suggest not using the precomputations and instead running the Dijkstra search in AFTERGOAL with an unsorted array Section IV-B.1. a new path is added or the environment changes  , the precomputations would need to be re-run. We found that this makes all methods slower by 0.02s but it avoids the need for precomputation. While this heuristic captures some information about obstacles in the environment  , it does not account for the orientation of the robot. The heuristic for a state x  , y  , ✓ of the robot is then the Dijkstra distance from the cell x  , y to the goal. We used the idea of motion compression in order to apply Dual Dijkstra Search to motion planning of 7 DOF arm. The way to avoid an obstacle differs in two figures  , and these motions can be used as motion can- didates. The latter corresponds to placing a state-dependent conditions akin to Dijkstra guards on the servicing of PI operation 12 HRT-UML draws from the Ravenscar Profile the restrictions on the use of these invocation constraints. The former caters for controlled access to shared resources. E. W. Dijkstra  , in his book on structured pro- gramming 7   , describes a backtracking solution with pruning   , which we implemented in Java for the purpose of our experiment. The problem of N-Queens involves placing N queens on an N × N chess board so that no queen can take any of the others. We will see that there is a direct route from Newton via Dijkstra to the programme put forward by Gaudel and her collaborators 7 ,8. As an illustration of the power of these ideas  , as applied to Software Engineering  , we can look at specification based testing and quickly see how this framework illuminates our discussions of testing. Accordingly  , the marking agent successively examines all the reachable objects  , In order to remember which objects have already been examined  , and which ones still need to be  , the agent uses three color marking  , a method introduced by Dijkstra et al. Marking is done according to Definition 2. It then receives the results of the simulation and creates a final cost to be passed back to the BG module based on rules for combining the output of the individual KD overlays. Depending on the result of the graph search  , the robot will approach and follow another street repeat the corresponding actions in the plan  , or stop if the crossing corresponds to the desired destination. l'm afraid that this particular problem will be a long time in going away. The automatic generation of weakest assumptions has direct application to the assume-guarantee proof; it removes the burden of specifying assumptions manually thus automating this type of reasoning. Intuitively  , the weakest assumption can be related to the notion of a weakest precondition as given by Dijkstra 12 . We will briefly examine why these ideas are misguided based as they are on intuition about the nature of testing and how they may be reformulated to take account of scientific principles. This is shown in Figure 2c  , where a state with a smaller Dijkstra distance heuristic was sampled in the narrow passage. When the search is " stuck "   , DMHA* randomly samples a state in the vicinity of the local minimum such that the sampled state has a smaller baseline heuristic than the local minimum state. Algebraic axioms are particularly apt for describing the relationships between operations and for indicating how these operations are meant to be used. Algebraic specification approaches such as OBJ 6 and Larch 7 and input/output predicate approaches such as Hoare 10  , Alphard 29  , Dijkstra 3  , and Anna 15 represent some of the ways in which a system builder might describe the semantics of system objects. We also foresee that pruned landmark trees could be dynamically updated under edge insertions and deletions using techniques similar to those outlined in Tretyakov et al. The methods were presented for the case of undirected unweighed graphs  , but they can be generalized to support weighted and directed graphs by replacing BFS with Dijkstra traversal and storing two separate trees for each landmark – one for incoming paths and another for outgoing ones. To copy otherwise  , to republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. This reasoning led Dijkstra and others to advocate the notions Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. With k = 100 and r = 5 the PLT approach underperforms only slightly in terms of accuracy  , yet requires 10 times less space and 5 times less time per query. To make software evolution easier  , Dijkstra 9 and Parnas 18 recommended that any particular program be developed as though it is a member of a family of potential programs that share some common properties  , facilitated through appropriate abstraction of these commonalities. There is no published empirical proof that the programming technique of systematic software reuse reduces program development time  , duration  , cost  , skill-requirements  , or defect-density on any practicalscale project &lo  , 11 ,211. Among the more important concepts in systems  , languages  , and programming methodology during the last several years are those of data type Hoare 72  , clean control structure Dijkstra 72  , Hoare 74  , and capability-based addressing Fabry 74. Section 4 closes the paper with a critical evaluation of the system in light of the claims made in Cohen/Jefferson 75 and the goals cited in Section 2. However  , an additional and ultimately more important reason for skyrocketing software costs arises from the fact that current large software systems are much more complex by any measure of complexity than the systems being developed 25 years ago or even ten years ago. The second component is a set of queries that might reasonably be applied to that collection. The concept of program families evolved into the notion that reusable assets focused on a well-defined domain  , in the context of a domain-specific architecture  , show more promise in reducing development time 2 ,6 ,22. This ratio inand hence ~speedupnducsll~thesquarerootoftheradiusofthe largest domain  , and hence our earlier observation that the benefit of our scheme decreases as the domains am made bigger by decreasing the total manber of domains. if we are linding shortest distance between points that are farther apgt the effort ratio will be considerably less than 1 and there would be substantial speed UP- Thus  , the ratio of effort in tinding shortest distance between two points p r and p  ? , using our procedme compared to Dijkstra  , is OS% p&Q. These concepts are contributing to an increasingly coherent object-oriented view of programming  , manifested in the language developments of the Alphard and CLU groups Jones/Liskov 76  , in the systems work of Hydra at Carnegie-Mellon Wulf 74  , Wulf 75 and similar systems e.g. , at the University of California Lampson/Sturgis 76  , Cambridge Needham 72  , RA/LABORiA Ferrie 76  , Plessey Telecommunications England 74  , SRI Robinson 75  , and others at Carnegie-Mellon University Habermann 76  , Jones 77  , and in the continuing work on the Multics system Schroeder 77. We can briefly show why the Clarke-Tax approach maximizes the users' truthfulness by an additional  , simpler example. The Clarke-Tax approach ensures that users have no incentive to lie about their true intentions. The tax levied by user i is computed based on the Clarke Tax formulation as follows: We consider the fixed cost to be equal to 0. The Clarke-Tax mechanism is appealing for several reasons . We map the user collaborative policy specification to an auction based on the Clarke-Tax 7  , 8 mechanism which selects the privacy policy that will maximize the social utility by encouraging truthfulness among the co-owners. Under the Clarke-Tax  , users are required to indicate their privacy preference  , along with their perceived importance of the expressed preference. Second   , the Clarke-Tax has proven to have important desirable properties: it is not manipulable by individuals  , it promotes truthfulness among users 11  , and finally it is simple. In Section 5  , we describe our proposed framework which is based on the Clarke Tax mechanism. In Section 4  , we highlight the requirements for the design of an effective solution supporting collaborative privacy management . We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals  , regardless of other individuals choices. , πn is the value of the g minus the tax numeraire  , given by: uic = vig − πi. We present our applied approach  , detailed system implementation and experimental results in the context of Facebook in Section 6. First  , it is well suited to our domain  , in that it proposes a simple voting scheme  , where users express their opinions about a common good i.e. , the shared data item. Simplicity is a fundamental requirement in the design of solutions for this type of problems  , where users most likely have limited knowledge on how to protect their privacy through more sophisticated approaches. Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. The cost of evaluating inner query block can vary significantly depending on the parameter sort order guaranteed by the outer query block. For a given nested query block  , several execution plans are possible  , each having its own required parameter sort order and cost. Further  , more than one query block can be nested under the same parent query block. However   , we have chosen to re-arrange bytes by the sort order of prefixes read right to left. Traditionally  , BWT rearranges bytes in a block by the sort order of all its suffixes. Results for such queries are shown in column TLC-O for the second group of queries q1-q2. 'Push Sort in Join': Pushing Sort into a Join applies to single block join queries. This approach avoids generation of unwanted sort orders and corresponding plans. Now  , the compatible combinations of plans and the effective parameter sort order they require from the parent block are as shown in Figure 5. This Sort should also simplify the Group operation that follows and associates to each researcher the number of projects it belongs to. In block B'Res  , a Sort operation is added to order the researchers according to their key number. The sort continuous in this manner until the list of items is fully sorted in ascending order after the lg m th phase. Similarly  , the second phase of bitonic sort involves merging each even-indexed 2- item block with the 2-item block immediately following it  , producing a list where consecutive 4-item blocks are sorted in alternating directions. While generating the plans for the nested blocks we consider only those plans that require a parameter sort order no stronger than the one guaranteed by the outer block. For each sort order  , we optimize the outer query block and then all the nested blocks. In this section we propose additional techniques for exploiting the sort order of correlation bindings by retaining the state of the inner query execution across multiple bindings of the correlation variables. Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer parent query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. Then we sort the set of average intensities in ascending order and a rank is assigned to each block. In our case  , we utilize 3×3 block of each frame for ordinal signature extraction. The BWT rearranges characters in a block by the sort order of the suffixes of these characters. Offsets are limited to a maximum value called the " window size " . To reduce the number of candidate plans we can adopt a heuristic of considering only the physical operators that requires the strongest parameter sort order less than the guaranteed sort order. However  , if the parameter sort order guaranteed by the parent block is weaker e.g. , null  , then only the plain table scan is a possible candidate. Depending on the delay condition  , HERB either simultaneously released the block no delay or waited until its head was fully turned and then released the block delay  , Fig- ure 2. The human-robot interactions lasted approximately 2 minutes and 20 seconds  , though the particular amount of time varied by how long the participant took to sort the block. Finally  , the block size for AIX is 2KB  , with Starburst assuming 4KB pages  , so each Starburst I/O actually requires two AIX I/OS.' For sorting  , Starburst does not use the global buffer pool  , relying instead on a separate sort buffer; we configured its sort buffer size to be lOOKI to provide a comparable amount of space for sorting as for regular I/O. A cost-based optimizer can consider the various interesting sort orders and decide on the overall best plan. For the table in Figure 3  , one might imagine that IP Address was used as a predictor for Client ID to some benefit because each user had a preferential computer   , shown below. This is a powerful effect: all prior sort orders are used to break ties this is because stable sort was performed for each block. However  , note that a sort-merge anti-join cannot be used if the correlated query block is part of a procedure or function where as NISR can be used in this case. A sort-merge anti-join implementation if present and used would perform exactly same as NISR and hence we have not consider it here explicitly. If this heuristic is adopted in the above example  , when the parameter sort order guaranteed from the parent block is {p 1 } only the state retaining scan is considered and the plain table scan is dropped. An approximated block matrix is generated when we then sort the eigenvectors and rearrange the eigenvector components accordingly before calculating the eigenprojector. Thus we do not need to set the number of clusters ex ante. Figure 8shows an example of this technique in action. Since the tuples within each block are sorted by timestamp  , a merge sort is employed to retrieve the original order of tuples across the different blocks in the run. In this approach we first traverse all the blocks nested under a given query block and identify the set of all interesting parameter sort orders. We describe this approach in subsequent subsections. Vo and Vo also showed that usage of multiple predictors for breaking ties in sort order often improves compression. This is logically equivalent to applying the permutation to all the tokens in the second block before running RadixZip over it. For queries where other factors dominate the cost  , like join q2  , the speedup is relatively small. In single block selection type queries x19 both TLC-D and TLC-O contribute by removing the blocking factor of DE and Sort. The rewrite applies only to single block selection queries. 'Push Sort in Select': We tested the efficiency of our rewrite that pushes Sorts into Selects  , as described in Section 5.2. The run block size is the buffer size for external Instead of sorting the records in the data buffer directly  , we sort a set of pointers pointing to the records. We consider LB to be the elementary block and we attempt to discuss the possibilities of fault tolerance in this program. This is the well known straight insertion sort. Since the matrices are hermitian  , the blocks are symmetric but different in color. We have implemented block nested-loop and hybrid hash variants. Anti-Semijoin For an anti-semijoin El I ? ,  , E2 all common implementation alternatives like sort merge  , hash  , and nested-loops come into account. This produces a list where consecutive 2-item blocks are sorted  , in alternating directions. Further assume query block q 2 nested under the same parent as q 1 has two plans pq 3 and pq 4 requiring sorts p 1   , p 2  and null respectively. Participants were also told that HERB's head would move and that HERB may provide suggestions about how to sort the blocks  , but that the final sorting method was up to them. They were instructed to take the block from HERB's hand once HERB had extended the block to them. When m is a power of 2  , bitonic sort lends itself to a very straight-forward non-recursive implementation based on the above description. For instance   , during the 4-merge phase phase 2 in the figure all compare-and-swaps performed within the first 4-item block are ascending  , whereas they are descending for the second 4-item block. Further  , the cost of the plan for the outer query block can vary significantly based on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the parameters. Note that the best parameter ordering for each query in the function body can be different and also there can be multiple functions invoked from the same outer query block. The necessary conditions to bundle operators within a block are: same degrees of parallelism and same partitioning strategies. In the PQEP shown in Figure 2c   , the largest block is formed by the sort  , projection proj  , group  , and hash-join hj ,i , operators having a DOP of 5. For illustration  , we will use the following block of variable-width tokens: Figure 5.1 shows the output of both BWT and RadixZip Transform run on this input. The minimum amount of main memory needed by Sort/Merge is three disk block buffers  , because in the sort phase  , two input buffers and one output buffer are needed. Given the fact that b/k blocks are needed in the fist phase  , and k blocks are needed in the second phase of the join  , the challenge is to find the value for k  , where the memory consumption maxb/k ,k is minimal : It is unfair for one sort to allocate extra memory it cannot use while others are waiting; l a sort whose performance is not very sensitive to memory should yield to sorts whose performance is more affected by memory space; l large sorts should not block small sorts indefinitely   , while small sorts should not prevent large sorts from getting a reasonable amount of mem- ory; l when all other conditions are the same  , older sorts should have priority over younger sorts. Specifically  , the following fairness considerations are reflected in our policy: l a sort should not allocate more memory than needed. To eliminate unnecessary data traversal  , when generating data blocks  , we sort token-topic pairs w di   , z di  according to w di 's position in the shuffled vocabulary  , ensuring that all tokens belonging to the same model slice are actually contiguous in the data block see Figure 1 . 3. If suffixes provide a good context for characters  , this creates regions of locally low entropy  , which can be exploited by various back-end compressors. Besides SIMDization  , implementing bitonic sort efficiently on the SPEs also require unrolling loops and avoiding branches as much as possible. There is a change in the shuffles performed  , because the compare-and-swap direction is reversed for the second 4-item block. The final permutation 41352 represents the sort order of the five tokens using last byte most significant order  , and can be used as input to future calls to permute. Lemma 3.2. permute and its inverse are Ob time operations   , where b is the number of bytes in the block. The bottom-up approach can be understood by the following signature of the Optimizer method. In order to avoid optimization of subexpressions for sort orders not of interest the bottom-up approach first optimizes the inner most query block producing a set of plans each corresponding to an interesting order. In the logical query DAG LQDAG  , due to the sharing of common subexpressions  , the mapping of parameters to the level of the query block that binds it cannot be fixed statically for each logical equivalence node. Therefore if any sort order needs to be guaranteed on the output of the Apply operator an enforcer plan is generated. In each ordering we consider the first 5 blocks  , and for each block we calculate the maximum similarity to the 5 blocks on both the next and previous page. For each page  , we sort all blocks on the page in four different orders: from top to bottom  , from bottom to top  , from left to right  , and from right to left. Plan operators that work in a set-oriented fashion e.g. , sort  , might also be content with this simple open-next-close protocol  , which  , however  , may restrict the flexibility of their implementation. All " real " plan operators within a block access their relevant information via the opennext-close interface of the LAS cf. To understand this property  , consider the paradigm used by previous skyline evaluation techniques  , such as Block Nested Loops 4 and Sort-First Skyline 9 . An additional interesting property of the new lattice-based skyline computation paradigm is that the performance of LS is independent of the underlying data distribution. A cost-based optimizer can consider the various options available and decide on the overall best plan. This approach combines the benefits of both the top-down exhaustive approach and the bottom-up approach. Our last example see Figure 8 shows  , among other interesting features  , how one can push a Group that materializes the relationship between researchers and projects. A 6-axis force-torque sensor in the robot's hand identifies when the participant has grasped the block to begin the transfer phase of the handover. In this task  , a robot called HERB hands colored blocks to participants  , who sort those blocks into one of two colored boxes according to their personal preference. Our memory adjustment policy aims to improve overall system performance  , that is  , throughput and average response time  , but it also takes into account fairness considerations. The output of a single block FLWOR statement in XQuery can be ordered by either the binding/document order as specified in the FOR clauses or the value order as specified in the OR- DERBY clause. An outcome of our technique is that the Ordering Specification O-Spec of a collection and for that matter the SORT operation that produced it is a superset of the potential order that can be expressed by XQuery. The drawback of this approach is that it requires significant changes to the structure of any existing Volcano-style optimizer due to the need for propagating multiple plans for the same expression and then combining them suitably. Inference of " bounded disorder " appears to be relevant when considering how order properties get propagated through block-nested-loop joins  , and could be exploited to reduce the cost of certain plan operators. We also are interested in generalizing this work to infer " bounded disorder " : unordered relations whose disorder can be measured as the number of passes of a bubble sort required to make the relation ordered. At query time  , when OSCAR begins to scan a new run of blocks  , it uses the latest value returned by the r- UDF to only read from a corresponding fraction of the blocks in this new run. The size of the shared pool  , which is used by Oracle to store session information such as sort areas and triggers  , was set to 20MB and the size of the log buffer to 4MB to minimise the influence of Oracle internals on the measurements. The database buffer was set to 500 blocks with a database block size of 4 kbytes which resulted in an average buffer hit ratio of 98.5%. To the best of our knowledge  , the state-retention techniques and optimization of multi-branch  , multi-level correlated queries considering parameter sort orders have not been proposed or implemented earlier. Database systems such as Microsoft SQL Server consider sorted correlation bindings and the expected number of times a query block is evaluated with the aim of efficiently caching the inner query results when duplicates are present and to appropriately estimate the cost of nested query blocks. 0 Motion prediction. It uses a transform similar to the Fast Fourier Transform  , which reduces convolution to pointwise addition. Several variants coexists; among them the Fourier Transform for discrete signals and the Fast Fourier Transform which is also for discrete signals but has a complexity of On · ln n instead of On 2  for the discrete Fourier Transform. Fourier transform 10  is an invertible function which decomposes a function into a continuous spectrum of its frequency components. This can be calculated in JavaScript. Most data visualizations  , or other uses of audio data begin by calculating a discrete Fourier transform by means of a Fast Fourier Transform. The Fourier coefficients are used as features for the classification. Each segment  , the entire interval when the sensor is in contact with the object  , is transferred to the frequency domain using Fast Fourier Transform. By applying the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT to the ZMP reference   , the ZMP equations can be solved in frequency domain. proposed to solve this problem by using Fourier Transformation 14. These feature vectors are used to train a SOM of music segments. This is followed by a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT across the segments for a selected set of frequency spectra to obtain Fourier coefficients modeling the dynamics. Fast Fourier Transform FFT has been applied to get the Fourier transform for each short period of time. In STFT  , we consider frequency distribution over a short period of time. The raw audio framebuffer is a collection e.g. , array of floating point values. This section describes an important when there is an acceleration or deceleration  , the amplitude is greater than a threshold. The Fourier spectrum is normalized by the DC component  , i.e. , the average intensity of the stripe region  , so that the Fourier spectrums obtained from other images can be compared. The one-dimensional Fast Fourier Transform is then applied to this array. We modeled FFTs in two steps which are considered separately by the database. A second operator considered within the system is the Fast Fourier Transform FFT. In 10 the authors use the Fast Fourier Transform to solve the problem of pattern similarity search. A survey can be found in 3. 4shows the beating heart motion along z axis with its interpolation function and the frequency spectrum calculated from off-line fast fourier transform. The Fourier spectrum calculation is proportional to the square of the voltage input signal. The signal detection operates on a power signal; a Fast Fourier Transform FFT is being done which trans­ forms the signal in time domain into frequency domain. First one  , we transform the data into Frequency domain utilizing the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , obtain the derivative using the Fourier spectral method  , and perform inverse FFT to find the derivative in real time domain. We implement two alternative approaches to accomplish this. As these frequency spectra are not provided in evenly spaced time intervals  , we use Lagrange transformation to obtain timed snapshots. The Servo thread is an interrupt service routine ISR which The windows are grouped in two sections: operator windows green softkeys and expert windows blue softkeys. Finally fourier coefficients are calculated by Fast Fourier Transform FIT  , these coefficients are to the control pc via TCP/IP in order be for trigonometric interpolation in the robot control software motion generator. Second one  , numerically calculate the derivative using the finite difference method. Since the temporal data from 'gentle interaction' trials were made of many blobs  , while temporal data from 'strong interaction' trials were mainly made of peaks  , we decided to focus on the Fourier spectrum also called frequency spectrum  which a would express these differences: for gentle interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for lower frequencies while for strong interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for higher frequencies. A fast-Fourier transform was performed on this signal in order to analyze the frequencies involved and the results can be seen in figure 12. The vibration response is shown in figure 8. The use of the fast Fourier transform and the necessity to iterate to obtain the required solution preclude this method from being used in real time control. Fig 10 depictsthe experimental set up. Periodically  , the fast Fourier transform FFT yields a signal spectrum: But the bcst way is to determine TI and T2 directly in DSP from input data array xn. The impulse was effected by tapping on the finger with a light and stiff object. Figure 2shows the impulse expressed as a change in the wavelength of light reflected by an FBG cell and its fast Fourier transform FFT. The first method is to take the fast Fourier transform FFT of the impulse response for Table 2: Characteristic frequencies for link 2 a given impulse command. Two methods are used to identify the characteristic frequencies of the flexible modes. Fast Fourier Transform. The approximate entropy can be computed for any time series  , chaotic or otherwise  , at a low computational cost  , and even for small data samples T < 50. In these experiments  , this step is carried out manually. Since it is hard to pick up the signals during contact phase  , we cannot use the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT technique which converts the signal from time-domain to frequencydomain . These two phases of oscillation appears by turns. As na¨ıvena¨ıve implementations that evaluate the KDE at every input point individually can be inefficient on large datasets  , implementations based on Fast Fourier Transformation FFT have been proposed. 7. To ensure the FFT functioned appropriately  , the data was limited to a range which covered only an integer number of cycles. Using MATLAB  , a fast Fourier transform FFT was performed. 1for an example spectrogram. It is often easier to recognize patterns in an audio signal when samples are converted to a frequency domain spectrogram using the Fast Fourier Transform FFT 3  , see Fig. Then the inverse FFT returns the resulted CoM trajectory into time domain. A Fast Fourier Transform FFT based method WiaS employed to compute the robot's C-space. A Graphical User Interface GUI in MATLAB has been designed to implement our propo:sed method. In this method th'e C-space is respresented as the convolution of the robot and workspace bitmaps 19. We identify this noise elements by high frequency and low-power spectrum in the frequenc domain transformed by the fast Fourier transform YFFT. The former is noise and thus needs to be removed before detectin the latter. The distribution is of the form We assume that the torque sensor output is composed of various harmonic waves whose frequencies are unknown. Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. We can thus ob-tain a closed representation for each frequency band by performing a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT  , resulting in a set of 256 coefficients for the respective sine and cosine parts. Audio signals consists of a time-series of samples  , which we denote as st. The vibration modes of the flexible beam are identified by the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , and illustrated in Fig. The control voltages of controllers for the motor and the PZT actuators are sent to the servo amplifier and the ACX amplifier  , respectively  , through a PCL-727 D/A card. For example  , our Space Physics application 14 requires the FFT Fast Fourier Transform to be applied on large vector windows and we use OS-Split and OS- Join to implement an FFT-specific stream partitioning strategy. Window split is particularly useful when scaling the logical window size for an SQF with complexity higher than On over the window size. The Discrete Cosine Transform DCT is a real valued version of Fast Fourier Transform FFT and transforms time domain signals into coefficients of frequency component. We propose a robust method called DCT fingerprinting to address the sensitivity problem of hash-breaking. By exploiting a characteristic that high frequency components are generally less important than low frequency components  , DCT is widely used for data compression like JPEG or MPEG. Prior to setting up a closed-loop control system  , we investigated the dynamic response of the sensorized fingers. In an early attempt  , Anuta l  used cross-correlation to search for corresponding features between registered images; later he introduced the idea of using fast Fourier transform. In the past  , several researchers have addressed the problem of registering two images obtained from different viewpoints. Similar attempts   , using the sum of absolute differences  , were also reported in the early stages of research on this topic. The statistic behaviors for each indicator were determined computing the mean and standard deviation. The twenty-tree indicators are : 2 indicators of instant energy  , 3 obtained by fast Fourier transform FFT  , 16 from the computation of mean power frequency MPF and  , others resulting from the energy spectrum of each component derived from the wavelet decomposition of the normalized EMG. By averaging the values of pixels having the same y-coordinate in the stripe region  , an array of 24 intensity values along the stripe region in the x direction is obtained. Step 2: Since the primary task is to maintain visibility of the target  , the acceptable observer locations are marked. In 8  , it is shown that the Fast Fourier Transform can be used to efficiently obtain a C-space representation from the static obs1 ,acles and robot geornetry. After removing this noise data from the data  , the remaining elements are transformed into the time domain by using the inverse FFT. The resulting frequency spectra are plotted for pitch and roll in Fig. To better understand the nature of the VelociRoACH oscillations as a function of the stride frequency  , we used Python 3 to compute the fast Fourier transform of each run  , first passed through a Hann window  , and then averaged across repeated trials. These features are usually generated based on mel-frequency cepstral coefficients MFCCs 7 by applying Fast Fourier transforms to the signal. The waveform is split into frames often computed every 10-25 milliseconds ms using an overlapping window of 5-10 ms 9. The sharp pixel proportion is the fraction of all pixels that are sharp. The photographs are transformed from spatial domain to frequency domain by a Fast Fourier Transform  , and the pixels whose values surpass a threshold are considered as sharp pixels we use a threshold value of 2  , following 4. To obtain features  , we calculated the power of the segment of 1 second following the term onset using the fast Fourier transform and applying log-transformation to normalize the signal. In order to maximize the cortical activity signal and minimize muscle-related activity and other artifactual noise  , we included only the 20 centrally located electrodes. However  , it can still be used in open-loop control and other closed-loop control strategies. An array representation of the spaces is constructed  , which ultimately limits the current approach to observers  , that have only a few degrees of freedom. We discarded the leading one second of each trial to remove any transient effects. Used features. The used features are Root Mean Square RMS computed on time domain; Pitch computed using Fast Fourier Transform frequency domain; Pitch computed using Haar Discrete Wavelet Transform timefrequency domain; Flux frequency domain; RollOff frequency domain; Centroid frequency domain; Zero-crossing rate ZCR time domain. This study was conducted following the kinematcis classification from an electromyographical point of view  , based on time and frequency domains. Sharp pixel proportion 4 1 Photographs that are out of focus are usually regarded as poor photographs  , and blurriness can be considered as one of the most important features for determining the quality of the photographs. Two aspects of the new system can be underlined: the features are extracted without needing a specific key-pass phase  , and these extracted features belong to three different domains: time  , frequency  , and time-frequency more details about them in 1. They use the Discrete Fourier Transform DFT to map a time sequence to the frequency domain  , drop all but the first few frequencies  , and then use the remaining ones to index the sequence using a R*-tree 3 structure. The capability to find time-sequences or subsequences that are " similar " to a given sequence or to be able to find all pairs of similar sequences has several applications  , including  Permiasion to copy without fee all 01 part of this material is granted provided that the copies are not made OT distributed for direct commercial advantage  , the VLDB copyright notice and the title of the publication and its date appear   , and notice is given that copying is by permission of the In l  , an indexing structure was proposed for fast similarity searches over time-series databases  , assuming that the data aa well as query sequences were of the same length. Defining the I-space and a continuous mapping from I-space onto W-space. 2. A mapping from capability space to resource space expresses the fidelity profiles of available applications. A mapping from capability space to utility space expresses the user's needs and preferences. As described by Heck- bert Hec86   , the traditional graphical texturing problem comprises mapping a defined texture from some convenient space called the texture-space   , to the screen-space. Texture generation and mapping has received considerable attention in graphics. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Example. Let R be the orientation mapping from the surface-space to the world-space The object's surface-space can thus be mapped to world-space. This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. T ?iEW.flT J  , . For homogeneous robots  , it is the mapping From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. We call this new space the reduced information space and the mapping from the information space onto it the aggregation map. Among the many possible ways of choosing a partition   , one solution is to choose a particular function mapping the information space onto a smaller tractable space. The radial distance between the camera and target  , as measured along the optical axis  , factors into this mapping. Tracking by camera pan requires mapping pixel positions in the image space to target bearing angles in the task space. This fixed mapping gives more flexibility to the k-mer feature space  , but only increases the size of the feature space by a constant factor of 2. Thus  , the fixed 3  , 1 wildcard mapping of abc is {abc  , a*c}. The tangential space mapping where V s 7 is tlie gradient function for 7. and Veep is tlie tangential space mapping of the kinematic function' . because it is com- Differentiating tlie where D denotes the differential operator. the arm is in constant contact with the obstacle . Mapping transforms the problem of hashing keys into a different problem  , in a different space. The overall Mapping- Ordering-Searching MOS scheme is illustrated in Figure   2. Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. Stage 1. The directory space. , id-r for some mapping function G. yet to be defined. Reverse mapping is indicated by dotted arrows  , where the mapping of force flows in the opposite direction as velocity. The " directions " of these matrices show the forward mapping of velocity from one space to another. The mapping can include time variant contact conditions and also timely past and/or future steps during manipulation. The skill mapping SM gives the relation between the desired object trajectory This skill mapping SM maps from the 6-dimensional object position and orientation space to the 3n- dimensional contact point space. The texture properties are defined relative to an object's surface. Let R be the orientation mapping from the surface-space to the world-space The relationship between the topic space and the term space cannot be shown by a simple expression. The mapping is given by the matrix shown in equation 5. Of course  , this mapping concurs with inaccuracy. Similar patterns in the input space lie in a geographical near position in the output space. It admits infinite number of joint-space solutions for a given task-space trajectory. For a kinematically redundant system  , the mapping between task-space trajectory and the join-space trajectory is not unique. the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. A key component of this measure. J is the Jacobian matrix of linkage kinematics in leg space. These parameters are used to derive a mapping from each camera's image space to the occupancy map space. and is described by the following equations: v  , = v&+ B; denotes the stiffness mapping matrix relating the operational space to the fingertip space. In 2  , Koo and K ,  , denote the independent stiffness elements of the operational space and the fingertip space  , respectively. There is a continuous many-to-one mapping from I-space t o W-space determined by the forward kinematics of the arm. For any point in I-space  , there is a unique corresponding arm endpoint position in W-space. A singular value decomposition of this mapping provides the six-dimensional resolvabilify measure  , which can be interpreted as the system's ability to resolve task space positions and orientations on the sensor's image plane. The object centered Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space is an essential component of the sensor placement measure . The key idea in mapping to a higher space is that  , in a sufficiently high dimension  , data from two categories can always be separated by a hyper-plane. The mapping is done through kernel functions that allow us to operate in the input feature-space while providing us the ability to compute inner products in the kernel space. The mapping  , termed the planar kinematic mapping in Bottema and Roth 1979  , is a special case of dual quaternion representation of object position in a three dimensional space. The Image Space is a three dimensional projective space with four homogeneous coordinates . For the defined model the phase space is 6-dimensional. So the mapping Eunction is 5-dimensional. It requires  , first  , mapping a world description into a configuration space  , i.e. , generating the configuration space obstacles Lozano-Perez 811. The configuration space approach  , for example  , is computationally very expensive. In the case of our mobile robot we chose four particular variables for the reduced information vector. This kernel trick makes the computation of dot product in feature space available without ever explicitly knowing the mapping. The Hilbert curve is a continuous fractal which maps each region of the space to an integer. We employ two well-known space-mapping techniques: the Hilbert space-filling curve 15 and iDistance 23. As a result  , collision checking is also performed directly in the work space. The robot links and obstacles are represented directly in the work space  , thus avoiding the complex mapping of obstacles onto the C-space. Although the mapping is diffeomorphic  , the transformed path to the joint space possibly does not coincide with the optimal path in the joint space. Suppose that one path is planned in z space by a certain optimization scheme. This slicing was developed in 6 for use in teleoperation of robot arm manipulators. To alleviate this problem  , we propose a second mapping which transforms the 3D C-space into a discontinuous 2D space of " sliced " C-space obstacles. Available resource levels are provided by the system  , and constrain the configuration space to a feasible region. The resulting dynamical model is described by fewer equations in the u-space. The redundancy allows one to obtain a low-order model for the manipulator dynamics by mapping the joint velocity q- space to a pseudovelocity U- space. First  , a conventional automobile is underactuated non-holonomic  , so the mapping from C-space to action space is under-determined . An action space approach is attractive for the purposes of cross-country navigation for several reasons. But unlike the mapping on a basis  , a mapping to a dictionary does not allow the reconstruction of the data element. Similar to the mapping on a basis the mapping on a dictionary takes as input a data space element and outputs a coordinate vector. Experiments in 1  , 5 show that the LegoDB mapping engine is very effective in practice and can lead to reductions of over 50% in the running times of queries as compared to previous mapping techniques. LegoDB is a cost-based XML storage mapping engine that automatically explores a space of possible XML-torelational mappings and selects the best mapping for a given application. We have proved that the forbidden region of an obstacle can be computed only by mapping the boundary of the obstacle using the derived mapping function. A mapping function has been derived for mapping the obstacles into their corresponding forbidden regions in the work space. Also  , the stiffness mapping matrix B; between the operational space and the fingertip space of each hand can be represented by where i  B ;   denotes the stiffness mapping matrix between the operational space and the fingertip space of the ith hand. In this case  , the stiffness matrix in the operational space can be expressed as where i  K f  and ZG ,f denote the stiffness matrix in the fingertip space of the ith hand and the Jacobian matrix relating the fingertip space of the ith hand to the operational space  , respectively. Due to space limitations  , we cannot present all mapping rules. Where needed an informal explanation of the mapping rule is given and finally a formal definition using first-order predicate logic is given. However  , non-holonomic vehicles have constrained paths of traversal and require a different histogram mapping. The polar histogram is a suitable mapping from grid space to the histogram bins for holonomic vehicles with unconstrained steering directions. We have performed the task that pouring water from a bottle with the power grasp  , which can test the joint space mapping method. Some tasks were performed to evaluate the mapping method. This yields a coefficient vector with as many coordinates as there are dictionary elements. As reasoned above  , HePToX's mapping expressions define the data exchange semantics of heterogeneous data transformation. For space reasons  , here we just informally explain the mapping semantics by examining the two DTDs in Figure 1. The results of the Mapping stage are sufficiently random so that more space-expensive approaches are unnecessary . By using and extending Pearson's method 15   , mapping tables containing only 128 characters are produced . Teleoperation experiments show that the human hand model is sufficient accuracy for teleoperation task. The joint space mapping and modified fingertip position mapping method are exercised in the manipulation of dexterous robot hand. Instead we provide a few examples to illustrate the mapping. Providing the mapping of the entire OWL syntax into the three types of rules considered in this paper is beyond the scope and space limitations of this paper. Given the search space ΩP  covering all possible mappings   , finding a C min mapping boils down to inferring subsumption relationship between a mapping and the source predicate  , and between two mappings. Section 5.2 will discuss this approach in details. The transformation of pDatalog rules into XSLT is done once after the mapping rules are set up  , and can be performed completely automatically. The mapping is straight-forward  , but space precludes us from explaining it in detail. As in the example in Section 2  , the user provides the mapping between application resources and role-based access control objects using a Space-provided embedded domain-specific language. User-provided Mapping. The baseline approach builds a non-clustered index on each selection dimension and the rank mapping approach builds a multi-dimensional index for each ranking fragment. We compare the total space usage with baseline BL and rank mapping RM approaches. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the scnsorimotor mapping. The robot learns the mapping a.nd categorizations entirely within its seiisorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a priori internal representations. The parameters of the human hand model are calibrated by the open-loop calibration method based a vision system. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the sensorimotor mapping. The robot learns the mapping and catego-rizations entirely within its sensorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a przorz internal representations. In this context a datatype theory T is a partial mapping from URIrefs to datatypes. A RDFSDL vocabulary V is a set of URIrefs a vocabulary composed of the following disjoint sets:  VC is the set of concept class names  VD is the set of datatype names  VRA is the set of object property names  VRD is the set of datatype property names  VI is the set of individual names As in RDF  , a datatype " d " is defined by two sets and one mapping: Ld lexical space  , Vd value space and L2Vd the mapping from the lexical space to the value space. That is  , the cross-modal semantically related data objects should have similar hash codes after mapping. Then we attempt to learn a bridging mapping matrix  , M  , to map the hash codes from mpdimensional hamming space to mq-dimensional hamming space or vice versa  , by utilizing the cross-modal semantic correlation as provided by training data objects. By using this representation  , the robot is shrunk to a point with its position being represented by its end effector and the obstacles are represented as forbidden regions in the work space. If we control the sparsity of projection matrix A  , we could significantly reduce the mapping computation cost and the memory size storing projection matrix. But a large number of latent intents would greatly increase the cost of mapping queries from book space to the latent intent space. The coordinate form representation of the latter is given by tlie n x n manipulator Jacobian matrix DecpO. These solutions realize a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. The Jacobian matrix mapping the joint and the operational vector spaces of the fully-isotropic T3R2-type parallel manipulators presented in this paper is the identity 5×5 matrix throughout the entire workspace. For example   , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closedloop structured finger such as the finger with five-bar mechanism described in 8  , the backward mapping is unique. Note that the forward or backward Jacobian mapping between the joint space and the fingertip space may not be unique due to the structure of finger used in robot hands. In this paper  , we treat a robot hand with five-bar finger mechanism and then the stiffness relation between the fingertip space and joint space is described by using the backward Jacobian mapping. The lexical-to-value mapping is the obvious mapping from the documents to their class of equivalent OWL Full ontologies. To make this clear  , consider a datatype where the lexical space is the set of Turtle documents  , and the value space contains the equivalent classes of RDF graphs according to the OWL 2 RDF-based semantics entailment regime a.k.a OWL 2 Full. 1 We learn the mapping Θ by maximizing the likelihood of the observed times τi→j. We formalize this as τi→j ∼ f x; θ = Θai  , where Θ denotes a mapping from the space of actions A to the space of parameters of the probability density function f x; θ. Figure 1 shows the two essential mappings for skillful object manipulation. That is where it hurts in parallel kinematics  , especially when one considers only the actuator positions for sensing: the mapping is neither bijective several solutions to the forward kinematic problem nor differentiable singularities of any type. a differentiable bijective mapping between the sensor-space and the state-space of the system 16. Fullyisotropic PWs presented in this paper give a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. The Jacobian matrix mapping the joint and the operational vector spaces of the fully-isotropic PWs presented in this paper is the 3×3 identity matrix throughout the entire workspace. The hyper-plane is in a higher dimensional space called kernel space and is mapped from the feature space. toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. Since joint velocities incident to the constraint boundary aC i.e. A partial function I : S C mapping states to their information content is called an interpretation. Our theory distinguishes between an object state space S and an information content space C. The object state space consists of all the possible states that objects representing information might assume  , and the information space contains the information content representable in the object state space. The result is a task velocity toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. Mapping all the obstacles onto C-space is not computationally efficient for our particular problem; therefore  , collision detection is done in task space. In 19  , collision detection is done in C-space using the pre-determined C-space configuration although the random points are generated in task space. the set of positions and orientations that the robot tool can attain  , will be denoted by W = this section  , we show how the robot's task space can be mapped to the camera's visual feature space and then we will consider the mapping from the robot's configuration space to the visual feature space. The task space of the robot  , i.e. The control space is defined by the degrees of freedom of our haptic device  , the Phantom. However  , it is difficult to work in such a high-dimensional configuration space directly   , so we provide a mapping from a lower-dimensional control space to the configuration space  , and manipulate trajectories in the control space. The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. Each image space occupancy map is transformed to the map space by applying F equation 2. The 2n + 1 variables of.the access tree model form a 2n + 1 dimensional space R. The access model implies a mapping G: S ---> R from the space of file structures S ontu the space of all the combinations of model variable values  , R. This mapping is usually many-to-one because the variables only represent average characteristics of the file structures  , i.e. The details of these parameters are shown in Table 1. Weston et al 30 propose a joint word-image embedding model to find annotations for images. Then the model tries to learn a mapping from the image feature space to a joint space n R : A robotic system that has more than 6 dof degrees-of-freedom is termed as kinematically redundant system. Further  , addition and scalar multiplication cannot yield results similar to those performed in the data space. This implies that the mapping of a data element in the coordinate space of a dictionary does not allow reconstruction. Intuitively  , a tight connection between two documents should induce similar outputs in the new space. Let the mapping function Φ contain m elementary functions  , and each of them φ : X → R map documents into a onedimensional space. average pointer proportion and average size of filial sets of a level. But this mapping is not one-to-one  , there are infinite number of possible joint-space solutions for the same task-space trajectory. This is one of the most common techniques used for kinematically redundant systems. The tracking of features will be described in Section 3.1. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as f Figure 1 . Figure 2shows the resolvability of two different stereo camera configurations. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as Figure 4shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Since the mapping from I-space t o W-space is continuous  , and since a sphere is an orientable surface  , so is the cylinder surface. I Figurestead  , it is the surface of a cylinder Figure 5 . An alternative method of dealing with sparsity is by mapping the sparse high-dimensional feature space to a dense low-dimensional space. We describe it in more details next. Instead of mapping documents into a low-dimensional space  , documents are mapped into a high dimensional space  , but one that is well suited to the human visual system. Word clouds and their ilk take an alternative approach. Finally  , Space verifies that each data exposure allowed by the application code is also allowed by the catalog. Second  , Space uses the mapping defined by the user to specialize each exposure's constraints to the objects constrained by the catalog. To achieve the goal of partially automated configuration  , the model separates concerns into three spaces: user utility  , application capability  , and computing resources; and two mappings. 4 showed that the lexical features of the query space and the Web document space are different  , and investigated the mapping between query words and the words in visited search results in order to perform query expansion. Cui et al. In other words  , with longer lifespan  , the partitions at the upper corner of the space rendition contain more tuples  , hence more pages. Graphically  , their mapping points in the space rendition move up wards. The Hough transform 5 was developed as an aid to pattern recognition and is widely used today. Thus the Hough transform provides a one-to-one mapping of lines in the original space to points in the transform space. Ordering paves the way for searching in that new space  , so that locations can be identified in the hash table. In SMART the Jacobian is used for a wide variety of variable mappings. In robotics it typically refers to the velocity mapping between a robot's joint space and its world space motions. Many classical visualization techniques are based on dimensionality reduction  , i.e. , mapping high-dimensional data into a low dimensional space. The first is to visualize high-dimensional data in a high-dimensional space. To explain this mapping from intention space to relevancy space  , let us assume we have a resource R which has been tweeted by some author at time ttweet. Figure 2a This difference becomes larger in the region which is far from the origin. The unique mapping is highly related to the concept of observability. This transformed state space is equivalent to the state space consisting of the deflection angles θ and ψ i with its timederivatives . Figure 2: Mapping between sensor space and mental space based on empirical rules and physical intuition. Subconscious knowledge or techniques often play an important role in human task performance. Therefore  , it is represented by a mapping of the shape space Q into the force-distribution space T*Q. A compliance can be regarded as a conservative force field. Using the learned sensorimotor mapping and body ima.ge  , the robot chooses an action in the sensorimotor space to circumnavigate obstacles and reach goals. sensorimotor space that extends beyond the cmiera's view based on collisions. First  , for an input hyper-plane  , all the cluster boundaries intersect the hyper-plane are selected. More formally  , the forward mapping from the input space to the output space can be accomplished as follows. The paper is organized as follows. The proposed method uses a nullspace vector in the velocity mapping between the q-space and the u-space to guarantee the continuity in the joint velocities. Finally  , in Section 6 we describe several simulation experiments. This representation greatly simplifies collision checking and the search for a path. From this perspective  , visual tools can help to better understand and manipulate the mapping into the program space. In general  , programmers use a language to map their ideas into a program space. In fact  , the theoretical condition for the validity of a sensor-based control is that there exists a diffeomorphism i.e. A different approach is to derive a reduced-order dynamical manipulator model 6. A typical trial comprised the mapping of several hundred square metres of trials space  , followed by two or more days testing a wide variety of runs through this space. The sorting office had many impermanent sonar features. Let  , the joint velocity polytope of a n-dof manipulator be described by the 2n bounding inequalities: This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. Tracking in this manner is known as piloting 3 or steering 4. Note that this definition implicitly assumes to be able to generate negative values for the joint variables. These ellipsoids are the mapping froin unitary balls in t ,he velocity/force joint space to the analogous in the task space. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 3shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration . In this paper  , we consider a compliance and damping as impedance elements. On the other hand  , a damping is a mapping of the shape-velocity space TQ into its dual space T*Q. However  , there is a large gap between the problem space and the solution space. Establishing a mapping between domain model and the architecture is the objective of domain engineering 16. To compare the operations allowed by an application to those permitted by our security patterns  , a mapping is required between the objects defined in the RBAC model and the resources defined by the application. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Space asks the user to define this mapping. In many cases  , this mapping is obvious a resource named " User " in the application   , for example  , almost always represents RBAC users  , but in general it is not possible to infer the mapping directly. Formally  , it is a mapping from types of application resources to types of RBAC objects; the mapping is a relation  , since some application resources may represent more than one type of RBAC object. The robot learns a sensorimotor mapping and affordance categorizations or proto-symbols and uses the mapping for primitive navigation to exploit affordances. The robot learns a sensorimotor mapping and affordance categorizations and projects the mapping into the future to exploit affordances . The results of the experiment are summarized in Figure 4. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive We transformed the strings to an integer space by mapping them to their frequency vectors. to transform one string to the other. Extensive fault tests show that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly hurt reliability. This exposure can be reduced by write protecting buffer pages. These embeddings often capture and/or preserve linguistic properties of words. Word-embeddings are a mapping from words to a vector space. plastic  , metal or glass  , to friction cone angles that define the grasp wrench space. On a basic level  , this is often approached by mapping discrete material properties  , e.g. The XSLT stylesheets are created based on the pDatalog rules. In this section  , we formally define the extension of the database . However  , due to space limitation  , we describe the intension to extension mapping only. So uncertainty can be represented as a sphere in a six dimensional space. Thus the mapping from one we consider the characteristically same configuration of a manipulator. The -mapping model confirms that this gap does exist in the 4-D space. The gap between cluster A and B can be visually perceived. Triplify automatically generates all the resources in the update URI space  , when the mapping µ in the Triplify configuration contains the URL pattern " update " . Invocation. However  , space precludes an explanation here. There are additional details that concern how to preserve the data structure which holds the mapping of disk pages to buffer pages. Another dynamically consistent nullspace mapping  , which fits very well in the framework of operational space control  , was proposed by Khatih 61: by the manipulator's mass matrix. The language model described in 2 falls in this category. This mapping has two main advantages. We then apply the space-filling curve to this future position to obtain the second component of Equation 1. Clearly  , this constraint reduces the size of our search space. Thus  , when we come to mapping the root location  , we only consider configurations meeting the constraint. However  , the efficiency of exhaustion is still intolerable when SqH is large. The introduction of Query-Topic Mapping reduces the search space significantly in Opti-QTM. This mapping can be extended naturally to expressions. The repair space is thus E ∪ S. We recall that a program state σ maps variables to values. Therefore  , we only describe a number of representative examples  , though others can be described in a similar way. Traditional information retrieval systems have focused on mapping a well-articulated query onto an existing information space 4  , 43. Integrating Queries and Browsing. This places reliable memory under complete database control  , eliminates double buffering  , and simplifies recovery. Mapping reliable memory into the database address space allows a persistent database buffer cache. In the EROC architecture this mapping function is captured by the abstraction mapper. Logical expressions are mapped by an optimizer search engine to a space of physical expressions. We also show this in the demo. First artificial space-variant sensors are described in 22. Such a peripherally graded pattern was first expressed as a conformal exponential mapping in 21. This dictionary element is therefore represented twice. After this approach  , C hyperplanes are obtained in the feature space. is a mapping function and b i is a scalar. However  , the lack of this optimization step as of now does not impact the soundness of the approach. This helps to prune the space for conducting containment mapping. When we increase the mean lifespan of tuples  , more tuples have longer lifespan. The exact mapping of topics and posts to vectors depends on the vector space in which we are operating. Vector construction. Tracking of articulated finger motion in 3D space is a highdimensional problem. The corresponding mapping from classified hand postures to Barrett configurations is selected offline in advance. We can understand them as rules providing mapping from input sensor space to motor control. For the sake of clarity  , the parameters listed are also discretized. The mapping of the Expressivity to more than one sub-parameter consequently constrains the space of all possible configurations. ble as to be seen in Figure 3 . The space of word clouds is itself high-dimensional  , and indeed  , might have greater dimension than the original space. Our use of the stress function is slightly unusual  , because instead of projecting the documents onto a low-dimensional space  , such as R 2   , we are mapping documents to the space of word clouds. So  , in a rr@rm space  , in which slope is plotted along one axis and intercept along the other  , every point uniquely determines and is uniquely determined by a line in the regular space. Absolute space comes from the idea that the representation for each space should be independent of all other spaces. I Absolute Space Representation: An Absolute Space Representation or ASR 7   , is a cognitive mapping technique used to build models of rooms or spaces visited. Since an adversary can no longer simulate a one-to-n item mapping by a one-to-one item mapping  , in general  , we can fully utilize the search space of a one-to-n item mapping to increase the cost of attack and prevent the adversary to easily guess the correct mapping. Note that the number of possible transformed transactions is 2 |B S F | which is much larger than the number of possible original transactions 2 |I| . Because it is difficult to build a feature space directly  , instead kernel functions are used to implicitly define the feature space. This mapping is defined as φ : X → F   , where X is the original space  , and F is the feature space. Because the synibol space is continuous space and the dynainics in this space is continuous system  , the continuous change of the vector field in the inotioIi space and the continuous motion transition is realized. By the mapping function F  , the reduced motion zk is extracted t o the joint angles of the robot 9k. U refers to map the query text q from the m-dimensional text space to the kdimensional latent space by a liner mapping  , and V refers to map the retrieved image d from the n-dimensional image space to the k-dimensional latent space. where U ∈ R k×m and V ∈ R k×n . Lewis Lew89 surveys methods based on noise  , while Perlin Per851 Per891 presents noisebased techniques which by-pass texture space. Since the animation and the trajectory are equivalent  , we may alter the trajectory and derive a new animation from the altered trajectory. For example  , the integral and differential equations which map A-space to C-space in a flat 2D world are given below: During the transient portion the steering mechanism is moving to its commanded position at a constant rate. The mapping from A-space to C-space is the well-known Fresnel Integrals which are also the equations of dead reckoning in navigation. To find the stiffness relation between the joint space and the fingertip space  , it is first needed to consider the structure of finger in the hand. The wirtual obstacle is a continuum of points in I-space corresponding t o those arm positions in W-space at which the arm intersects some obstacles. When the hand system grasps the peg for the compliance center 0 1 of Figure 4   , this is identical to combine the two cases of Figures 2If the compliance center is moved to the point 0 2   , the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y1 in 6 changes into negative  , and the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y2 in 11 changes into negative . While a tight as possible mapping uses the reach space of the robot hand optimally   , it may nevertheless occur that  , since the human finger's workspace can only be determined approximately   , some grasps may lead to finger tip positions which lie outside reach space of the artificial hand. When considering the mapping of the reach spaces of the human and robot hands we are faced with the following problem. For a more complete description of this mapping from activation level space to force space  , see 25. Extreme points in the space of applied forces are created by limits in activation levels some tendons will be at their maximum force and some will be inactive. Then the two robots exchange roles in order to explore a chain of free-space areas which forms a stripe; a series of stripes are connected together to form a trapezoid. One robot moves and sweeps the line of visual contact across the free space  , thus mapping a single region of free space. LSH is a framework for mapping vectors into Hamming space  , so that the distances in the Hamming hash space reflect those in the input space: similar vectors map to similar hashes. Among the common methods to achieve this is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 1. The one-class classification problem is formulated to find a hyperplane that separates a desired fraction of the training patterns from the origin of the feature space F. This hyperplane cannot be always found in the original feature space  , thus a mapping function Φ : F − → F   , from F to a kernel space F   , is used. in 21. In vector-space retrieval  , a document is represented as a vector in t-dimensional space  , where t is the number of terms in the lexicon being used. Documents are retrieved by mapping q into the row document space of the term-document matrix  , A: Therefore  , it can be computed off-line and used as a look-up table  , forming the following pseudo-code: The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. It is not possible  , in general  , to compute the speed and steering commands which will cause a vehicle to follow an arbitrary C-space curve. The interface allows direct mapping between the interaction space to a 3D physical task space  , such as air space in the case of unmanned aerial vehicles UAVs  , or buildings in the case of urban search and rescue USAR or Explosive Ordnance Disposal EOD robotic tasks. The 3D Tractus was designed with 3D spatial tangible user interfaces TUIs themes in mind. Denote the joint space of an n-joint  , serialdifferentiability of g is necessary because the joint accelerations are bounded  , and therefore the joint velocities must be continuous . In its most abstract form  , the forward kinematics of a serial-link manipulator can be regarded as a mapping from joint space to operational space. The space overhead problem is crucial for Semantic Search  , which involves the: use of a space consuming indexing relation: A weighted mapping between indexing terms and document references. We study the two complcmcntary access methods through a common approach designed to improve time access and space overhead  , the Signature techniques Crh84. The construction of the configuration space  , the control space  , the mapping between them and the haptic forces makes it possible to author and edit animations by manipulating trajectories in the control space. We have provided several techniques for editing existing trajectories  , and as this is done the user can see the effect on the animation in real time. For example  , we can present a current situation and retrieve the next feasible situation through interpolation. With the FSTM partitioned effectively as an union of hyper-ellipsoids  , we can obtain the mapping from an input space of a dimensions to an output space of f3 dimensions in the N-dimensional augmented space  , a+f31N. If our thesis is correct  , physical TUIs such as the 3D Tractus can help reduce the ratio of users per robots in such tasks  , and offer intuitive mapping between the robotic group 3D task space and the user's interaction space. Examples may range from mining tasks  , space exploration  , UAVs or Unmanned Undersea Vehicles UUV. ORDBMSs that execute UDFs outside the server address space could employ careful mapping of address space regions to obtain the same effect. Also  , calls to SAPI functions from the AM extension execute as regular C function calls within the server address space  , so there is no need to " ship " the currently active page to the AM extension; copy overhead is therefore avoided. However  , subsequent research publications report 1 ,13 that a direct mapping from source to target TUs without an intermediate phonetic representation often leads to better results. Pt|s as a series of conversions from the grapheme space spelling of the source language to the phoneme space pronunciation  , and then to the grapheme space of the target language. The manipulator knows some mappings from the problem space to the solution space and estimates the mapping for the goal problem by using them. The solution space is a set of manipulator trajectories or a label representing there is no solution for the problem. We will discuss the haptics in Section 2.3  , but first we give the mathematical model. During learning  , the simple classifier is trained over dataset T producing a hypothesis h mapping points from input space X to the new output space Y . This is necessary during the search over the space of subsets of clusters  , and while estimating final predictive accuracy. FigureObject a has a different geometrical feature than object b  , yet under many grasping configurations  , the relation between the body attached coordinate system of the gripper and the object is the same. Furthermore  , this mapping is naturally a many to many mapping that can be reduced to a many to one mapping in obstacle free environments  , thus reducing the learning space and resulting in a much better generalization. In this figure  , the transformations are defined as: 2 functionfis also relating between gripper and object configurations  , then the relationship between an object geometry  , task requirements and gripper constraints can now be mapped to a generic relation between two coordinate systems. In future it is likely that as we move to a push model of information provision we should provide the means to have local variants of ontologies mapping into our AKT computer science 'standard reference' ontology. In this version of CS AKTive Space we have not included this ontology mapping capability since we have been responsible for engineering the mapping of the heterogeneous information content. The mapping provided by the user translates between the RBAC objects constrained by the pattern catalog and the resource types defined in the application code. Space requires the mapping above and MediumClone's source code—it needs no further input or guidance from the user. Space does not permit entire rules templates are shown or the inclusion of the entire mapping rule set  , but this is not needed to show how the homomorphism constrains the rules. In order to illustrate the interaction between metamodels   , a homomorphism  , and a set of mapping rules  , we examine portions of two rules from the formalization of UML with Promela. If space-filling curves are used  , the mapping is distance-preserving  , i. e. similar values of the original data are mapped on similar index data  , and that for all dimensions. By mapping multi-dimensional data to one-dimensional values  , a one-dimensional indexing method can be applied. The PSOM concept SI can be seen as the generalization of the SOM with the following three main extensions: the index space S in the Kohonen map is generalized to a continuous mapping manifold S E Etm. Unfortunately  , in general the planes do not match at the borders of the Voronoi-cells  , which may leave discontinuities in the overall mapping. Also  , we performed some teleoperation tasks to test modified fingertip position mapping method such as: grasping a litter cube block only with index finger and thumb; grasping a bulb and a table tennis ball with four fingers. Figure 2shows the structure of the global address scheme and an example mapping. To build a global catalogue of a user's personal information space  , each file needs to have a unique and non-ambiguous mapping between a global namespace and its actual location. The basic approach in 9 is to treat the problem as a search for desired functions in a large search space s. In actuality  , preparatory Mapping and Ordering steps are needed so that fast Searching can take place. The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. Hence  , the recommender system can explain to u3 that " T oy Story " is recommended because he/she likes comedy and " T oy Story " is a comedy. Here  , we adopt the PARAFAC model 4 to carry out further tensor decomposition on the approximate core tensorˆStensorˆ tensorˆS to obtain a set of projection matricesˆPmatricesˆ matricesˆP The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. The best among the derived configurations is selected using cost estimates obtained by a standard relational optimizer. We represent the design space synthesis function  , c  , as a semantic mapping predicate in our relational logic  , taking expressions in the abstract modeling language to corresponding concrete design spaces. Relation c can be seen as mapping abstract  , intensional models of design spaces to extensional representations   , namely sets of concrete design variants. Example 2.2 select culture painting title : t  , Figure 5: Path-to-path Mappings pings save space by factorizing DTD similarities and allow semi-automatic mapping generation. cultureepaintinggtitle is mapped to WorkOfArtttitle because their leaf nodes are equal and there is a mapping between the context of title cultureepainting and a sub-path of WorkOfArtttitle. This inference is specific to data types– For some types  , it is straightforward  , while others  , it is not. The solutions we obtain through mapping are not optimal; however  , due to the good locality properties of the space mapping techniques  , information loss is low  , as we demonstrate experimentally in Section 6. Recall that both optimal k-anonymity and -diversity are NP-hard 14  , 13  in the multi-dimensional case. It is desired to ensure the mapping functions Φx to be consistent with respect to the structure of G| T V  , E. In the following  , we measure the information loss of each k-anonymous or -diverse group using N CP   , and the information loss over the entire partitioning using GCP see Section 2. For navigation  , the mapping is served as the classifier for the distribution of features in sensor space and the corresponding control commands. The learned lookuptable is the reactive 191 sensorcontrol mapping that explicitly stores the relations between different local environmental features and the corresponding demonstrated control commands. In this method  , the optimal trajectories in the state space are grouped using the data obtained from cell mapping. A cell mapping based method has been developed to systematically generate the rules of a near-optimal fuzzy controller for autonomous car parking. The information bases under the other mappings show the same general trend. Although we ran comparisons under all three mappings  , due to space constraints  , we show only measurements taken under the M-NC mapping  , because M-NC was the superior mapping in Section 5.2. Space uses this mapping to specialize the constraints derived from the checks present in the code to the set of RBAC objects  , so that the two sets of security checks can be compared. If the handles were clustered  , the strength of Btrees and direct mapping was exhibited. If the handles were clustered randomly  , direct mapping performed a little better than both hashing and the B+-tree because it used significantly less disk space about 30 ,000 pages. When a robot link moves around an obstacle  , the link-obstacle contact conditions vary between vertex-edge and edge-vertex contacts . In this paper  , we investigate the collision-free path planning problem for a robot with two aims cooperating in the robot's work space. However  , despite the importance of vision as a localization sensor  , there has been limited work on creating such a mapping for a vision sensor. Having a mapping of sensor performance across the configuration space has been argued to be beneficial and important. Particular mapping functions have to be defined  , which makes the problem more complex but in turn only meaningful configurations might be created. Experimental results on a Pentium 4 with an average load of 0.15 have shown an average query time of 0.03 seconds for the mapping and 0.35 seconds for the ranking when mapping to 300 terms. These are compared to Ouδ for the vector space method. The user can interact in the 3D domain by physically sliding the 3D Tractus surface up and down in space. Within the RDS we can treat elements of X as if they were vectorial and  , depending on the approximative quality of the mapping  , we can expect the results to be similar to those performed if they were defined in the original space. The RDS R – a quotient space given by the equivalence class of coefficient vectors resulting in the same dictionary element over the vector space R n – and the RDIP ·  , ·· R form a vector space with inner product. Queries belonging to this URL pattern have to return at least two columns. Figure 4 shows that the first two latent dimensions cluster the outlets in interpretable ways. We start by looking at the mapping of the labeled outlets  , as listed in Table 3  , in the space spanned by the latent dimensions. We emphasize that these features cannot be calculated before the result page is formed  , thus do not participate in the ranking model. Namely  , let W be the function mapping the space of Yfeatures to the weights: To our knowledge  , this is the first work that measures how often data is corrupted by database crashes. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly decrease reliability. Our second software design Section 5.2 addresses this problem by mapping the Rio file cache into the database address space. Second  , databases can manage memory more optimally than a file system can  , because databases know more about their access patterns. This exposes reliable memory to database crashes  , and we quantify the increased risk posed by this design. This is consistent with the estimates given in Sullivan9la  , Sullivan93J. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space has only a small effect on the overall reliability of the system. Then any multi-dimensional indexing method can be used to organize  , cluster and efficiently search the resulting points. The idea is to extract n numerical features from the objects of int ,erest  , mapping them into points in n-dimensional space. First  , we generated a dictionary that has a mapping between terms and their integer ids. In this section  , we describe how we transformed the candidate documents in each sub-collection into its representation in the Vector Space Model VSM. Documents are retrieved by mapping q into the row document space of the term-document matrix  , A: Like the documents  , queries are represented as tdimensional vectors  , and the same weighting is applied to them. We address these two issues by mapping the answer and question to a shared latent space and measure their similarity there. Therefore  , surface level similarity measures such as Cosine or Jaccard will fail to identify relevant propositions. TermWatch maps domain terms onto a 2D space using a domain mapping methodology described in SanJuan & Ibekwe-SanJuan 2006. For the second period 2006-2008  , 1938 records were obtained. In this paper we introduce one way of tackling this problem. Mapping navigable space is important for mobile robots and can also he a product in its own right  , e.g. , in the case of reconnaissance . IJsing this mapping reactive obstacle avoidance can be achieved. This effectively maps the low-dimensional force vector F from the workspace into the high-dimensional joint space of the manipulator. This could be done by mapping the object parameters into the feature space and thus writing them as a geometric constraint. In the case that a model of the environment is given  , one might also wish to incorporate obstacle constraints . We also plan to apply this method to general C-space mapping for convex polyhedra. We hope to extend this method in the future to work with non-convex polyhedra. Due to space limitation  , the detailed results are ignored. The results are beyond our expectations: the learned lexical mapping did not help for all the three ranking methods CS  , QL and KL. Finally  , an implementation of concurrent control as a mapping of constraints between individual controllers is demonstrated. Fourth  , a general framework for concurrent control borrowing from priority-based null-space control of redundant manipulators is described. Nevertheless it's possible that with different kernels one could improve on our results. It appears that the data does form a consistent mapping in high dimensional space  , and therefore we were able to get good results. This paper explores the utility of MVERT for exploration and observing multiple dynamic targets. These approaches build maps of an unknown space by selecting longterm goal points for each robot Other approaches focus more mapping I81 19. In semi-autonomous navigation  , omnidirectional translational motion is used for mapping desired user velocities to the configuration space. The robot is driven by selecting commands on the ASPICE GUIs; a mouse is used as input device. We then calculate the mean of its column-wise Pearson correlation coefficients with Y . The slice held out is then mapped to the 3-D latent space with mapping matrix and appended to the learned embeddings of the other slices. We c m directly transfer the calibrated joints value measured by the CyberGlove@ to the robot hand. After h e calibration and knowing accurate joint angles of human hand fingers  , the joint space mapping is easy to fulfill. If the automated system could function well in this space  , then it will also function well in the retirement community. The automated behavioral mapping surveillance system was setup to replicate the installation area  , as well as the ambient lighting conditions. These include scaling  , rotation  , and synchronization of observations from several tours of a space. Beck and Wood 2 include several common operations involved in map-making in their model of urban mapping. The time series are further standardized to have mean zero and standard deviation one. The space V now consists of all time series extracted from shapes with the above mapping . Let¨be Let¨Let¨be a feature mapping and be the centroid matrix of¨´µ of¨´µ  , where the input data matrix is represented as in the feature mappingörmappingör the feature space explicitly. At this time  , it might be effective to subtract the explained component in the target ordering from sample orders. After that  , by mapping attribute vectors to the new sub-space  , components in attributes related to this vector are subtracted. An intermediate future work would be to incorporate the XQuery logical optimization technique in 9  in our normalization step to reduce the possible navigation redundancies in the VarTree representation. For discrete QoS dimensions  , for instance audio fidelity   , whose values are high  , medium and low  , we simply use a discrete mapping table to the utility space. latency by flipping the order of the good and bad values . Since the target predicate has a pre-defined domain of values  , each representing a range  , our search space is restricted to disjunctions of those ranges. Consider mapping between the price predicates in Example 1. triples that represent specific points in the geometric space. Mappings model both the descriptive characteristics of an object  ,  Relationships among objects are modeled by " domainobject   , mapping-object  , range-object. Thus  , mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space does not significantly lower reliability. These uncommitted buffers are vulnerable to the same degree in all three systems Section 5.2. But it does not become a subject of this paper so far as an n-a imensional space. We use this mapping to parameterize the grasp controller described in Section 3. The opposition space is important to this discussion because it links specific contact regions on the hand surface with the role they play in the grasp. The particular minimum of 3 in which the robot finds itself is dependent on the path traversed through through joint space to reach current joint angles. Thus the forward kinematics  , given the actuator states  , is not necessarily a unique mapping. For example  , a typical mapping approach  , called approximate cell decomposition 7  , maps an environment into cells of predefined shapes. There is usually a trade-off between low cost in time and space and high map fidelity and path quality. Second  , the inverse model  , the mapping from a desired state to the next action is not straightforward. First  , since soil is not rigid  , a C-space representation of natural terrain has very high dimensionality. The above results represent the first approach to a perception mapping system; it involves all sensors and all space around the robot. A crucial issue is naturally the sensor overlapping configuration. The global exploration st ,rategy provides the order in which these areas are explored. The local exploration strategy guides the path traveled for the mapping of a convex area of free space a triangle  , or a trapezoid. Section 2 extends Elfes' 2-D probabilistic mapping scheme to 3-D space and describes a framework for workspace modeling using probabilistic octrees. Finally  , simulation results and performance considerations are presented for the power line maintenance application. -procedures for mapping sensory errors into positional/rotational errors e.g. -providing the a-priori knowledge on the C-space configuration and the type of shared control active compliance or using nominal sensory pat- terns. This property can be viewed as the contraction of the phase space around the limit cycle. The mapping F is stable if the first return map of a perturbed state is closer to the fixed point. This is because we excluded the coupling terms iKfxyi=1 ,2 ,3 in the fingertip space for independent finger control. Note that the elements of the second row of the mapping matrix are calculated as zero. The sensory-motor elements are distributed and can be reused for building other sequences of actions. This will build a mapping of the sensory-motor space to reach this goal. In particularly  , by allowing random collisions and applying hash mapping to the latent factors i.e. We address this problem by implementing feature hashing 27 on the space of matrix elements. we can both reduce the search space and avoid many erroneous mappings between homonyms in different parts of speech. We assume that by mapping only nouns to nouns  , verbs to verbs  , etc. Imitation of hand trajectories of a skilled agent could be done through a mapping of the proprioceptive and external data. The collected data could be used for generating unexplored movement and for reaching unexplored positions in the action space. A mapping is defined by specifying an implementation component in the requires section of an abstract package definition. Abstract components from the problem space are distinguished from implementation components by having an empty location field in their package definition. The kernel function implicitly maps data into a highdimensional reproducing kernel Hilbert space RKHS 7  and computes their dot product there without actually mapping the data. is a kernel function  , and C > 0 is the cost parameter . Clearly  , this plot does not reveal structures or patterns embedded in the data because data dojects spread across the visual space. The right view of Figure 5 shows the result of a random mapping of host names. two different paths in the interpretation space can lead to the same program. If the mapping from problem descriptions to programs is to be rich enough to generate a sufficiently wide variety of programs  , ambiguity is an unavoidable consequence  , i.e. An architectural style specification  , omitted due to space limitation  , defines the co-domain of an architectural map. 10 } Listing 2: The elided mapping predicate for the SCC application type and REST architectural style Section 2 presents object-relational mapping ORM as a concrete driving problem. This paper provides one solution to this problem  , particularly for design space models expressible within a relational logic 20 . Space  , in contrast  , requires only that the programmer provide a simple object mapping. Boci´cBoci´c and Bultan 3 and Near and Jackson 24 check Rails code  , but require the user to write a specification. Later  , we generalized this idea to map the strings to their local frequencies for different resolutions by using a wavelet transform. 7  , 8  presented techniques for representing text documents and their associated term frequencies in relational tables  , as well as for mapping boolean and vector-space queries into standard SQL queries. Grossman et al. The acquired parameter values can then be used to predict probability of future co-occurrences. Figure 1: Mapping entities in folksonmies to conceptual space rameters by maximizing log-likelihood on the existing data set. Indeed  , mapping technology itself—including the prior technology of the printed map— privileges a particular cognitive perspective 9. Geographers and historians emphasize that a map advocates a way of thinking about space  , rather than transmitting the single correct representation. We address this problem by implementing feature hashing 28 on the space of matrix elements. We built an earlier Java-based prototype in order to rapidly explore the design space for visual mapping of organizations. Both the faces and the displayed information are obtained from a centralized corporate directory. Our choice of visual design builds upon one of the simplest hierarchical layouts  , the icicle plot 1. The classifier was trained to be conservative in handling the Non-Relevant categorization. After examining the relevancy of the datasets using our developed relevancy classifier  , we now use our TIRM mapping scheme in transforming the results into the intention space. Second  , suboptimal mappings have a larger impact in the two-dimensional space than in the unidimensional one. Thus  , mapping an entity to a suboptimal random coordinate affects the spatial deviation of more blocks in DBPedia than in BTC09. The access interface need only maintain a relatively simple mapping between object identifiers and storage locations. b Large holdings can be moved to wherever space is available  , without having to rewrite the corresponding catalog database. The attribute for each sample point object occupanjcy or free space was determined by the solid interference function "SOLINTERF" in AME. The sample points for RCE mapping were randomly selected in the CAD environment. Higher map resolution and better path usually mean more cells thus more space and longer planning time. This design offers more protection than the first two designs  , but manipulating protections may slow perfor- mance. Keeping an I/O interface to reliable memory requires the fewest modifications to an existing database but wastes memory capacity and bandwidth with double buffering. maximum heap space  , and the numbers of MultiExprs and ExprXlasses in the logical and physical expression spaces at the end of optimization. The columns in the tables show enumeration  , mapping  , and total optimization times  , estimated execution co&! This narrows down the search space of potential objects on the image significantly. Based on the mapping  , the FMA is used to retrieve a list of anatomical entities that could possibly be detected in this body region. Second  , consider the mapping of textual words into the latent space in LSCMR. But we find something interesting that though some topics overlap  , some smaller but more precise topics are discovered see the two " Biology " topics in Table 5. The mapping of feasible initial-state perturbations around a nominal initial state x 0 to sensor-observation perturbations is given by the observability matrix Let the columns of the matrix N span the null-space of B. We apply a. liyclrodynamic potential field in the sensorimotor spa.ce to choose an action cf. For an environment depicted in Fig. This histogram was established from a mapping from a 3D space to 2D ZXplane using the depth inforniation to represent the obstacles in the environment. The fuzzy rules and membership functions are then generated using the statistical properties of the individual trajectory groups. Figure 11shows another mapping. In a computer implementation  , if the available storage space is scarce  , it is straightforward to devise other mappings from hexagonal to quadractic not necessarily rectangular grids that do not leave empty cells. In computer graphics  , for cxample  , an object model is defined with respect to a world coordinate system. Many problems in computer vision and graphics require mapping points in space to corresponding points in an image. Fundamentally  , thc dccomposition in 12 rcprcscnts a. mapping from the space of infinitc-dimcnsiona.1 rcalvalucd functions to thc finitc-dimcnsiona.1 spa.cc  ?P. Thus we would wa.nt to decompose  ,BTs into 8 cocfficients , Employing this demonstration technique saves from the burden of mapping the human kinematics as in other approaches 7  , 14. Moreover  , kinaesthetic teaching intrinsically solves the correspondence problem  , as the robot learns in its own joints space. A phase space represents the predicted sensory effects of chains of actions. Projection heuristics provide an efficient method of projecting a learned sensorimotor mapping into the future to exploit affordances. We will develop a polygonal line method to avoid the poor solutions by fitting the line segments without any mapping or length constraints. This is due to their fixed topology on the latent data space or to bad initialization 8. Additionally  , potential clusters are maximally S-connected  , i.e. We represent these more compactly by mapping regions from the original space to descriptor nodes that record the object count for these regions. In the aforementioned methods it is assumed that the dataset is embedded into a higher-dimensional space by some smooth mapping. This number of components can be viewed as the number of effective dimensions in the data. Measure the relativity between the semantics of a tag t k and the chosen dimension according to the The intent of any input query is identified through mapping the query into the Wikipedia representation space  , spanned by Wikipedia articles and categories. 14 leveraged Wikipedia for the intent classification task. According to the objective function 6  , we think that the optimal r-dimensional embedding X *   , which preserves the user-item preference information  , could be got by solving the following problem: Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. During the final phase of resolution i.e. , relation mapping  , the remaining relationships between concepts are mapped into the viewpoint model space. If types conflict  , HyDRA assists in the conflict's resolution. These relations may include temporal relations  , meronymic relations  , causal relations  , and producer/consumer relations. In practice  , we can often encode the same probability distribution much more concisely. The size of a probabilistic mapping may be quite large  , since it essentially enumerates a probability distribution by listing every combination of events in the probability space. The mapping from the system state to the Java code we implemented is straightforward. Space limitations do not allow us to concentrate on the implementation  , which is thoroughly described in 19. In this section  , we discuss our development of predicate mapper  , which realizes the type-based search-driven mapping machinery. Due to space limitation   , please refer to 12 for more details. Both problems are NP-hard in the multidimensional space. In this paper  , we developed a framework for solving the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multidimensional quasi-identifiers to one dimension. The relationship between database intension and extension then is an injective mapping between two topological spaces. That is  , the extension of a database can be seen as a topological space built out of entities rather than entity types. The state of the art in multimedia indexing is based on feature extraction 30  , 161. In the following  , lower-case bold Roman letters denote column vectors  , and upper-case ones denote matrices. We aim to derive a mapping Ψ : X → V that projects the input features into a K-dimensional latent space. The use of these techniques for document space representation has not been reported In the literature. Therefore  , transformation methods must be considered which are more efficient than the mapping techniques In the generation of the data point  ,. ,... ,.uon. This solution is one of five Pareto-optimal solutions in the design space for our customer-order object model. Figure 6presents a graphical depiction of an Alloy object encoding a synthesized OR mapping solution. The second component of the visual mapping is brightness . In particular  , the brightness of a statement  , s  , is computed by the following equation: 5In color space models  , a pigment with zero brightness appears as black. Indeed  , there is no theoretical basis for mapping documents into a Euclidean space at all. While this framework  , like many others  , has no theoretical basis  , it is an intuitive extension of a vector based approach. Apart from the limited number of discontinuities  , the mapping from pose-space to eigenspace is conformal: that is  , continuous but curved. In the experiments described below we used a fix sample grid of Ax=Ay = 50cm and A0 = 0.5 degrees. The tip of the bucket position and its orientation relative to the horizontal are the task space variables being controlled. Cylin-der extensions are determined from the joint angles using a polynomial mapping  Selective usage of these elements may be more suited for specific situations of navigation. The output is well-defined  , closed under the operation  , and is unique. Taking this function as weighting for the individual behaviours from the input space  , a mapping is defmed between the input and output spaces. These are highly desirable properties for an unsupervised feature mapping which facilitate learning with very few instances. Similar poses of the same object remain close in the feature-space  , expressing a low-dimensional manifold. The camera-totarget distance remains constant when the target horizontally translates in a plane parallel to the camera's image plane and simple perspective is used for the image-to-task space mapping. Tracking by camera translation is much simplier. uncertainty in the kinematics mapping which is dynamic dependent. The required joint trajectory cannot be generated by the given trajectory in inertia space due t o the dynamic parametel. Most approaches increase efficiency by dividing large multi-robot problems into several smaller single-robot tasks. Since the PCM contains only obstacles in a fixed vicinity of the vehicle  , obstacles "enter" and "leave" the map gradually as the robot moves. Based on this mapping each cell of the grid is marked either "obstacle" or "free-space". We have shown an efficient and robust method for recomputing 3-d Minkowski sums of convex polyhedra under rotation. Bottema and Roth 1979 introduce this mapping directly and study the image curves which represent the coupler motion of a planar four bar linkage. They went on to characterize the geometry of their projective image space. Mapping motion data is a common problem in applying motion capture data to a real robot or to a virtual character . Our accuracy requirements are much less because the mari0nette.k gesturing in free space rather than precisely positioning an object. Mapping with only stationary objects  , and localization using entire observations in which the dual sensor model of occupancy grids is applied for range readings from moving objects. OGSD Occupancy grids presuming free space is crossable. They obtain an affordance map mapping locations at which activities take place from learned data encoding human activity probabilities. An example of work on shared space of humans and robots is given by Tipaldi and Arras 15. What follows is a sequence of strings that define the traversal path through the output space of the selected extractor. The mapping expression starts by specifiying the " extractor key "   , a unique identifier of the extractor to be used. The second data set contains 2 ,000 data items in 3- dimensional space with 2 clusters the middle one in Fig.3. can compare the resultant mapping with the original data set directly. To calculate the document score for document d i   , the vector space method applies the following equation: We will now show how LSA is as an extension to the VSM  , by using this query mapping. We also consider transforming the NED mapping scores into normalized confidence values. For assessing the confidence  , we devise several techniques  , based on perturbing the mention-entity space of the NED method. The other primitives are less crucial with respect to the YQL implementation  , and therefore we skip their discussions due to space limitations. A short discussion of the mapping of each Remote Query Interaction primitive follows. Since the adversary only has information about the large itemsets  , he can only find the mappings for items that appear in the background knowledge. So  , the adversary can reduce the search space for each mapping of item. However  , mapping an inherently high-dimension data set into a low-dimension space tends to lose the information that distinguishes the data items. To address the " dimensionality curse " problem  , the index subsystem must use as few dimensions as possible . The SOM defines a mapping from the input data space onto a usually two-dimensional array of nodes. The vector size of the subject feature vector was 1 ,674 and the vector size of the description feature vector was 1 ,871. This is because wild stores rarely touch dirty  , committed pages written by previous transactions. This provides the means to study alternative physical representations and to analyse the consequences of changes made in the conceptual schema. We also test a number of other standard similarity measures  , including the Vector Space Similarity VSS 3 and others. We employ a mapping function f x = x+1/2 to bound the range of PCC similarities into 0  , 1. When decoding the relative strength of active signals in a complex 3d world with different densities of matter – i.e. When stock is reorganized  , the system must reconfigure its mapping of library space onto the subject headings. The mapping  can not be achieved by the system without breaking contact constraints. If the number of columns of the blocks C11 and Caa equals the dimension of the task space  , the cooperating system is " minimal " . For the purposes of synthesizing a compliance mapping   , it is assumed that the robotic manipulator and the gripper holding the object can move freely in space without colliding with the environment. The above equation does not include joint friction. In this paper  , we investigate a novel approach to detect sentence level content reuse by mapping sentence to a signature space. Thus  , it is essential that content reuse detection methods should be efficient and scalable. the terms or concepts in question. We choose a setup of P such that it provides a mapping into the space of all possible superconcepts of the input instances  , i.e. The stress term of the objective function is inspired by multidimensional scaling MDS  , a classical method for dimensionality reduction 2. Consider a naive indexing approach where a sentence-file stores keyword vectors for the sentences in the collection. In particular  , we propose a sentencesignature based mechanism for mapping from the sentence domain to a multi-dimensional space such that word-overlap searches can be re-posed as range searches in this space. Hashing then involves mapping from keys into the new space  , and using the results of Searching to find the proper hash table location. According to the preceding calculations  , both procedures will yield exactly the same ranking. Instead of mapping both queries and documents to the kdimensional concept space via U T k and computing the cosine similarity there  , we may therefore as well transform the documents via the m × m matrix U k U T k   , and compute cosine similarities in the original term space. Therefore  , the knowledge of inverse kinematics mapping is of great interest since it allows the path planing to be independent of the geometry of the robot. the inverse kinematics maps the world coordinate space onto the joint coordinate space  X E R " -+ q ~ R ~   l    ,  1 3  . Currently  , a 7:l position amplification permits comfortable mapping of RALF's full workspace into the workspace of the human operator. To facilitate the teleoperation tasks  , the controller for KURBIRT computes its tip position and scales the position from the space of the master robot to the space of the slave  , RALF. The control law is provided by mapping these two spaces as an open-loop schema. The sensor and the manipulation spaces are partitioned by considering the features of the images and the space of the DOF of the manipulator that is called the configuration space. Errors in the estimated and actual generalized force were used to drive the system to minimize the external loads projected into the configuration space. The method employs a mapping of the unknown interaction forces into a generalized force in the configuration space of a continuum segment. As discussed in t ,he Introductioii  , well known concepts for manipulability mea.sures of robotic structure are the so-called velocity and force maiiipulability el- lipsoids  , 12. The geometric configuration of robot manipulability includes two wellknown types: manipulability ellipsoidl  and manipulability polytope2  , 3 ,4. The concept of robot manipulability means that constraints on joint space are transformed to that of task space through the mapping zk = J q   , or in general the transformation P = A&. Hence  , in order to obtain more specific latent query intents  , we often need to obtain rather a large number of latent query intents. Most tasks  , for example welding  , insertions  , and grasping   , require a higher precision than can be achieved by using artificial forces. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as The fuzzy logic is used to select the elements of the transformation matrix 1T which indirectly determine the contribution of each joint to the total motion. Figure 7shows the trajectory taken by the wheelchair green when the user attempts to follow a leader blue. Trajectories and maps were produced via Hector mapping 17; map regions are as follows: light grey represents known vacant space  , black represents known surfaces and dark grey represents unknown space; the grid cells are 1 metre square. Practically  , the document space is randomly sampled such that a finite number of samples   , which are called training data R ⊆ R  , are employed to build the model. Let us suppose there is a classifier such as h  , which is defined as h : R → C  , where h is a many-to-one mapping of the documents to the binary class space. Bound the marginal distributions in latent space In the previous section  , we have discussed how the marginal distribution difference can be bounded in the space W . The following theorem concludes that we can further bound the marginal distributions of two domains by the mapping T . Thus  , we develop a mechanism for efficient wordoverlap based reuse 33  by mapping sentence domain context to a multi-dimensional signature space and leveraging range searches in this space. In this paper  , our focus is not on developing better reuse metrics  , but on the efficient identification of reuse in large collections. Index schemes: There have been a number of proposals for finding near-duplicate documents in the database and web-search communities 21  , 37  , 10. To an abstract model  , m ∈ Design abst   , we apply a design space synthesis concretization function  , c  , to compute cm ⊂ Designconc  , the space of concrete design variants from which we want to choose a design to achieve desirable tradeoffs. The inputs of the system are assembly quality ternis  , i.e. , the elements of assenibly quality space U1  , while the outputs are the assembly operation strategies ant1 quality control strategies  , i.e. , the elements of assembly cx~ntrol strategy space U ,. The NFEPN niodel is also used to implement and optimize the mapping f 1 3 . In their original formulation  , these manipulability measures or ellipsoids considered only single-chain manipulators  , and were based on the mapping in task space trough the Jacobian matrix of the joint space unit ,a.ry balls qTq 5 1 and T ~ T 5 1. 11. A kinematic mapping f has a singularity at q when the rank of its Jacobian matrix Jf q drops below its maximum possible value  , which is the smaller of the dimensions k of the joint-space and n of the configuration space. The exponential commutes with its defining twist and its derivative is therefore: In computational biology  , it has been found that k-mers alone are not expressive enough to give optimal classification performance on genomic data. But what happens if the grasping configuration doesn't follow any of the simple built-in action models ? By dividing the mapping space into simple mappings  , more complex mappings could be learned over the whole object configuration space with a minimum number of experiments. In order to discuss and motivate the inverse kinematic function approach  , we must first describe the forward kinematics of a manipulator. A unique mapping will need additional constraints  , such as in the form of desired hand or foot position. In order to kinematically transform an RMP back to a humanoid robot  , one needs to generate a map from the 11– dimensional RMP space to the much larger robot kinematics space. Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. Each behavior is encoded as a fuzzy rule-base with a distinct mobile robot control policy governed by fuzzy inference. Resolvability provides a shared ontology  , that is a scheme allowing us to understand the relationships among various visual sensor configurations used for visual control. A key component of this measure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. is the Jacobian matrix and is a function of the extrinsic and intrinsic parameters of the visual sensor as well as the number of features tracked and their locations on the image plane. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as This set is called The above theorem states that points in the workspace close to obstacles  , relate to points in the configuration space with even less clearance. The mapping between workspace and configuration space is straightforward: A point p in the workspace corresponds to the set of configurations in C which have p as their position. News articles are also projected onto the Wikipedia topic space in the same way. Then  , the final mapping Φl of a location l into the Wikipedia topic space is the multiplication of the product vector and the local topic distribution. The motion strategy can be represented as a function mapping the information space onto the control space. motion commands corresponding to current knowledge of the system  , whose execution gives the robot the maximum probability of reaching a goal configuration from any initial configuration. In contrast to this direction of research  , relatively little research e.g. ,2 ,4 has involved the inverse kinematics -the direct mapping from the workspace to the joint space -for kinematically redundant manipulators. This resolved motion technique first determines the joint velocity using the pseudoinverse matrix  , and then incrementally determines the joint displacement; it thus transforms from workspace to joint space via joint velocity. These mapping methods are not widely used because they are not as efficient as the VSM. If the mappings to the topic space are performed correctly we are able to retrieve document at a higher precision than the vector space method. This fact is especially interesting if the data space is non-vectorial. The derivation of t from a induces a mapping  , cl  , from concrete designs to concrete loads parameterized by a choice of abstract load. As long as cm preserves a representation of a in its output  , then from any single design space model  , m  , we can synthesize a concrete design space  , and both abstract and concretized loads. Space is otherwise completely automatic: it analyzes the target application's source code and returns a list of bugs. Space Security Pattern Checker finds security bugs in Ruby on Rails 2 web applications  , and requires only that the user provide a mapping from application-defined resource types to the object types of the standard role-based model of access control RBAC 30  , 15 . A load/store using out of bounds values will immediately result in a hardware trap and we can safely abort the program . Note that we can reuse the high address space for different pools and so we have a gigabyte of address space on 32 bit linux systems for each pool for mapping the OOB objects. In the above definition  , it is equivalent to compute the traditional skyline  , having transformed all points in the new data space where point q is the origin and the absolute distances to q are used as mapping functions. Each point p = p 1   , p 2  in the original 2-dimensional space is transformed to a point Given a source logical expression space  , a target physical expression space  , and a goal an instance of Goal  , a Mapper instance will return a physical expression that meets whatever constraint is specified by the goal. The condition number and the determinant of the Jacobian matrix being equal to one  , the manipulator performs very well with regard to force and motion transmission. As opposed t o mapping < to new active joint space velocities through a given shape matrix Jcp   , this approach introduces additional joint space velocities using a new shape matrix . A more involved approach to redundant actuation is the introduction of entirely new actuators to the mechanism. Basically  , defuzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control action defined over an universe of discourse into a space of non-fuzzy control actions. Since we use the height defuzzification method  , we can specify a rule directly by assigning a real number instead of a linguistic value to pj which is to be optimized by EP. Although inany strategies can be used for performing the defuzzifi- cation 8  , we use the height defuzzification method given by where CF is a scale factor. As discussed in 21  , the measure is easily extendable to other visual sensors including multi-baseline stereo and laser rangefinders. The set of all possible twists at a given position and orientation of a rigid body is the tangent space at that point; it is represented by the tangent space at the origin of a chosen reference frame. Such a path is  , mathematically speaking  , a mapping from the real line  " time "  into the manifold. Among the collision-free paths that connect the initial and goal configurations  , some may be preferable because they will make more information available to the robot  , hence improving the knowledge of its current state. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 2F shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Before planning the vision-based motion  , the set of image features must be chosen. We also can define image features as a mapping from C. This means that a robot trajectory in configuration space will yield a trajectory in the image feature space. Fingerprint-based descriptors  , due to the hashing approach that they use  , lead to imprecise representations  , whereas the other three schemes are precise in the sense that there is a one-to-one mapping between fragments and dimensions of the descriptor space. The third dimension is associated with whether or not the fragments are being precisely represented in the descriptor space. Dimension reduction is the task of mapping points originally in high dimensional space to a lower dimensional sub-space  , while limiting the amount of lost information. 1 measurement of respondents' sensations  , feelings or impressions Dimension reduction techniques are one obvious solution to the problems caused by high dimensionality. Therefore  , the text query and the retrieved image are mapped to a common k-dimensional latent aspect space  , and then their similarity is measured by a dot product of the two vectors in the kdimensional space  , which is commonly used to measure the matching between textual vectors 1. Instead  , the map is created with consideration to where the ASRs are with respect to each other and the robot. Similar to a  we project these unreachable positions back to the closest reachable position in the workspace. In this section  , the results of numerical simulation of the Stiffness mapping between 2-dof cylindrical space and 2-dof joint space using both direct and indirect CCT are presented. Kc  , =  0 The initial values of joint stiffness matrix and joint torque in Figure 6are The former problem may be solved by the use of perfect hash functions  , such as those proposed in 1 ,2 ,3 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,9 ,10 ,26 ,28 ,301  , where a perfect hash function is defined as a oneto-one mapping frcxn the key set into the address space. Secondly  , the address space cannot easily be changed dynamically. As a result of COSA  , they resolve a synonym problem and introduce more general concepts in the vector space to easily identify related topics 10. The authors apply an ontology during the construction of a vector space representation by mapping terms in documents to ontology concepts and then aggregating concepts based on the concept hierarchy  , which is called concept selection and aggregation COSA. , where each column of Wp and Wq generates one bit of hash code for the p th and q th modal. The indexing relation is of the kind defined in IOTA Ker84In this chapter we present  , first  , the query language structure. If X and Y are input and output universes of discourse of a behavior with a rule-base of size n  , the usual fuzzy if-then rule takes the following form Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. where a k are comers of the n-dimensional unit activation hypercube  , or the set of all combinations of minimally and maximally activated muscles. Dehzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control actions defined over an output universe of discourse into a space of nonfuzzy control actions. Ail and A12 are the membership function in the antecedent part  , B  , is the membership function in the consequent part. A specific form of the ho­ mography is derived and decomposed to interpolate a unique path. A homography is a mapping from 2-D projective space to 2-D projective space  , which is used here to define the 2-D displacement transformation between two ob­ ject poses in the image. Daumé and Brill 5 extracted suggestions based on document clusters that have common top-ranked documents. Examples are presented to demonstrate the computational and the corresponding regional transformation: The resolvability ellip- soid 5 illustrates the directional nature of resolvability  , and can be used to direct camera motion and adjust camera intrinsic parameters in real-time so that the servoing accuracy of the visual servoing system improves with camera-lens motion.   , it is very tlifficidt to implement and optimize the mapping f l : l iising the mathematical or numeric approaches. In other words  , it is sufficient Remarkably  , in this case the optimization problem corresponds to finding the flattest function in the feature space  , not in the input space. Hence  , the key idea to overcome the problem of dimerisionality is the use of kernel functions for establishing an implicit mapping between the input and the feature spaces. Consequently several projections or maps of the hyperbolic space were developed  , four are especially well examined: i the Minkowski  , ii the upperhalf plane  , iii the Klein-Beltrami  , and iv the Poincaré or disk mapping. But it lays in the nature of a curvated space to resist the attempt to simultaneously achieve these goals. One advantage of this is that the high dimensional representation  , e.g. , the word cloud  , can convey some information about the document on its own. A fundamental assumption for multimodal retrieval is that by mapping objects in a modalityconsistent latent space  , the latent space representations of semantically relevant inter-modal pairs should be consistent. The most desirable value of multimodal retrieval is to enable transfer of knowledge across different modalities so that cross-modal retrieval performance can be improved. Tradeoffs   , Pareto-optimal solutions  , and other critical information can then be read from the results. In that case  , mapping this vector of functions or  , equivalently  , this vector-valued function across the points in the space yields a multi-dimensional  , non-functional property image of the design space. The use of a solid arrow to make this connection denotes that this mapping from the problem level to the solution level facilitates two goals  , in this case both the generation of new variants and also expedited navigation. Hence in Figure 1 we connect the Functional variation dimension in the problem space to the Nominal flow change dimension in the solution space. Scans from a triangle of points in pose-space will project to a non-Euclidean triangle of points in eigenspace. This is generated during mapping; as the robot moves into unvisited areas  , it drops nodes at regular intervals  , and when it moves between existing nodes it connects them. It is also given a set of nodes in 2D-space with edges between them  , constituting a navigation graph which represents known robot-navigable space 6. Interpolating a viable object path for a given object displacement requires knowledge of the initial and fi­ nal poses as well as how the object is to be displaced. A good example of the use of geometry within this application is the mapping of two dimensional views of the roadway into a three dimensional representation which can be used for navigation. It is clear that a robust solution to this problem must involve as much generic information as possible about space and the relationship between objects in space. Repeatability is guaranteed in the augmented Jacobian method because repeated task-space motion is carried out with repeated joint-space motion  , whereas in the resolved motion method repeatability is not guaranteed. It is widely stated 3 ,that the difference between the two inverse mapping techniques lies in the repeatability. Valuable prior research has been conducted in this direction for learning hashing codes and mapping function with techniques such as unsupervised learning and supervised learning. Semantic hashing has been proposed for the problem to map data examples like documents in a high-dimensional space e.g. , a vector space of keywords in the vocabulary into a low-dimensional binary vector space  , which at the same time preserves the semantic relationship of the data examples as much as possible. Attempting a strategy which would require the user to lead the point " inside " such structures  , with no knowledge of which entrance leads to the target and which to a dead-end  , is likely to negate the human ability to see " the big picture " and degenerate into an exhaustive search of the insides of Cspace obstacles. For each data item in the compressed data  , a backward mapping is necessary to discover the coordinates of the original space  , so that a new position can be computed corresponding to the new requdsted space. These operators  , however  , rely heavily on the ability to dis cover efficiently  , given an arbitrary position in the compressed data  , the corresponding logical position in the original dntabase   , in order to reposition the data items in the new transposed space. The unique mapping maps the energies of each DoF V θ ,ψi with the appropriate phases to the force trajectory F p ,x t by neglecting the influence of handle motion ˙ r. The energies V θ ,ψi and phases ϕ θ ,ψi span a transformed state space. It is clear that the most difficult phase of object recognition is making the pointwise mapping from model to scene. The considerable computation and space requirements such an approach would usually entail are avoided by using a sparse  , minimal feature that is easily extracted to reduce the number of features that can exist in a given scene  , and by decomposing the dimensions of transform space  , and by eliminating empty regions of transform space early in the search. Second  , since it is not known initially how many steps are required for the solution  , we start with one step transition and gradually increase the number of steps as required. Formally  , any density matrix ρ assigns a quantum probability for each quantum event in vector space R n   , thereby uniquely determining a quantum probability distribution over the vector space. The Gleason's Theorem 2 can prove the existence of a mapping function µρ|vv| = trρ|vv| for any vector v given a density matrix ρ ∈ S n S n is the density matrix space containing all n-by-n positive semi-definite matrices with trace 1  , i.e. , trρ = 1. We map the human hand motion to control the dexterous robot hand when performing power grasps  , the system adopts the joint space mapping method that motions of human hand joints are directly transferred to the robot hand and the operator can adjust the posture interactively; when performing the precise tasks  , the system adopts the modified fingertip position mapping method. 7. In the teleoperation system  , we use the space mouse as the 3D input device  , which has six DOFs and can control the end point position and pose of the Staubli RX60 robot. A recent work has shown that a finger or manipulator should have at least the same number of active joints as the number of independent elements of the desired operational compliance matrix to modulate the desired compliance characteristic in the operational space 5. To find the stiffness in the joint space of each finger  , first we have to compute the unique Jacobian relation; particularly  , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closed-loop structured finger  , the backward mapping is unique 5. Force sensors are built into HITDLR hand. The procedure of computing the fingertip stiffness for the given object stiffness can be consequently summarized as below. Performing this mapping also provides a means to model the relationship between question semantics and existing question-answer semantics which will be discussed further in Sect. This information is augmented with that derived from the set of answer terms  , thus by mapping a query question to the space of question-answers it is possible to calculate its similarity using words that do not exist in the question vocabulary and therefore are not represented in the topic distribution T Q . Mapping the distribution of question topics to the distribution of question-answer topics avoids problems that occur when limited vocabularies are used in a question . Relation a  , an abstraction relation  , explains how any given concrete design  , d ∈ cm  , instantiates i.e. , is a logical model of its abstract model  , m. Function c is specified once for any given abstract modeling language  , as a semantic mapping predicate in our relational logic. This mapping is described by As in 2  , see also 3  , 4  , 5  , 7  , 8  , we assume that the image features are the projection into the 2D image plane of 3D poims in the scene space  , hence we model the action of the camera as a static mapping from the joint robot positions q E JR 2 to the position in pixels of the robot tip in the image out­ put  , denoted y E JR2. This way of sharing parameters allows the domains that do not have enough information to learn good mapping through other domains which have more data. The intuition for having this objective function is to try to find a single mapping for user's features  , namely Wu  , that can transform users features into a space that matches all different items the user liked in different views/domains. A pointer in each entry of the mapping table would lead to what is essentially an overflow chain stored on the magnetic disc of records that are assigned to the hash bucket but which have not yet been archived on the optical disc. To improve efficiency  , and in particular space utilization   , implementing hashing for a file stored on a WORM disc will involve some degree of buffering on a magnetic disc for both the mapping table and the contents of hash buckets. These mapping matrices are calculated for a given coil arrangement by treating the coils as magnetic dipoles in space and are calibrated through workspace measurements as outlined in 11  , 10. where each element of I is current through each of the c coils  , B is a 3 × c matrix mapping these coil currents to the magnetic field vector B and B x   , B y   , B z are the 3 × c matrices mapping the coil currents to the magnetic field spatial gradients in the x  , y and z directions  , respectively. However  , since the thumb and the ATX are coupled by the position constraints at the attachment points  , a unique mapping can be achieved between the degrees of freedom of the thumb and the ATX leading to the redundancy of the coupled system the same as that of the thumb alone. Thus  , for a given task-space trajectory  , there will be an infinite number of possible joint-space trajectories for both the thumb and the ATX. These internal points are hidden within the polytope P and they do not contribute to manipulability information. Determining manipulability polytope requires the mapping of an n-dimensional polytope Q in joint space to an m-dimensional polytope P in task space by the transformation P = AQ with n > m. It is known that one part of the hypercube vertices becomes final zonotope vertices5  while the remainder become internal points of P . Using a known object model the interpolation of thi  , desired path can then be represented in the task space by a 3-D reconstruc­ tion or mapped directly to the image space. A desired path can be uniquely defined by chOOSing a particular decomposition of the 2-D homography or collineation mapping the projec­ tive displacement of the object features between the initial and final image poses. By performing a singular value decomposition 8 on the task space to sensor space Jacobian  , and analyzing the singular values of J and the eigenvectors of JTJ which result from the decomposition  , the directional properties of the ability of the sensor to resolve positions and orientations becomes apparent. The following sections briefly describe the derivation of the Jacobian mapping and analyze the Jacobian for various vision and force sensor configurations. From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. In the context of multi-robot coordination  , dynamic task allocation can be viewed as the selection of appropriate actions lo for each robot at each point in time so as to achieve the completion of the global task by the team as a whole. The 3D Tractus was designed to support direct mapping between its physical space to the task virtual space  , and can be viewed as a minimal and inexpensive sketch-based variant of the Boom Chameleon 14. The 3D Tractus height is being tracked using a simple sensor and the stylus surface position is tracked through a tablet PC or any other touch sensitive surface interface 5. Assuming that spatial and temporal facets of concepts are potentially useful not only in human understanding but also in computing applications  , we introduce a technique for automatically associating time and space to all concepts found in Wikipedia  , providing what we believe to be the largest scale spatiotemporal mapping of concepts yet attempted. When we read a story  , we place naturally characters in time and space that provide us with further context to understand. In addition to the object-oriented description of a perspective we define a navigation path where the navigation space is restricted depending on the selected perspective. The navigation space is defined by the semantic distance between the initial concept and other related concepts. While she uses salience values to describe a metric of object similarity  , we have chosen a fuzzy set approach for mapping user terminology to the represented domain knowledge  , described in more detail in Kracke@ 1. The manipulability polytope is also more practical when the maximum velocity and/or torque of each joint is given. In order to incorporate the curiosity information   , we create a user-item curiousness matrix C with the same size as R  , and each entry cu ,i denotes u's curiousness about item i. Specifically  , MFCF maps both users and items to a latent space  , denoted as R ≈ U T V   , where U ∈ R l×m and V ∈ R l×n with l < minm  , n  , represent the users' and items' mapping to the latent space  , respectively. When users ask for a particular region  , a small cube within the data space  , we can map all the points in the query to their index and evaluate the query conditions over the resulting rows. For example  , we could map the x  , y  , and z coordinates of a data point to a single integer by using a well-known mapping function or a space-filling curve and physically order the points by three attributes at the same time. For each document in X represented as one row in X  , the corresponding row in V explicitly gives its projection in V. A is sometimes called factor loadings and gives the mapping from latent space V to input space X . Each column of V corresponds to one latent variable or latent semantic  , and by V T V = I we constrain that they are uncorrelated and each has unit variance 1 . If intervals are represented more naturally   , as line segments in a two-dimensional value-interval space  , Guttman's R-tree 15  or one of its variants including R+-tree 29 and R*-tree 1  could be used. If only multidimensional points are supported  , as in the k-d-B-tree 27  , mapping an interval  , value pair to a triplet consisting of lower bound  , upper bound  , and value allows the intervals to be represented by points in threedimensional space. A sufficient condition is that the mapping defined by the task function between the sensor space and the configuration space is onto for each t within O ,T. We recall that the feasibility of a task defined by a task function and an initial condition lies in the existence of a solution F *  t  to the equation e@  , t  = 0 for each t within O  , TI. According to the Jordan Curve Theorem  , any closed curve homeomorphic t o a circle drawn around and in the vicinity of a given point on an orientable surface divides the surface into two separate domains for which the curve is their common boundaryll. Then  , Space uses the  Alloy Analyzer—an automatic bounded verifier for the Alloy language—to compare the specialized constraints to our pattern catalog which is also specified in Alloy. Space extracts the data exposures from an application using symbolic execution  , specializes the constraints on those exposures to the types of role-based access control using the mapping provided by the user  , and exports the specialized constraints to an Alloy specification. As this technique offers conceptual simplicity   , it will be pursued. As a request must search the Q buckets contained in the fraction of the volume of the address space as defined by the request  , one method of mapping to these buckets would be to generate all possible combinations of attribute sets containing the request attributes and map to the address space one to one for each possible combina- tion. Successively  , this germinal idea was further developed  , considering the dynamics a  , multiple arms 35  , defective systems and different motion capabilities of the robotic devices 6  , 83  , wire-based manipulators  , 9  , 101. So the joint-space trajectories of the thumb can be determined by the joint-space trajectories of the ATX and vice versa. In this paper we describe the 3D Tractus-based robotic interface  , with its current use for controlling a group of robots composed of independent AIBO robot dogs and virtual software entities. This is just one method of generating a query map  , if we look further at types of mappings  , we will realise that the possibilities are endless. Instead of calculating the document scores in the latent topic space  , we can use the mapping to extract related query terms from the topic space and use an inverted index to calculate the document scores in a faster time. Spatial databases have numerous applications  , including geographic information systems  , medical image databases ACF+94   , multimedia databases after extracting n features from each object  , and mapping it into a point in n-d space Jaggl  , FRM94  , as well as traditional databases  , where each record with n attributes can be considered as a point in n-dimensional space Giit94. fractional values for the dimensionality  , which are called fractal dimensions. In order to guarantee the fast retrieval of the data stored in these databases  , spatial access methods are typically used. HiSbase combines these techniques with histograms for preserving data locality  , spatial data structures such as the quad- tree 8 for efficient access to histogram buckets  , and space filling curves 6 for mapping histogram buckets to the DHT key space. HiSbase realizes a scalable information economy 1 by building on advances in proven DHT-based P2P systems such as Chord 10 and Pastry 7   , as well as on achievements in P2P-based query pro- cessing 4. L is the number of attributes in a request i~ L~ M . In this section  , we describe an example open-source application MediumClone and demonstrate how we used Space to find security bugs in its implementation. However they are not adequate to accurately estimate the actual performance achievable at the End Effector EE for two main reasons: the ellipsoids  , or 'hyperellipsoids' in R m   , derive from the mapping to the task space of hyperspheres in the normalized joint space  , while the set of joint performances is typically characterized by hypercubes  , i.e. respectively: closeness to singularity  , isotropicity of performances and maximum performance irrespectively of the direction mentioned above. Since a continuous state s ∈ S specifies the placement of objects  , one can determine whether or not the predicate holds at s. This interpretation of which predicates actually hold at a continuous state provides a mapping from the continuous space to the discrete space  , denoted as a function map S →Q : S → Q. As an example  , Onbook  , table holds iff the book is actually on the table. Moreover  , trajectories over S give meaning to the actions in the discrete specification. For the single stance motion  , we modify the animation motion to be suitable for the robot by 1 keeping the stance foot flat on the ground  , and 2 mapping the motion in the Euclidean space into the robot's configuration space. We do not generate target motions for the double support phase  , since it is relatively short and there is not much freedom in the motion since both feet remains at their positions. Using our fully decoupled tracker and mapper design and fast image space tracking  , we are able to compute the pose estimates on the MAV in constant time at 4.39 ms while building the growing global map on the ground station. We have divided the full SLAM problem into a fast monocular image space tracking MIST on the MAV and a keyframe-based smoothing and mapping on the ground station. The approach we take is to use an online optimization of one-step lmkahead  , choosing trajectories that maximize the space explored while minimizing the likelihood we will become lost on re-entering the map. If we choose trajectories that can explore the space rapidly but allow us to return to the mapped regions sufficiently often to avoid tracking errors or mapping errors  , then we can avoid such problems. each joint performance is bounded by +/-a maximum value; the ellipsoids are formulated using task space vectors that are not homogeneous from a dimensional viewpoint  , to take into account both translational and rotational performances; the weight matrices used to normalize do not provide unique results this problem had already been identified in 5. In such a case there is one dominant direction  , which is reflected in one slot  , see figure 3 -d. The advising orientation depends on the pq-histogram quadrant where the peak is found. The position of this peak will give us a rough estimate of the free space; that is  , there is a direct mapping between the location of peak in the histogram and the angle of the free space in the image  , see figure 3-d. A single pq-histogram returns only one orientation for the free space  , which is appropriate if we are observing a wall. Overall  , the mapping of linguistic properties of the quotes in the latent bias space is surprisingly consistent  , and suggest that out-an longer  , variable period of time 32. On the negative end of the spectrum  , corresponding to international outlets  , we find words such as countries  , international  , relationship  , alliance and country names such as Iran  , China  , Pakistan  , and Afghanistan. We do not describe the mechanism of such automation due to the scope and the space limitation of this paper. the mapping from the stereotyped association to ModelElements that can reify the association can be defined formally with OCL 23 and thus allow automatically checking whether a given UML model is an instance of a given pattern. The proliferation of generated components is the main limitation of the naive method-to-component mapping. The component taxonomy can come to the rescue here-if we use it to produce a convenient number of reasonably efficient generic components that is  , a suitably parameterized component for judiciously chosen points in the space. The results 812 were encouraging but mixed and revealed some shortcomings of the AspectJ design with respect to its usability in this context. To ease the design and evolution of integrated systems  , mapping of the mediator approach into the design space of AspectJ 1 was attempted. Notice that it is possible for two distinct search keys to be mapped to the same point in the k-dimensional space under this mapping. We shall refer to the resultant multi-dimensional index structure as the bitstring-augmented multi-dimensional index. Schema mappings are inserted at the key space corresponding to the source schema at the overlay layer – or at the key spaces corresponding to both schemas if the mapping is bidirectional: U pdateSchema M apping ≡ U pdateSource Schema Key  , Schema M apping. Queries are then reformulated by replacing the predicates with the definition of their equivalent or subsumed predicates view unfolding. They use minimal space  , providing that the size is known in advance or that growth is not a problem e.g. , that one can somehow use the underlying mapping hardware of virtual memory to make the array grow gracefully. Existing Index Structures Arrays are used as index structures in IBM's OBE project Amma85. By mapping one-dimensional intervals to a two-dimensional space  , we illustrate that the problem of indexing uncertainty with probabilities is significantly harder than interval indexing  , which is considered a well-studied problem. We then change our focus to study the theoretical complexity of indexing uncertainty  , and argue that there is no formerly known optimal solution that is applicable to this problem. In the information visualization field  , mapping of data variables on the display space is often performed by means of visual attributes like color  , transparency  , object size  , or object position. A solution for visualizing icon-based cluster content summaries combined with graph layouts can be found in 8 from the information visualization research field. The local internal schema consists of a logical schema  , storage schema  , level schema. The physical schema describes the mapping of data to the memory stora e space managed by the operating system The hlg 3 level schema is a description of an application data view and it describes the next local conceptual schema in detail. The error involved in such an assignment will increase as the difference in effective table sizes between the new query and the leader increases. It is only if the cluster's space is covered by more than one plan  , that there will be an error in prediction because all the queries mapping to this cluster will be assigned the plan associated with the query leader. Within these triangles  , users were asked to compare the three systems by plotting a point closest to the best performing system  , and furthest from the worst. Space does not permit a detailed description of the experiment  , but Figure 6provides a summary by mapping out participants' responses to two questions: which system made tasks easiest to complete  , and which system they preferred overall. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. Polynomial Semantic Indexing 232 PSI. For example  , the question string " Where is the Hudson River located ? " In order to generate queries providing high precision coverage of the answer space for a given question  , custom rules were developed providing a mapping from a given question type to a set of paraphrasing patterns which would generate alternative queries. That mapping is probably the most direct  , but it leaves a number of Figure 8: Grah representation for a tetrahedral truss structure with 102 struts shown in Figure 1 empty cells. However  , the large number of cells necessary for precise mapping results in time-consuming grid update procedures. In certainty grids space is represented by a grid with each cell holding a value corresponding to the probability that an obstacle is located in that region. The master workspace was transformed into a cylindrical shaped space to assist the operator in maintaining smooth motion along a curved surface. The method of variable mapping of master t o slave motion was successfully applied to manipulation assistance in a cylindrical environment. Finally  , we introduce two applications of ILM that bring out its potential: first  , Diffusion Mapping is an approach where a highly redundant team of simple robots is used to map out a previously unknown environment  , simply by virtue of recording the localization and line-of-sight traces  , which provide a detailed picture of the navigable space. in the solution. This trajectory  , moreover  , is generate in advance. In case of the NEC PC-9821Bp 486DX2-66MHz  , the mapping of the obstacles and the possible motion area from the workspace to the posture space totally takes about 20 minutes  , however  , the generation of the obstacle avoidance trajectory only takes 0.36 seconds. However  , our experience with doing this using an optimal control approach is that the computational cost of adding many obstacles can be significant. The RRC manipulator used in this task is equipped with a Multibus-based servo control unit located in a separate cabinet. This extender allows a high-speed bidirectional shared memory interface between the two buses by mapping the memory locations used by the Multibus directly into the memory space of the PC. Since there is no natural mapping of documents to vectors in this setting  , the procedure for posts is similar. To create the topic vectors in this word-centric vector space  , we compute a weighted sum of words from the previously computed sensitive topic distributions . However  , most existing research on semantic hashing is only based on content similarity computed in the original keyword feature space. Most importantly  , the manipulability definitions are independent of the choice of parametrization for these two spaces  , as well as the kinematic mapping. For example  , the actuator characteristics are reflected in the choice of a Riemannian metric for the joint and tool frame configuration space manifolds  , or one can even include inertial parameters in the Riemannian metric to obtain a formulation for dynamic manipulablilit-y. Due to the geometrical structure of the state space and the nature of the Jacobian mapping between joint velocities and rates of change of a behavioral variable see eq. The forcelet erected over the control variables for each behavioral goal accelerates the joint angles in a direction that changes the behavioral variable in the desired way. Having a single groundstation supporting multiple low-cost MAVs while building a single globally consistent map may be a trivial solution to creating a centralized multi-robot system. Tightening the bounds in the same figure by more frequent archiving will lead to a large improvement in our model. Higher primates  , including humans  , exhibit a space-variant pattern in which the highest resolution is concentrated in the center of the field of view  , called the fovea  , with uniformly decreasing resolution to the periphery of the field of view. On the other hand  , the inverse kinematic method has symbolic solutions only in types of manipulator kinematics 7. However  , this method -be it symbolic or numerical -is attractive because of the direct mapping from the workspace to joint space  , fixing most of the aforementioned problems of the resolved motion method. The outer radius rout is defined by the smallest circumscribed sphere with the reference point of the robot as its center. On-line control command is calculated mapped from the learned lookup table with the on-line sampled new sensor signals. Summarizing  , in this paper we present a framework for solving efficiently the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multi-dimensional quasi-identifiers to 1-D space. 21 are worse in terms of information loss and they are considerably slower. In the context of a search engine  , inverted index compression encoding is usually infrequent compared to decompression decoding   , which must be performed for every uncached query. Although we have to store a mapping table for fast block locating  , the extra space occupied by it is much smaller than that used by the inverted index itself. During the mapping of FMSVs  , the most effective heuristic feature sets are selected to ensure reasonable prediction accuracy. 3 and to map text information into DVs for social information related music dimensions 13  , a supervised learning based scheme  , called CompositeMap  , is developed to generate a new feature space. In order to establish a representation of the environment configuration  , we transformed the calculated depth to a safety distribution histogram. By a random exploration which is limited  , according to the low mobility  , the system will associate perceptive sktes and sequences of action that pennit to reach its goal particular context. This is another issue that has seen a great deal of exploratory research  , including studies of offices and real desks 6. In our system  , tags provide an additional basis for mapping the document space  , reflecting our focus on the organization of a local workspace. For example  , pattern matching classes that encode multi- DoF motions 22 or force functions for each joint 9; or direct control within a reduced dimensionality space 14. Recent academic work within the field of simultaneous control thus has emphasized alternative mapping paradigms. For example  , a mapping in the coordinate space of a dictionary which contains two identical elements would result in two identical coefficients  , each corresponding to the contribution of one of the identical dictionary elements. In the current work we adopt a centroid-based representation  , where every dimension v i ,j corresponds to the distance between the contour point s i ,j and the contour's mass center. However  , our study shows that fractal dimensions have promising properties and we believe that these dimensions are important as such. This means that the methods in this paper do not provide a mapping to a lower-dimensional space  , and hence traditional applications  , such as feature reduction  , are not directly possible. They also use a query-pruning technique  , based on word frequencies  , to speed up query execution. Iceberg queries 7 uments and their associated term frequencies in relational tables  , as well as for mapping boolean and vector-space queries into standard SQL queries. For example  , outlets on the conservative side of the latent ideological spectrum are more likely to select Obama's quotes that contain more negations and negative sentiment  , portraying an overly negative character. By mapping the quotes onto the same latent space  , our method also reveals how the systematic patterns of the media operate at a linguistic level. The constraints associated with these exposures and the user-provided mapping are passed through a constraint specializer  , which re-casts the constraints in terms of the types in our pattern catalog. Space uses symbolic execution to extract the set of data exposures 25 from the source code of a Ruby on Rails application. Then  , Space uses the Alloy Analyzer to perform automatic bounded verification that each data exposure allowed by the application is also allowed by our catalog. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive We examined the code of the applications in our experiment for precisely this situation—security policies intended based on evidence in the code itself to be more restrictive than the corresponding patterns in our catalog—and found none. Q4 no results presented due to lack of space features the 'BEFORE' predicate which may be expensive to evaluate. We remark that System C also uses a data mapping in the spirit of 23  that results in comparatively simple and efficient execution plans and thus outperforms all other systems for Q2 and Q3. This makes it very difficult for GA to identify the correct mapping for an item. This happens because the space of possible one-to-n mappings is huge and it is possible to find many candidate mappings having similar i.e. , slightly lower fitness value. Figure 2shows a simple example of query reformulation. Thus  , LSH can be employed to group highly similar blocks in buckets  , so that it suffices it compare blocks contained in the same bucket. In our case  , blocks are the items that are represented in the high-dimensional space of E or E 1 and E 2  through Block Mapping. To avoid epoch numbers from growing without bound and consuming extra space  , we plan to " reclaim " epochs that are no longer needed. To allow users to refer to a particular realworld time when their query should start  , we maintain a table mapping epoch numbers to times  , and start the query as of the epoch nearest to the user-specified time. To handle this sort of problem  , space-filling curves as Z-order or Hilbert curves  , for instance  , have been successfully engaged for multi-dimensional indexing in recent years 24 . Based on the findings from our evaluations  , we propose a hybrid approach that benefits from the strength of the graph-based approach in visualising the search space  , while attempting to balance the time and effort required during query formulation using a NL input feature. Their methodology is based on mapping the underlying domain ontologies into views  , which facilitates view-based search. This system may be implemented in SMART using the set of modules shown in figure 4. If the joint torque signal provides a poor measure of the tool contact forces  , then a force sensor may be used in conjunction with the master  , but the forces from the sensor must be brought into joint space by mapping through the manipulator Jacobian. 2  , this direction changes during movement  , even in the absence of other perturbations. Therefore  , we can control the closed-chain system with the same control structure in Equation This immediately provides an important result; the dynamically consistent null space mapping matrix for the closed-chain system is the same as the one for the open-chain system   , N in Equation 9. The time savings would be crucial in real-world applications when the category space is much larger and a real-time response of category ranking is required . The actual mapping time was reduced from 2.2 CPU seconds per document to 0.40 seconds. But since only partial term-document mapping is preserved  , a loss in retrieval performance is inevitable. This technique was proposed to mitigate the efficiency issue caused by operating a large index  , for that a smaller index loads faster  , occupies less disk space  , and has better query throughput. The expected disc space consumption for a buffered hashing organization BHash for WORM optical d.iscs is analyzed in 191. The " new " records will be merged with the old logically undeleted ones already bon the optical disc and written together on new tracks; the mapping table will also be updated to reflect the changes. Based on that  , a bridging mapping is learned to seamlessly connect these individual hamming spaces for cross-modal hashing . In this paper  , we propose a novel technique by learning distinct hamming space so as to well preserve the flexible and discriminative local structure of each modality. In addition  , superposition events come with a flexible way in quantifying how much evidence the observation of dependency κ brings to its component terms. The proposed mapping allows for the representation of relationships within a group of terms by creating a new quantum event in the same n-dimensional space. The order of this list was fixed to give a one-to-one mapping of distinct terms and dimensions of the vector space. Given the entire collection of shots  , we obtained a list of all of the distinct terms that appear in the ASR for the collection. Secondly  , transaction language constructs should be functions in the logic such that transactions can be represented as expressions mapping states to states that can be composed to form new transactions . The set of states should characterize the space of database evolution. This section contains the results of running several variations of the traversal portion of the 001 benchmark using the small benchmark database of 20 ,000 objects. Given our understanding of how OS works  , we believe this is partially due to the overhead of mapping data into the client's address space. Collaborative Tagging systems have become quite popular in recent years. Furthermore  , based on this index structure  , Tagster incorporates a tag-based user characterization that takes into account the global tag statistics for better navigation and ranking of resources. Motivated by financial and statistical applications e.g. However  , ranks and orders are not intrinsic to the the basic relational model. Another strength of our approach is that it is a relatively simple and efficient way of incorporating time into statistical relational models. However  , the TVRC framework is flexible enough that it can be used with other statistical relational models e.g. , 10  , 22  , 24 as long as the models can be modified to deal with weighted instances. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more work Koller  , personal communication. Relational autocorrelation  , a statistical dependency among values of the same variable on related en- tities 7  , is a nearly ubiquitous phenomenon in relational datasets. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. The presence of autocorrelation provides a strong motivation for using relational techniques for learning and inference . In this paper  , we proposed three classification models accounting for non-stationary autocorrelation in relational data. In addition  , the shrinkage approach could easily be incorporated into other statistical relational models that use global autocorrelation and collective inference. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused primarily on static snapshots of relational datasets even though most relational domains have temporal dynamics that are important to model. This paper presents a new approach to modeling relational data with time-varying link structure. Although there has been some work modeling domains with time-varying attributes  , to our knowledge this is the first model that exploits information in dynamic relationships between entities to improve prediction. We provided empirical evalution on two real-world relational datasets  , but the models we propose can be used for classification tasks in any relational domain due to their simplicity and generality. The ability to represent  , and reason with  , arbitrary cyclic dependencies is another important characteristic of relational models. Promising research directions include: 1 using patterns e.g. , communities in relational data to split train/test data e.g. , stratified by community  , or biased by community; 2 investigating non-random labeling patterns and their impact on error correlation for different collective inference methods ; and 3 investigating how characteristics of relational data affect the power of statistical tests i.e. , Type II error. NCV combined with paired t-tests produces more acceptable levels of Type I error while still providing reasonable levels of statistical power. Access rights may be granted and revoked on views just as though they were ordinary tables. The relational operations join  , restrict and project as well as statistical summaries of tables may be used to define a view. These sizes are then used to determine the CPU  , IO and communication requirements of relational operations such as joins. Conventional models such as System R SAC+79 use statistical models to estimate the sizes of the intermediate results. However  , this work has focused primarily on modeling static relational data. This work has demonstrated that incorporating the characteristics of related instances into statistical models improves the accuracy of attribute predictions. This explanation applies to continuous and discrete variables and essentially any test of conditional independence. We have used the framework of d-separation to provide the first formal explanation for two previously observed classes of statistical dependencies in relational data. The goal of this work is to improve attribute prediction in dynamic domains by incorporating the influence of timevarying links into statistical relational models. There have been some recent efforts to model temporally-varying links to improve automatic discovery of relational communities or groups 4  , 15 but this work has not attempted to exploit the temporal link information in a classification context . Indeed  , the results we report for LGMs using only the class labels and the link information achieve nearly the same level of performance reported by relational models in the recent literature. This allows the model to consider a wider range of dependencies to reduce bias while limiting potential increases in variance and promises to unleash the full power of statistical relational models. In a relational DBMS  , a view is defined as a " virtual table " derived by a specific query on one or more base tables . This paper presents the Kylin Ontology Generator KOG  , an autonomous system that builds a rich ontology by combining Wikipedia infoboxes with WordNet using statistical-relational learning. KOG also maps attributes between related classes  , allowing property inheritance. One motivation for modeling time-varying links is the identification of influential relationships in the data. This information is necessary to derive accurate relational statistics that are needed by the relational optimizer to accurately estimate the cost of the query workload. The first task in the system is to extract statistical information about the values and structure from the given XML document  , and this is done by the StatiX module. This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. CONCLUSION Some aspects of a theory of probabilistic databases  , applicable alao to relational data  , have been outlined. In this work  , we propose the Time Varying Relational Classifier TVRC framework—a novel approach to incorporating temporal dependencies into statistical relational models. Thus  , the topics of recent references are likely to be better indicators than the topics of references that were published farther in the past. Researchers always use tables to concisely display their latest experimental results or statistical data. Tables present structural data and relational information in a two-dimensional format and in a condensed fashion. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependence between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. More formally  , autocorrelation is defined with respect to a set of related instance pairs Whereas in the CONTROL condition 20% of the adjectives chosen belonged to the machine category  , 20% to the humanized one and 60% to the relational one. Regarding the multiple adjective choice  , even if not supported by statistical significance  , we observe that children in the OAT condition chose no machine category adjectives  , 30% of the chosen adjectives belonged to the humanized category and 70% to the relational one. Instead of storing the data in a relational database  , we have proposed to collect Statistical Linked Data reusing the RDF Data Cube Vocabulary QB and to transform OLAP into SPARQL queries 14. The predominant way in industry is ROLAP since 1 it can be deployed on any of the widely-used relational databases  , 2 industry-relevant data such as from accounting and customer relationship management often resemble star schemas 17 and 3 research has focused on optimising ROLAP approaches 15. We chose statistical data  , because 1 there is clear need to integrate the data and 2 although the data sets are covering semantically similar topics  , standardization usually does not cover the object properties  , only the code lists themselves  , if at all. While our use case has been motivated by statistical data  , a lot of Linked Data sources share this data model structure  , since many of them are derived from relational databases. Each infobox template is treated as a class  , and the slots of the template are considered as attributes/slots. They are  , however  , at a disadvantage in interactivity  , graphical presentation and popularity of the computational language. On the other hand  , there are existing computational engines without scalability or fragmentation problems and with a well-defined computational algebra  , for example  , OLAP 7  , 8  , Statistical 12 and Relational engines. The difference between the two proportions is strongly statistically significant  2 =20.09 with probability 1%  , two-tailed p=0.0001. Recent research has demonstrated the utility of modeling relational information for domains such as web analyt- ics 5  , marketing 8 and fraud detection 19. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more likely to share the same topic than randomly selected pages 23  , and movies made by the same studio are more likely to have similar box-office returns than randomly selected movies 6. IE can only be employed if sensory information is available that is relevant to a relation  , deductive reasoning can only derive a small subset of all statements that are true in a domain and relational machine learning is only applicable if the data contains relevant statistical structure. Powerful methods have been developed for all three approaches and all have their respective strengths and shortcomings. Although there are probably a number of heuristic ways to combine sensory information and the knowledge base with machine learning  , it is not straightforward to come up with consistent probabilistic models. Relational machine learning attempts to capture exactly these statistical dependencies between statements and in the following we will present an approach that is suitable to also integrate sensory information and a knowledge base. In this paper  , we intend to give an empirical argument in favor of creating a specialised OLAP engine for analytical queries on Statistical Linked Data. We expect that  , similar to general-purpose relational databases  , a " one size fits all " 17 triple store will not scale for analytical queries. Recent work has only just begun to incorporate temporal information into statistical relational models. For example  , a sensor may be recording the position of an object moving through a building and this may inform predictions about the properties of the object. Some initial work has focused on transforming temporal-varying links and objects into static aggregated features 19 and other work has focused on modeling the temporal dynamics of time-varying attributes in static link structures 13. Our initial investigation has shown that modeling the interaction among links and attributes will likely improve model generalization and interpretability. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused on models of attributes conditioned on the link structure e.g. , 23  , or on models of link structure conditioned on the attributes e.g. , 11 . Positing the existence of groups decouples the search space into a set of biased abstractions and could be considered a form of predicate invention 22. The structure of the SQL Model is: <existing parts of a query block> MODEL PBY cols DBY cols MEA cols <options>  <formula>  , <formula> ,. , <formula>  On the other hand  , DataScope is flexible to browse various relational database contents based on different schemas and ad-hoc ranking functions. Although a few database visualization tools can support certain data exploration  , they are tailored to particular domains e.g. , spatial-temporal data  , predefined schemas  , or fixed visual representation e.g. , statistical charts. Yet  , there is little work on evaluating and optimising analytical queries on RDF data 4 ,5 . Thii attribute enables DBLEARN to output such statistical statements as 8% of all students majoring in Sociology are Asians. As described in q  , each tuple has a system-defined attribute called count which keeps track of the number of original tuples as stored in the relational database that are represented by the current generalized tuple. Two areas for further investigation are: the use of probabilistic dependencies as constrainta  , and the way in which they interact; and the concept of the degree to This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. For these experiments  , we have used the standard parameters for both matchers  , in order to keep it clearer. In this paper we have combined information extraction  , deductive reasoning and relational machine learning to integrate all sources of available information in a modular way. In general  , the approach is most effective when the information supplied via IE is complementary to the information supplied by statistical patterns in the structured data and if reasoning can add relevant covariate information. For example  , pairs of brokers working at the same branch are more likely to share the same fraud status than randomly selected pairs of brokers. The language of non-recursive first-order logic formulas has a direct mapping to SQL and relational algebra  , which can be used as well for the purposes of our discussion  , e.g. We use statistical information criteria during the search to dynamically determine which features are to be included into the model. Disjoint learning ignores the unlabeled instances in the graph during learning see Figure 1b This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. The Comet methodology is inspired by previous work in which statistical learning methods are used to develop cost models of complex user-defined functions UDFs—see 13  , 15—and of remote autonomous database systems in the multidatabase setting 19  , 26. Our ideas  , insights  , and experiences are useful for other complex operators and queries  , both XML and relational. Topic model performance is often measured by perplexity of test data as a function of statistical word frequencies  , ignoring word order. We use the current 3.2 million Wikipedia titles as our knowledge base to perform lexical parsing on all of the titles  , extracting relational argument structure to explore its potential use on topic modeling. We used as our backend retrieval system the IBM DB2 Net Search Extender  , which allows convenient combination of relational and fulltext queries. For the second run  , this score was combined with that of a statistical model that was trained to distinguish documents that are referred to by GeneRIFs from those that are not. Such probabilistic dependencies cannot easily be captured in logical expressions and typically are also not documented in textual or other sensory form. We also propose a way to estimate the result sizes of SPARQL queries with only very few statistical information. In this paper  , we show that existing techniques from relational systems  , such as query rewriting and cost based optimization for join ordering can be adopted to federated SPARQL. In FJS97   , a statistical approach is used for reconstructing base lineage data from summary data in the presence of certain constraints . In CWW00  , DB2  , Sto75Figure 2: Source data set for Order erating lineage tracing procedures automatically for various classes of relational and multidimensional views  , but none of these approaches can handle warehouse data created through general transformations. In addition  , we will cast the model in a more principled graphical model framework  , formulating it as a latent variable model where the summary " influence " weights between pairs of nodes are hidden variables that change over time and affect the statistical dependencies between attribute values of incident nodes. This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. Collective inference models have recently been shown to produce more accurate predictions than disjoint inference models 7  , 11. The characteristics of such domains form a good match with our method: i links between documents suggest relational representation and ask for techniques being able to navigate such structures; " flat " file domain representation is inadequate in such domains; ii the noise in available data sources suggests statistical rather than deterministic approaches  , and iii often extreme sparsity in such domains requires a focused feature generation and their careful selection with a discriminative model  , which allows modeling of complex  , possibly deep  , but local regularities rather than attempting to build a full probabilistic model of the entire domain. Linked document collections  , such as the Web  , patent databases or scientific publications are inherently relational   , noisy and sparse. To address the shortcomings of this conventional approach   , we described in this paper statistics on views in Microsoft SQL Server  , which provide the optimizer with statistical information on the result of scalar or relational expressions. Depending on the data set and the makeup of the query  , " bad plans " can be triggered by changes as simple as creating a new index or adding a few rows to a table. Even if privacy and confidentiality are in place  , to be practical  , outsourced data services should allow sufficiently expressive client queries e.g. , relational operators such as JOINs with arbitrary predicates without compromising confidentiality. This is important because today's outsourced data services are fundamentally insecure and vulnerable to illicit behavior  , because they do not handle all three dimensions consistently and there exists a strong relationship between such assurances: e.g. , the lack of access pattern privacy usually allows for statistical attacks compromising data confidentiality . In this tutorial  , we will explore the challenges of designing and implementing robust  , efficient  , and scalable relational data outsourcing mechanisms  , with strong security assurances of correctness  , confidentiality  , and data access privacy. Therefore  , we can conclude that attribute partitioning is important to a SDS. Attribute partitioning HAMM79 is another term for a transposed file scheme within a relational database  , As stated in BORA62  , such schemes are useful in statistical database systems because although the relations often contain many attributes  , usually only a few are referenced in any one query  , Additionally  , attribute partitioning is useful in compression schemes that depend on physical adjacency of identical values EGGEBO  , EGGEBl  , TURN79. To support the integration of traditional Semantic Web techniques and machine learning-based  , statistical inferencing  , we developed an approach to create and work with data mining models in SPARQL. Moreover  , we think that the fact that companies such as Microsoft and Oracle have recently added data mining extensions to their relational database management systems underscores their importance  , and calls for a similar solution for RDF stores and SPARQL respectively. The goal of this paper is to combine the strengths of all three approaches modularly  , in the sense that each step can be optimized independently. Contributions of this paper are centered around four analytical query approaches listed in the following – We compare the performance of traditional relational approaches RDBMS / ROLAP and of using a triple store and an RDF representation closely resembling the tabular structure OLAP4LD-SSB. Our future work will include an extension to the the temporal summarization scheme to model temporally varying attributes and an investigation of alternative kernels and relational models. If there is a significant influence effect then we expect the attribute values in t + 1 will depend on the link structure in t. On the other hand  , if there is a significant homophily effect then we expect the link structure in t + 1 will depend on the attributes in t. If either influence or homophily effects are present in the data  , the data will exhibit relational autocorrelation at any given time step t. Relational autocorrelation refers to a statistical dependency between values of the same variable on related objects—it involves a set of related instance pairs  , a variable X defined on the nodes in the pairs  , and it corresponds to the correlation between the values of X on pairs of related instances. Figure 1illustrates influence and homophily dependencies. Thus in a file where the records have several fields each  , all the first fields are stored together  , then all the second  , and so on. Two-stage hill climbing 5.2.1. T o obtain a successor node during hill climbing mode  , the following steps are taken. Let the cmt at any node m for hill climbing. In the hybrid SSH  , localization by hill-climbing is replaced by localization in an LPIM. following and hill-climbing control laws  , moving between and localizing at distinctive states. Two hill climbing scenarios are considered below. 8shows a modified Pioneer 3-AT at the bottom of a hill attempting to climb the hill. The hill climbing method generates solutions very fast if it does not encounter deadends. This measure is then used for a search method similar to the hill climbing method. This experiment validates the effectiveness of the weighted LHS combined with the Smart Hill-Climbing. Furthermore   , the final result of the search is better than that of Smart Hill-Climbing with LHS. percolation "  ? .. -the way this task can bc achicvcd : " hill-climbing " gradient methods  ? " edges  ? 12 and 13show the concave and convex transition of climbing up hill respectively. Figs. hill there may exist a better solution. Accepting Qud moves corresponds I ,O a " hill climbing " IC91: on the other side of IJtc! robot path PhMing. Hence  , the solution most likely converges to local minimum. Hill-climbing method is used for its simplicity and effectiveness. 4. GA optimization combined with simple hill climbing is used to improve gaits. Not all selected Fig. Finally  , it describes how SBMPC was specialized to the steep hill climbing problem. Next  , it disusses the benefits of SBMPC. Hill climbing does not work well for nonconvex spaces  , however  , since it will terminate when it finds a local maxima. Hill climbing starts from a random potentially poor solution  , and iteratively improves the solution by making small changes until no more improvements are found. In both cases  , concave and convex transition gait are performed sequentially. The one is climbing up the hill with 35 degrees of the slope and the other is the going down the hill. The detailed tracing results show that hill-climbing started from choosing topfacets and gradually replaced similar facets by less similar ones. Although hill-climbing had a slightly worse target article coverage than the other two 5% less  , it outperformed them in pair-wise similarity which means the facets selected have smaller overlap of navigational paths. However  , even if we combine DP with hill-climbing  , the planning problem is not yet free from combinatorial explosion . In 8  , we analyzed a simple vision-motion planning problem and concluded that hill-climbing is useful to limit a search space at each stage of DP. However   , we adjust all the weights in a WNB simultaneously  , unlike the hill climbing method  , in which we adjust each weight individually. Like the hill climbing method  , we stop adjusting the weights when the increase between the current AUC and the previous AUC is less than a very small value ¯. The final facets selected by hill-climbing usually were still within the top 30%  , while the ones selected by random-were evenly distributed among the results from single-facet ranking. We have experimented with hill climbing in our model fitting problem  , and confirmed that it produces suboptimal results because the similarity metric dK or others is not strictly convex. In the sequel we describe several alternatives of hill climbing and identify the problem properties that determine performance by a thorough investigation of the search space. The good performance of hill climbing motivates the current work  , since fast search for sub-optimal solutions is the only way to deal with the vast amounts of multimedia information in several applications. The general approach can be used to specify the vehicle velocity at the top of the hill in the steep hill climbing problem. This ongoing work will be reported in a future publication. Alternatively  , we can follow the hill climbing approach but it is computationally more expensive and requires more scans of the database 18. However  , unlike the hill climbing approach where all the points are reassigned to the clusters  , we do not reassign the points already assigned to the 'complete' clusters . Each experiment performed hill climbing on a randomly selected 90% of the division data. Ten experiments were performed with each of the two divisions. The hill-climbing match procedure typically requires about one minute. A SPARCstation 10 is used both for robot control and for relocalization. This hill-climbing search was conducted on COCOMO II data divided into pre-and post-1990 projects. A * search is therefore more computationally expensive on average than hill climbing. Portions of many different paths may therefore be explored before a solution path is finally found. The heuristical method can be enhanced with known methodologies such as hill climbing. We believe that much future work can be done. Finally  , a hill-climbing phase in which different implernentation choices are considered reintroduces some of the interactions. This effectively rules out all choice interactions in this phase. Figure 2 only shows the most often influential attributes; i.e. This procedure is formalized in Alg. In each hill climbing iteration  , we select the best grasp from N C l  until no improvement is achieved. As the robot climbed the hill  , it decelerated  , resulting in a continual decrease in velocity. 14shows the result for hill climbing using SBMPC  , which commanded the robot to accelerate to a velocity of 0.55 m/s at 3 s  , the time at which the vehicle was positioned at the bottom of the hill. Metaheuristic algo- rithms 9 are elaborate combinations of hill climbing and random search to deal with local maxima. The impracticability of examining every possible partition naturally leads to the adoption of a hill climbing strategy  , which essentially consists of iteratively rearranging existing partitions by moving individual objects to different clusters  , and keeping the new partition only if it provides an improvement of the objective function. The other dramatic effect is the time taken with hill-climbing; not only is it just a fraction of the time taken without hill-climbing  , it is very close to being a constant  , varying between 32- 42ps for this set of randomised motion parameters and hull sizes between 10 and 500. The sequence length here is that the average number of iterations per calculation is indeed quite close to 1. For feature smoothing  , we found that it is valuable to apply different amounts of smoothing to single term features and proximity features 5. Feature weights are learned by directly maximizing mean average precision via hill-climbing. The path formed at the local minima may not be collision-free and may be much longer than the optimal one. Three basic search techniques are combined to perform the search through the octree space. In our experiments  , the parameter pair Second  , we use the hill-climbing a1 orithm and the crossover-swapping operator in paralfel. The performance of EVIS on Lawrence's instances is shown in Table 2 Although it is not possible to avoid deadends completely during the search  , we can minimize the probability of encountering deadends based on the measure developed here. Such a path always exists for a connected graph. Therefore  , we propose as an " optimal " path the one obtained by a hill-climbing method with Euclidean distances as the metric for edge weight. Further parallelization is possible by batching up all the states to be evaluated in a single optimizer step. This allows us to use iterative hill-climbing approaches  , such as coordinate ascent  , to optimize the classifier in under an hour. For performance reasons  , the iterative medoid-searching phase is performed on a sample using a greedy hill-climbing technique. The Manhattan Distance divided by the subspace dimension is used as normalized metric for trading between subspaces of different dimensionality. After this iterative search  , an additional pass over the data is performed for refinement of clusters  , medoids and associated subspaces. 11shows the result for hill climbing using SBMPC  , which commanded the robot to back up and then accelerate to a velocity of 0.55 m/s at 1.5 s  , a velocity maintained until approximately 2.3 s  , the time at which the vehicle was positioned at the bottom of the hill. When the objective function has an explicit form  , Hill-climbing could quickly reach an optimal point by following the local gradients of the function. The first three are generally applicable as they require little a priori knowledge of the problem. One approach to reducing the number of choice interactions that must be considered is described by Low 'Low  , 1974. If the stopping condition is not met  , the framework will use a hill-climbing strategy to find a new value for N and a new iteration will start. This performance metric is compared with the target value. Two very important parts of this formulation  , which are often overlooked or not present in similar models  , are feature weighting and the feature smoothing. Now that the model has been fully specified  , the final step is to estimate the model parameters. Since our parameter space is small  , we make use of a simple hill climbing strategy  , although other more sophisticated approaches are possible 10. We now describe a technique that incorporates hill-climbing and is roughly We assume that which vertices are adjacent to each vertex is pre-computed and stored as a part of the polyhedron representation. Mobile manipulators may have difficulties for the stability in climbing up a hill  , maneuvering on unstructured terrain  , and fast manipulation. Basically  , however  , the stability problem of the whole system is very important. The Spatial Semantic Hierarchy SSH 2 The basic SSH explores the environment by selecting an alternating sequence of trajectory. The JUKF functioned as expected. For the few times that the position uncertainty became too large  , we were able to re-estimate initial positions using hill-climbing and GSL. The transformation that produces the best match is then used to correct the dead reckoning error. We have developed a technique that uses a hill-climbing search to match evidence grids constructed at the same estimated position at different times. High and low values were chosen empirically based on reasonable values for level ground and hill climbing. The parameter variation experiments were conducted on level ground and at a moderate slope of 8 degrees. All parameter values are tuned based on average precision since retrieval is our final task. At the current stage of our work  , the parameters are selected through exhaustive search or manually hill-climbing search. In experiments  , we find an appropriate ¡Û value manually for each dataset. Expert knowledge can be included in the methods  , and the definition of the problem can be changed in different ways to reflect different user envi- ronments. Overall  , hill-climbing helps us reducing overlapping facets without losing much coverage of target articles. Therefore the fanout of internal nodes and the length of navigational paths are within a reasonable range for the users. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. Additional parameters are tuned by running a hill-climbing search on the training data. There exist two general approaches: the hill-climbing approach based on the MDL score 16  , 23  , the prevalent  , more practical one which is used here  , and the constraint-based approach. However  , the general problem is NP-complete 4. First  , it can localize unambiguously at any pose within the LPM rather than relying on the basic SSH strategy of hill-climbing to an unambiguous pose. In return  , the robot obtains two substantial benefits in terms of its spatial knowledge. As there is no analytical method available for the solution of differential equations  , the problem is solved by numerical method. In our approach to GSL  , data patterns are first matched to HEC cluster patterns through hill-climbing 8201. In general  , the initial first-and second-order statistics are estimated through global self-localization GSL. Then mobile robots can plan motion using the multi-functional and efficient traversability vector t-vector obstacle detection model 6. To reduce the computational cost  , pruning using problem specific constraints is necessary. ORCLUS 3  , finds arbitrarily oriented clusters by using ideas related to singular value decomposition. PROCLUS 2 seeks to find axis-aligned subspaces by partitioning the set of points and then uses a hill-climbing technique to refine the partitions. To identify modes  , all data points are taken as starting points and their location is updated through a sequence of hill climbing step. The latter approach was chosen in this paper because it avoids representing the high-dimensional feature space. Only those data points that have a density exceeding the noise threshold before beginning the hill-climbing are assigned to a cluster center. Assignment to a cluster center is achieved using hillclimbing on the same density landscape. Otherwise  , the attributes in the non-stale set are selected as being influential on the score. We usually settle at a maximum within 15–25 iterations: Figure 3shows that Jα quickly grows and stabilizes with successive iterations. The hill-climbing approach is fast and practical. For the following discussion  , we assume medium or large nonindexed images and unrestricted variables. Earlier authors have considered instead using hill-climbing approaches to adjust the parameters of a graph-walk 14. In this paper we propose the use of learned re-ranking schemes to improve performance of a lazy graph walk. 1for the robot is generated between the two node positions. If a local miminum is reached  , A * search is invoked  , beginning at the point at which hill climbing got stuck see Fig. In many cases the contact positions had to be heavily adjusted to fulfill reachability. The dotted lines indicate the path each contact took in 3D space during the iterated refinement and hill climbing steps. Since our method has only 3 parameters  , we calculated their optimal setting with a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search method. For the baseline method the association score between the document and any candidate mentioned is always equal to 1.0. Tuning Interrelated Knobs: We may know of fast procedures to tune a set of interrelated knobs. We can now focus on these type-II knobs  , and perform hill climbing to obtain a potentially better knob configuration. Note  , that this maximization is a special case of the maximization of the posterior 3  , just that the likelihood becomes a constant. This can be done by hill climbing as well. We run preliminary experiments on a small scale system to validate that the theoretical results hold. Applying a hill-climbing strategy for workload intensity along the stress vectors  , we are able to reach the stress goal. That figure shows the percentage of times an attribute was selected by a N =4 hill climbing search. Figure 2suggests that we do not have such a " large enough " database. Hill climbing has the potential to get stuck in a local minimum or freeze  , so stopping heuristics are required. This allows us to randomly walk around ¦  , without reducing the goodness of our current solution. These observations support Joachim's experience that the VC-dimension of many text Train  , c = −1 Test  , c = −1 "money-fx.lf" "money-fx.af" We then perform a hill-climbing search in the hierarchy graph starting from that pair. If this simple test fails  , we randomly sample the cache and identify a pair in the sample whose distance is closest to the required one. In order to comprehend the behavior of hill climbing under different combinations of search strategies  , we first study the search space for configuration similarity. Figure 2shows b 12 variables and thus does not necessarily guarantee an optimal path in the shortest path sense. Remolina and Kuipers 13  ,  151 present a formalization of the SSH framework as a non-monotonic logical theory. A gateway is a boundary between qualitatively different regions of the environment: in the basic SSH  , the boundary between trajectory-following and hill-climbing applicability. This is the criterion used in the examples in Figures Each gateway has two directions  , inward and outward. For the refinement step  , we apply a greedy hill climbing procedure explained in Sec. We stop coarsening the mesh before it degenerates and then apply a random initialization of contacts. This energy could be employed for hill climbing or long jumping  , or converted to vertical motion in a " pole vaulting " mode. In reality  , the hopper may be able to store substantial additional energy due to its horizontal motion. Accepting bad moves corresponds to perform what is called a hill climbing: on the other side of the hill there may exist a better solution. Then  , the method Proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Very Large Data Bases acceptAction uses Prob  , which is a boolean function that returns true with a probability that depends on temp and the costs of the compared states  , usually e ~~s'~cost~s~cost~~temP. This commanded velocity profile resulted in the vehicle's front wheels reaching the top of the hill at approximately 4.1 s. A time-lapse sequence of the motion with and without SBMPC is shown in Figure 12. All the other runs got stuck in an infeasible local maximum. In the experiments for this problem  , only 8 out of 480 single start statistical hill-climbing runs 6 hours on one Sparc 20 per run converged to a feasible solution-that is approximately 1.7%. Section II describes the dynamic model used in this research  , which was developed in 5 and emphasizes important model features that enable it to be used for motion planning in general and the steep hill climbing problem in particular. Second  , it constructs a complete representation of the paths at the place  , and hence of the dstates and possible turn actions. The hill climbing search strategy modifies the position of one fixel at a time until arriving at a fixel configuration achieving simultaneous contact and providing force closure with the feature tuple. In this section  , we describe a heuristic search strategy for finding a fixel configuration for a particular feature tuple. Deletion of tuples is performed symmetrically  , from the leaves to the root  , updating each concerned summary to take into account tuple deletion. The so-called hill-climbing search method locally optimize the summary hierarchy such that the tree is an estimated structure built from past observations and refined every time a new tuple is inserted. The β values are tuned via hill climbing based on the hybrid NDCG values of the final ranking lists merged from different rankers. In CS-DAC  , several rankers are trained simultaneously  , and each ranking function f * k see Equation 3 is optimized using the CS- DAC loss function and hybrid labels. Since both energy functions can be locally minimized by preserving the overlap  , a definite hill climbing is involved. The non-overlapping modules corresponding to the initial configuration lie inside the loop while those corresponding to the final Configuration lie outside the loop. It should be noted that local optimizing techniques  , such as hill climbing  , cannot be used here to find the global optimum  , due to the presence of local extrema. Like a random search  , a global optimum will be produced in the limit as ng-wo. Despite the great deal of motion planning research  , not much work has been done directly on the area of pushing planning. However  , it has a few limitations  , such as the fact that it is based on a hill climbing search  , which seem to make it unsuitable for our domain. surface are iden tifiedand counted as rocks for inclusion in the roughness assessment. In effect  , targets that differ from the ground 'The F uzzy Bversability Index also depends on the wheel design and traction mechanism of the robot which determine its hill clim bing and rok climbing capabilities. Surprisingly  , although ensemble selection overfits with small data  , reliably picking a single good model is even harder—making ensemble selection more valuable. Despite previous refinements to avoid overfitting the data used for ensemble hill- climbing 3   , our experiments show that ensemble selection is still prone to overfitting when the hillclimb set is small. While 10 uses a feature space grid to assist in the search for maxima  , 4 parses the table of data points for each hill climbing step. Note that hill-climbing strategies are currently the only ones that are compatible with LLA  , because statistical goodness-offit tests χ 2  require the compared models to be nested. Forward selection starts with a simple model usually all variables independent and iteratively adds terms accepting more complex hypotheses  , so long as there is sufficient evidence to accept new hypotheses. The method applies a " hill-climbing " strategy that makes use of a 3-D playing area measuring   , as visualised in the illustrations discussed above. To obtain these values  , we apply a procedure for identifying the threshold values that lead to the highest classification accuracy from a particular training set. In the latter case the hill-climbing procedure has been ineffective in escaping a poor local optimum. This is also the case for zoo and hepatitis  , and for mushroom  , where even a much larger data set includes misleading instances if a small support threshold is chosen. The average width and height of the facets generated by the three methods were about the same  , except that random-occasionally chose some much wider facets. In this technique  , the " bad quality " clusters the ones that violate the size bound are discarded Step FC7 and is replaced  , if possible  , by better quality clusters. The system performs the path search in an octree space  , and uses a hybrid search technique that combines hypothesize and test  , hill climbing  , and A ' This paper discusses some of the issues related to fast 3-D motion planning  , and presents such a system being developed at NRS. 12where it can be seen that despite random initialization  , our approach is capable to synthesize point contact grasps that comply to different reachability constraints. At this moment  , we have selected a value for all type-I and type-III knobs of S. Recall that some type-I knobs are actually converted from type-II ones  , which are ordered discrete or continuous. Thus  , the system does not adopt a purely agglomerative or divisive approach  , but rather uses both kind of operators for the construction of the tree. One can check whether the fitness function for the satellite docking problem exhibits this property by performing a large number of statistical hillclimbing runs 6. It can be noticed that climbing hills are not very well localised and that sometimes rocks are wrongly classified as steps down. The right image shows some small acceptable rocks on the right  , a 1 m to 20 crn deep from left to right step down at 5 m  , and a 45" hill at 10 m. Obstacle detection is quite reliable. This set of items is a complete description of what the mobile robot can see during its runs. We make the hypothesis that two or more of these situations cannot overlap e.g. , a small rock on the right side while climbing a big hill. The procedure commences with initial support and confidence threshold values  , describing a current location   in the base plane of the playing area. Fig- ure 13shows the average characteristics of the faceted interfaces generated by these methods. The number of blocks remains constant throughout the hill climbing trial. A potential transformation is made by selecting one of the sets belonging to Ë and then replacing a random point in this -set by a random point not in the -set. The soft cardinalities a measure of set cardinality that considers inter-element similarities in the set of the two sets of stems and their intersection are used to compute the similarity of two given short text fragments. Several measurements were made to ascertain the quality of the various selection techniques  , as seen in Figure 1. All of the design and selection of the distance measures was done using hill-climbing on the development set  , and only after this exploration was All of the design and selection of the distance measures was done using hill-climbing on the development set  , and only after this exploration was In Figure 1we see both development and test set results for answer selection experiments involving a sample of the distance measures with which we experimented. By extracting the switching points from the model  , we are able to compute the stress vectors that yield a bottleneck change. Due to the absence of the training corpus  , the tuning of all parameters was performed on the testing data using a brute-force hill-climbing approach. As an exception  , the Probabilistic Translation Model was evaluated on the same representation that was used by Xu et.al.19. However  , the conventional G A applications generate a random initial population without using any expert knowledge. In other search engines such as Hill-Climbing  , it is clear that starting from a good location can significantly improve chances for convergence to an optimal solution in a much shorter time. Further  , we will replace the exponential moving average with an more efficient stochastic gradient hill climbing strategy. Future work will improve our distributed approach by optimizing floating point parameters of central pattern generators instead of discrete action or set-points in gaittables . This way it can significantly increase the number of prob­ lems for which a solution can be found. In this paper we present a randomized and hill-climbing technique which starts with an initial priority scheme and optimizes this by swapping two randomly chosen robots. In order for dead reckoning to be useful for mobile robots in real-world environments  , some means is necessary for correcting the position errors that accumulate over time. The presented data is taken from the above experiment and for the bunny object. For this  , we consider how many hill climbing steps the approach requires at each level and how many grasps need to be compared in each of these steps. 3represents the largest possible output power for one side of the vehicle  , which is 51 W. Generally speaking  , the torque limit constraint 5 is what causes deceleration when climbing a steep hill  , while the power constraint 6 limits the speed of the vehicle while traveling on either horizontal or sloped terrains. The square symbol in Fig. A particular classifier configuration can be evaluated over a set of over 10000 images with several lights per image by a few hundred computers in under a second.  The knowledge base is enriched by learning from user behaviors  , such that the retrieval performance can be enhanced in a hill-climbing manner. Therefore  , the results retrieved based on it are more relevant to the query than those retrieved by the CBR systems  , which rely on low-level features only.  The LGM provides a solid and generic foundation for multimedia retrieval  , which can be extended towards a number of directions. The knowledge base is enriched by learning from user behaviors  , such that the retrieval performance can be enhanced in a hill-climbing manner. The problems remaining are those of stability and reliability. The control problem can be problem of getting stuck in a local optimum which other Proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Very Large Data Bases hill climbing problems are faced with. These parameters can be divided into two kinds: the weights on the classes of words  , like people or locations  , and the thresholds for deciding if enough of the content is novel. We opted for a hill-climbing approach to find effective parameters for the system. In general  , the quality of solutions increases with density. In order to test this observation we ran experiments with the four variations of hill climbing 2 variable selection  2 value selection mechanisms using query sets of 6 and 15 variables over datasets of I000 uniformly distributed rectangles with densities of 0.1 and 1. Following six trajectories for each of ten rooms  , we observe that  , provided GSL is accurate  , the JUKF could repeatedly and reliably track the position and orientation of both vehicles. The WSJ  , FT  , SJMN  , and LA collections are used for testing whether the parameters optimized on AP can be used consistently on other collections. Therefore  , a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search is used to optimize mean average precision by starting at the full independence parameter setting λT = 1  , λO = λU = 0. An example mean average precision surface for the GOV2 collection using the full dependence model plotted over the simplex λT + λO + λU = 1 is shown in Figure 2. In this case it is advisable to choose the optimum slope which requires the nummum energy consumption. However  , in some cases it is important to evaluate the energy required per ascending distance  , which we denote by cost of climbing COC  , such as when presented with different paths to the peak of a hill. The relocalization subsystem then used hill-climbing to find the best match between these two grids and output the estimated error. Next the encoders were reset  , so the robot viewed the new location as the origin  , and a second evidence grid was built. During these experiments  , transient changes were present  , in the form of people moving past the robot as it constructed these evidence grids. A hill-climbing gradient ascent technique described independently by Sanderson 9 and Jarvis 4 is to compute the criterion function  , move the lens  , recompute the Criterion function  , and look at the sign of the difference of the criterion. This section describes a control strategy for automatically focusing on a point in a static scene. As can be seen  , the energy function corresponding to the optimal assignment metric yields ibetter results than the overlap metric in all cases. In general  , the fitness of the composite operator is adjusted as  By adjusting the operator fitness  , we balance the exploration of new search space and the exploitation of promising solutions found by the hill-climbing algo- rithm. This scheme is called parent replacement. Anyway  , the C parameter tuning is a very time and labor intensive work so that we need some automatic hill-climbing parameter calibration given enough computing power. For the feature sets  , combining the full text terms  , gene entities and MeSH terms is effective but even the combinations of two of them work reasonably well. We needed to index most of the content  , so indexing the content with partial noise was preferred to the one where some content blocks are unrecognized. The result was quite similar to the hill climbing heuristic  , but it skipped many important blocks in some of the cases. The ultimate goal of this work is the development of 3D machines that can cross rugged  , natural andl manmade terrains. The heading is then modified so that the robot moves towards the stronger reading. In order to maintain a heading close to the centre of the chemical plume the robot employs a hill-climbing strategy in which the robot turns to take sensor readings to the left and right of its current heading. In such situations  , the cost to the destination can be computed without using equation 3 and the recursive computation terminates. Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. As desired by the user the list can be reduced to terminal authors. In extensive experiments it has been proven to be very effective even for large teams of robots and using two different dec au pled path planning techniques. For forward selection  , the generation of candidate alternatives to a current model relies on the addition of edges  , because graphical models are completely defined by their edges or two-factor terms. The method searches for the weights that correspond to the best projection of data in the ddimensional space according to S&D. To find a meaningful weighting of a specific set of d dimensions   , Dim  , for a given set of must-link and cannot-link constraints  , further referred to as S&D  , our approach performs hill climbing. This phase follows a hill climbing strategy   , that is  , in each iteration  , a new partition is computed from the previous one by performing a set of modifications movements of vertices between communities. The goal of this phase is to refine the partition received from the previous phase. Given ℐ −   , instead of exhaustively considering all possible element subsets of ℐ −   , we apply a hill-climbing method to search for a local optimum  , starting from a random -facet interface ℐ . This is in line with the idea of avoiding large overlap between facets Section 4.2. To increase the chance of forming a good solution we repeat the random walk or trial a number of times  , each time beginning with a random initial feasible solution. Since EIL for M CICM where the limiting campaign has high effectiveness property or for COICM in general are submodular and monotone  , the hill climbing approach provides a 1 − 1/e ap- proximation 10  , 36 for these problems. We leave a more extensive evaluation including such heuristics as future work. We shall examine normalized vectors to see if it helps for an easier parameter tuning. The small number of queries in the testing dataset precluded the use of any statistical significance tests. Rather  , it selects a successor at random  , and moves to that successor provided that there is an improvement of MP C. The computation usually halts when we have not been able to choose a better successor after a fixed number of attempts. Stochastic hill climbing does not examine all successors before deciding how to move. The first is how to utilize initial expert knowledge for a better and faster search routine. Given that the Meet space is unlikely to be convex  , there is no guarantee that this greedy hill climbing approach will find a global optimum  , but  , as we will show  , it tends to reliably find good solutions for our particular problem. Each single dimensional optimization problem is solved using a simple line search. For this reason  , we discriminatively train our model to directly maximize the evaluation metric under consider- ation 14  , 15  , 25. Under the experiment's conditions  , the maximum speed on smooth level ground was 4 2 c d s or approximately 2.5 body lengths per second. The goal was to apply SBMPC to the hill climbing problem in a computationally efficient manner. The related problems of traversing mud and high  , stiff vegetation are also of interest with the main issue being a technique for effective characterization of the vehicle-ground interaction. However  , one recursive coarsening step already improves results considerably over mere hill climbing on the original mesh at level 0. We observe a general trend showing that grasp quality is increased and variance reduced as the number of levels is increased. Since the experiment in the previous section shows that more levels in general lead to better expected grasp quality  , we have to investigate how the average and worst case complexity relate to the number of levels. Turbulence in the airflow produces a fluctuating chemical concentration at the robot. All of the timings in this section were done on a 120MHz Pentium PC running Linux  , and the code was compiled using the gcc compiler with optimisation turned on  , This figure illustrates clearly the usefulness of hill-climbing  , with the effect being most noticeable for larger hulls. The data-points plotted are times in ps for a complete distance calculation . Second  , we explore how ensemble selection behaves with varying amounts of training data available for the critical forward selection step. For large document clusters  , it has been found to yield good results in practice  , i.e. , the local optimum found yields good conceptual clusters 4. is a hill-climbing procedure and is prone to getting stuck at a local optimum finding the global optimum is NP-complete. The presentation emphasizes the importance of using a closed-loop model i.e. , one that includes the motor speed controllers to reduce the uncertainty of the tire/ground interaction  , the inclusion of the motor limitations  , and the ability of the model to predict deceleration when climbing a steep hill. This section describes the dynamic model of a skid-steered wheeled vehicle that was developed and experimentally verified in 8. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. If the samples are spaced reasonably densely which is easily done with only a few dozen samples  , one can guarantee that the global maximum of the likelihood function can be found. We produce five queries with 9 variables  , and five with 12  , and for each query we generate 500 random solutions in a dataset of 1 ,000 uniformly distributed rectangles with density 0.5 density is defined as the sum of all rectangle areas divided by the workspace. The idea of considering both similarity and cost is motivated in Section 4.2.   , pagelinks.sql  , categorylinks.sql  , and redirect.sql  , which provide all the relevant data including the hyperlinks between articles  , categories of articles   , and the category system. As the goal function to be optimized in hill-climbing  , ℐ is considered better if the facets of ℐ have both smaller pair-wise similarities and smaller navigational costs than that of ℐ line 14. These latter effects probably account for the increase in average time per operation for the hill-climbing version to around 250-300ns; the difference in the code for these two methods is tiny. Some of this discrepancy will be due to the cost of the additional machine operations  , and on a modern small computer some of the time will be due to cache misses and pipeline flushes. When a local maximum is reached with a stepsize of 0.125 feet and 0.125 degrees  , the search is stopped and the resulting maximum is output as the transformation between the two evidence grids. The hill-climbing stepsize is initially set to 1.0 feet in translation  , degrees in rotation and is halved when a local maximum is reached  , in order to more precisely locate this maximum. Besides the discrete design variables  , the size of the search space is further increased by six continuously varying parameters defining the position and orientation of the space shuttle with respect to the satellite. In conclusion  , the TBD problem for the satellite docking operation is characterized by: a very large search space a high computation cost for evaluating the fitness of a a very small fraction of feasible designs a small probability of reaching these feasible designs through statistical hill-climbing. The speed limitations are expected to be particularly important when planning minimum time paths on undulating terrain. Given the vertex We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. The final solution to the optimization problem is a setting of the parameters w and a pruning threshold that is a local maximum for the Meet metric. Figure 4shows the average similarity of25 queries in each set retrieved over the two datasets every 50 seconds using a SUN Ultrasparc 2  , 200 MHz  , with 256MB of RAM. Figure 7a presents the performance of the predictive hill climbing approachPHCA and the degree centralityDegi  heuristic under various amounts of missing information for the case where the limiting campaign L is started with 30% delay. ratio of the number of the nodes saved using the respective method to the number of nodes that would be saved by the greedy method were we to have complete data Λ  , Σ  , Ξ. The expected log-likelihood 14 i s maximized using EM  , a popular niethod for hill climbing in likelihood space for problems with latent variables 2. Each new map is obtained by executing two steps: an E-step  , where the expectations of the unknown correspondences Ecij and Eci , are calculated for the n-th map eln  , and an M-step  , where a new maxinium likelihood map is computed under these ex- pectations. Finally  , note that we have assumed here that the coordinates of the object vertices are available on There is a catch though: whereas in visualisation we usually view from single directions  , in simulation we are likely to want to keep track of distances between many pairs of objects lo . We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. When the objects interpenetrate the origin of TCspace slips into the TCSO  , and GJK discovers a simplex almost certainly a tetrahedron containing the origin and within the TCSO. Suppose we have the variational distribution: Therefore  , we carry out variational EM. However  , this approach utilizes our proposed inference correction during each round of variational inference. As with PL-EM Naive  , this method utilizes 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference  , 10 rounds of EM  , and maximizes the full PL. Variational EM alternates between updating the expectations of the variational distribution q and maximizing the probability of the parameters given the " observed " expected counts. For evaluation purposes the accuracy of predicted location is used. For inference 17 use Variational EM. investigate how to perform variational EM for the application of learning text topics 33. Nallapati et al. MaxEntInf Pseudolikelihood EM PL-EM MaxEntInf : This is our proposed semi-supervised relational EM method that uses pseudolikelihood combined with the MaxEntInf approach to correct for relational biases. It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference and  , since the PL-EM is more stable than CL-EM  , 10 rounds of EM. To maximize with respect to each variational parameter  , we take derivatives with respect to it and set it to zero. The variational EM maximizes the lower bound of the log likelihood with respect to the variational parameters  , and then for fixed values of the variational parameters  , maximizes the lower bound with respect to the model parameters. The inference is performed by Variational EM. Then the term and the location are generated dependent on this topic assignment  , according to two different multinomial distributions. While the E-step can be easily distributed  , the M-step is still centralized  , which could potentially become a bottleneck. The inference is done by Variational EM and the evaluation is done by measuring the accuracy of predicted location and showing anecdotal results. The topics to generate terms are local topics   , which are derived from global topics. As CL-EM is known to be unstable 14   , we smooth the parameters at each iteration t. More specifically  , we estimate It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference. Maximizing the global parameters in MapReduce can be handled in a manner analogous to EM 33 ; the expected counts of the variational distribution generated in many parallel jobs are efficiently aggregated and used to recompute the top-level parameters. This independence can be engineered to allow parallelization of independent components across multiple computers. We divide information used for modeling user search intents into two categories – long-term history and short-term context. The pre-search context  , as we defined  , is the search context that is prior to a search task and could trigger the search; in-search context is the search context during a search task  , such as query reformulation and user clickthrough during a search session. We believe there exist two types of short-term contexts – pre-search context and insearch context. We plan to expand this set of search tools by providing a " beam " search  , a greedy search  , a K-lookahead greedy search  , and variations of the subassembly-guided search. In Archimedes 2 we currently have implemented three degrees of optimization: a full state-space search  , a search in a subspace of plans which use given subassemblies   , and a non-optimized " first feasible plan " method. In our definition of a switching event  , navigational queries for search engine names e.g. , search on Yahoo ! A search engine switching event is a pair of consecutive queries that are issued on different search engines within a single search session. We have conducted experiments including trending search detection and personalize trending search suggestion on a large-scale search log from a commercial image search engine. For evaluation , These search criteria will be transferred via the Web to a search script. The user will use a search form to specify the search criteria. The search for collision-free paths occurs in a search space. Search space rearesentation. It also included a search box to allow users to search using keywords. The search interface included a search form to allow the use of the extracted information in search. A static search session is the search history of a real user in an interactive search system  , including the users' search queries  , click-through  , and other information. The dataset includes static search session logs and whole-session level relevance judgments. The search sessions were first tested as a re-finding search session  , next as an exploratory search session. After the search sessions were identified  , each session was classified as a re-finding session  , exploratory search session or single query session. Quick search consists of a search box with a drop down menu suggesting a keyword with information about its type like author when keying in search terms. When starting a search  , readers could select either a quick search  , an advanced search or a recommendation page as their point of departure. The image search logs were collected in the first two weeks of Nov. 2012. If the search session failed to be classified as either re-finding or exploratory search  , it was classified as single search session. We envision search engines that can timely detect and efficiently propagate trending search content i.e. , search queries and corresponding search results to users' mobile devices to enable a realtime search experience at a lower cost for the datacenter. In this work  , we study the feasibility of enabling a real-time search experience for trending search topics without overwhelming the search backend with an excessive number of search requests. When a user comes to a search engine  , she formulates a query according to her search intent and submits it to the search engine. Each user presumably has an intrinsic search intent before submitting a query. Obfuscate a user's true search intent to a search engine is very difficult: we need to first identify the search intent  , properly embellish it before submitting to the search engine  , such that the returned search results are still useful. Merely hiding a user's identity is not enough  , but we need to hide a user's true search intent to ensure privacy. The hierarchical search makes use of the Lucene Boolean operator to join: a UMLS concept search  , appropriate Topic type word search e.g. Next  , the Hierarchical search is initiated. Similarly  , a control segment search is a search related to the category of the control advertisement. We define a target segment search as a search that is related to the category of the target advertisement 4 . These advertisements appear in a dedicated area of the search results page  , each one in a particular fixed subarea  , or slot. When a user performs a search  , the search engine often displays advertisements alongside search results. The three search requests result in a search response that is a list of brief descriptions of zetoc records matching the search. To avoid returning unmanageably large result sets  , the zetoc search response is a list of a fixed number The technique is applied to a graph representation of the octree search space  , and it performs a global search through the graph. The third technique we use is A' search Nilsson 711 -a best-first  , tree-structured search method. We extracted " browse → search " patterns from all sessions in the user browsing behavior data. cluding all search portal events from a search session  , if there is a search event immediately after a browse event  , we call the tuple {URL  , query} a " browse → search " pattern where URL is the page visited in the browse event and query is extracted from the search event. Sessions start with a search engine query followed by a click on a search engine result. From these logs  , we mined many thousands of search sessions. The result of a search is a list of information resources. Various search criteria can be specified by filling in a search form. search /admin/../ Website's control panel that allows to publish  , edit or delete announcements. renting anncs /search/ Page containing the results of a search submitted through the search engine. structural similarity and keyword search use IR techniques. pattern search and substructure search deploy database operators to perform a search  , while some other ones e.g. The Search Self-Efficacy Scale is a 14-item scale used to characterize search expertise. Subjects' search experience was measured with the Search Self- Efficacy Scale 5. Thus  , the search time is relatively longer than in a search from a keyword-based database. We assume a full text search conducted on each database. We identify two families of queries. Contextual search refers to a search metaphor that is based on contextual search queries. Here we use breadth-first search. Once the search space is structured  , a search strategy should be chosen. DEFINITION 2. Origin pages are the search results that start a search trail. A search trail consists of an origin page  , intermediate pages  , and a destination page. Each search result can be a new query for chain search to provide related content. The keyword given by the user can be a query for integrated search to provide a mixed search result of Web and TV programs. correctness of a search N Mean Standard Deviation These results support our interpretation of unique words in a search as a measure of search effort. Our goal is to improve upon the search time of binary search without using a significant amount of additional space. Nevertheless  , binary search has the benefit that no additional space beyond a is needed to perform a search. Businesses consider sponsored links a reliable marketing and profit avenue  , and search engines certainly consider sponsored search a workable business model. In 2005  , sponsored search was a $12 billion industry for the four largest search engines 6. Then a search mission is a sequence of consecutive searches  , such that a query of a search shares at least one non-stopword with any previous query within the search mission. A search is an interaction that leads to a result page; a query is a set of terms given by a search. Local search results: A set of localized search results extracted from Google's local search service 12 . 5.2 Structured search using search engines. Consequently  , databases are slowly morphing into a unified search/query system. The Dienst protocol provides two functions for querying a collection: Simple Search and Fielded Search. The Search Service. We simulate exploratory navigation by performing decentralized search using a greedy search strategy on the search pairs. v Simulation. A search model describes the string to search within the textual fragments. A search equation is a boolean expression of search models we use the classical boolean operators AND  , OR and EXCEPT. It provides a distributed  , multitenant-capable search engine with a HTTP web interface. Elastic Search 1 is a search server based on Lucene that provides the ability to quickly build scalable search engines. A meta search system sends a user's query to the back-end search engines  , combines the results and presents an integrated result-list to the user. A single search interface is provided to multiple heterogenous back-end search engines. A much more convenient way for accessing these collections would be connecting them within a single search interface  , applying the common meta search technique. With such a mechanism in place  , in the case of the 2012 U. S. presidential elections Figure 1  , 30% of users' queries could be instantly served locally e.g. , through the web browser or a dedicated search application  , without sending a request to the search engine. Third  , we want to extend the modeling scope from a search engine result page to a search session. Second  , we want to consider other types of 1 user action  , e.g. , clicking on a sponsor advertisement  , zooming on a result in mobile search  , reformulating a query; 2 query  , e.g. , audio queries in voice search  , image queries in image search  , foreign language queries in crosslingual search; 3 document  , e.g. , image results in image search; and 4 interaction  , e.g. , mouse movements. Moreover  , some search engines such as Google or Live.com have started to mix dedicated news search results with the results displayed in the regular search pane i.e. , when the user has not selected the news tab. As a consequence  , there exist a number of dedicated news search engines and many of the major search portals offer a dedicated news search tab. Most search systems used in recent years have been relational database systems. As mentioned above  , the semantic web and ontology based search system introduced in this study developed the next generation in search services  , such as flexible name search  , intelligence sentence search  , concept search  , and similarity search  , by applying the query to a Point Of Interest search system in wireless mobile communication systems. For the search backend  , Apache Lucene 14 is a search engine library with support for full text search via a fairly expressive query language   , extensible scoring  , and high performance indexing. Satakirjasto Sata is a traditional public library online catalog providing users with quick search  , advanced search and a browsing option. In quick search users key in search terms in a textbox  , whereas in advanced search in addition to that they may limit the search by the type of literature fiction – non-fiction  , author  , title  , keywords  , or other bibliographic information. Search interrmxhary elicitation during the online search stage largely focused on search strategy and terms  , followed by the online relevance elicitation requesting users to judge the relevance of the output. 58.6% online stage -with a mean of 16 presearch elicitation per search  , a mean of 23 or-dine elicitation per search  , and a mean of 39 total elicitation per search. We collect a set of 5 ,629 real user search sessions from a commercial search engine. Dataset. image search  , belong to the first type  , and provide a text box to allow users to type several textual keywords to indicate the search goal. Most commercial image search engines  , e.g. , Google image search  , Microsoft Bing image search  , and Yahoo! 'Organic search' is the classic search where users enter search terms and search engines return a list of relevant web pages. In the Web community there is lots of discussion about organic and sponsored search. Search intent prediction is an important problem  , as it will largely improve search experience. work on search intent prediction – predicting what a user is going to search even before the search task starts. 'Sponsored search' describes additional 'results' that are often shown beside the organic results. The user interface of the application simply consists of a text box and a keyword search can be performed pressing the " Search " button. search system works. The search engine then returns a ranked list of documents. People use search engines by expressing their information need as a textual search query – the information retrieval request. GA is a robust search method requiring little information to search in a large search space. It is based on the theory of natural selection and evolution. CSCs have very limited time to examine search result. It is crucial for a search engine to rank relevant documents high in a search result list. They identified two ways to personalize a search through query augmentation and search result ranking. proposed a contextual computing approach to improve personalized search efficiency 4. Traditional search engines  , such as Google  , do not perform any semantic integration but offer a basic keyword search service over a multitude of web data sources. Search Engines. The actual specification of a full-text search query for a particular product. Search. The search method described formally in Figure   3 is to successively narrow the search interval until its size is a given fraction of the initial search region. The Fibonacci search technique is the most efficient of any restricted search 6. Each participant was expected to carry out a search task on each one of Search Friend's interfaces systematically. We used the Search Friend system to investigate the role richer search interfaces play during different search tasks. The support for internal search was addressed by utilizing a domain specific vocabulary on different levels of the employed search mechanisms. The quality of the search depends on knowing what search terms to use and on the implemented search strategies. An information retrieval system SEARFA SEARch Flora Advanced system was implemented to allow users to search using both extracted information and keywords. These search tasks are often performed under stringent conditions esp. Patent analysts perform a number of difficult and challenging search tasks such as Novelty search or Infringement search 2 and rely upon sophisticated search functionality  , tools  , and specialised products 1. It is a variation of bidirectional search and sequential forward search SFS that has dominant direction on forward search. 23 is one of a classic heuristic searching method. The search site speed was controlled by using either a commercial search site with a generally slow response rate SE slow  or a commercial search site with a generally fast response rate SE fast . The search latency was controlled by using a clientside script that adjusted search latency by a desired amount of delay. Without loss of generality we will assume B i ≤ j u ij . We use a search query log of approximately 15 million distinct queries from Microsoft Live Search. to a more specialized search engine. All participants used the same search system which resembled a standard search engine. In all conditions  , the search system displayed a spinning wheel when it was busy. We also presuppose that the search proceeds in the following manner: Thus  , the search time is relatively longer than in a search from a keyword-based database. A search trail is represented by an ordered sequence of user actions. Every search goal is represented with a search trail. More recently  , MSN and Google Search 13 ,9 added location look-up capability that extracts location qualifiers from search query strings. 's local search sites 8 ,17 require users to specify a location qualifier  , in addition to giving a search query. For this we measure the click through percentage of search. The quality of a search is defined as probability of the event that user clicks on a search result presented to her as the answer to the search. We define a switch as an event of changing one search engine to another in order to continue the current search session. In this section we consider the problem of search engine switching prediction in a search session. Search logs are usually organized in the form of search sessions. The input to our method is the search log interaction data gathered from consenting users of a toolbar deployed by a commercial search engine. When applying a table search query to the popular search engines  , we observe that a flood of unwanted and sometimes unsolicited results will be returned. However  , existing search engines do not support table search. A basic search allows a search with simple keywords and then the matched results are returned in ranked order. TableSeer offers two levels of searches: basic search and advanced search. Keyword search is a useful way to search a collection of unstructured documents  , but is not effective with structured sources. Most search tools available for the WWW today e.g. , AltaVista  , Lycos  , Inktomi  , Yahoo are based on keyword search. For this paper  , the focus of the meta-search engine is browser add-on search tools. Meta-search engine allows a user to submit a query to several different search engines for searching all at once. Table 4displays these results. queries in a search; the total number of documents or paragraphs saved at the end of the search; the number of documents or books viewed during a search; and  , the mean query length per search. Given a user profile and a set of search keywords  , the search engine selects an ad advertisement  to display in the search result page. Sponsored search is one typical instance of online advertising. We collected 10 search results for each information problem using the Google search engine. After subjects completed the initial query evaluation  , they were directed to a search engine results page SERP containing a list of ten search results. Their main purpose is to give search engine users a comprehensive recommendation when they search using a specific query. Recently  , some search engines started showing related search keywords in the bottom of the result page. Here the search engine was initially IBM's TSE search engine  , later replaced with IBM's GTR search engine  , and the database was DB2. The server consists of a search engine index  , and a document and terms database. Most commercial search portals such as Bing and Google provide access to a wide range of specialized search engines called verticals. The goal of aggregated search is to combine results from multiple search engines in a single presentation. Each search unit is controlled from a control computer which loads the queries into the search units. To maintain this search time for a larger database will require multiple search units each with its own disc. Yahoo Knowledge Graph is a knowledge base used by Yahoo to enhance its search engine's results with semantic-search information gathered from a wide variety of sources. However  , Facebook Graph Search does not provide any travel search feature. In almost all of the work  , in-search context is essentially used as additional information for understanding search intent during a search task. There is a large body of work studying in-search context. It is also a practice of mass collaboration at a world-wide scale that allows users to vote for ranking of search results and improve search performance. This new search paradigm is an effective way of search personalization. And then we propose a probabilistic model based approach to explore the blended search problem. In this abstract  , we first study the vertical search engines' query log of a commercial search engine to show the importance of blended search problem. Some search engines try to improve the quality of search results by analysing the link structure of web resources. Existing Internet search engines locate the information by performing a keyword search on a full-text index of Internet resources. Their research is mainly based on analyzing logs when people use a search engine and a short survey. 13  , found search motivations such as navigational search  , informational search or resource finding. A search session within the same query is called a search session  , denoted by s. Clicks on sponsored ads and other web elements are not considered in one search session. Here the summary includes the search title  , snippets and URL. job search or product search offered with a general-purpose search engine using a unified user interface. Recent years have witnessed an increasing number of vertical search services e.g. After conducting all four searches  , participants completed an exit questionnaire. For each search task  , participants were shown the topic  , completed a pre-search questionnaire  , conducted their search and then completed a post-search questionnaire. When the user presses the search button in the side toolbar  , or presses " Control-S " on a keyboard  , the document goes into search mode. ReadUp provides a search mechanism modelled on the incremental text search mode of GNU Emacs 19. This is identical to Backward search except that it uses only one merged backward iterator  , just like Bidirectional search. To separate the effect of using a single iterator from the other effects of Bidirectional search  , we created a version of backward search which we call single iterator backward search or SI-backward search. In exploratory tasks users are often uncertain how to formulate search queries 8 either because they are unfamiliar with the search topic or they have no clear search goals in mind. Unlike lookup search  , where a discrete set of results achieves a welldefined objective  , exploratory search can involve unfamiliar subject areas and uncertainty regarding search goals. These three categories of search represent three of the four qualitatively different search types encountered in WiSAR 14  , 28. Importantly  , the appropriate type of navigation depends strongly on whether the search is a hasty/heuristic search 1   , an exhaustive search  , or a search that evaluates high priority regions first. When the user types characters in the search engine's search box  , the browser sends the user's input along with the cookie to the search engine. Every time the user performs a search  , the search engine returns the results and also updates a cookie that the browser stores on the user's machine with the latest search. Recall that 4.17% of the total number of user sessions began with a citation search query  , and 1.85% started with a document search query. Table 4shows the percentage of search sessions not including citation search queries 9.4% compared to the percentage of search sessions not including document search queries. The search results appeared either below the search box  , or in a different tab depending on user's normal search preferences  , in the original search engine result format. At that point  , a search interface as in Figure 2appeared  , which was to be used for submitting all search queries. An aggregate search engine is the same as any other instance of the search engine leaf node except that it handles all incoming search requests. The retrieval engine was designed primarily to act as a distributed search engine made up of a series of 'leaf' search engines or nodes which would be invoked by an 'aggregate' search engine. a search with the word 'diagnosis' for cases with the 'diagnosis' type  , stemmed title search and stemmed keyword search using the preferred terms of the UMLS concepts from the Googlediagnosis . We sampled 500 such patterns from the " browse → search " sessions. If a " browse → search " pattern is predicted as SearchTrigger and the user did click a URL in the search result given by a search engine SE for the query which can be observed in user browsing behavior data  , we will regard it as a " browse → search → click " pattern. Despite the two search sites coming from different brands  , the returned results were almost identical due to the nature of the search queries used see Procedure. The search site speed was controlled by using either a search site with a generally slow response rate SE slow  or a search site with a generally fast response rate SE fast . In an advanced search it is possible to formulate a query by selecting several fields to search. Although the two search sites were different  , the returned search results were very similar due to the nature of queries used see Procedure. This will provide the user with a selectable level of computing effort  , so he/she can trade off computing time with level of assurance of the optimality of the plan. As we are investigating the impact richer search interfaces have  , a spectrum of search tasks covering different search task types and goals would ideally need to be used. These search tasks were obtained from the TREC tracks  , and their search task categories were determined based on the search task's objective  , complexity and difficulty; Table 1describes the search tasks in detail. Trails can contain multiple query iterations  , and must contain pages that are either: search result pages  , visits to search engine homepages  , or connected to a search result page via a hyperlink trail. Search trails originate with a directed search i.e. , a query issued to a search engine  , and proceed until a point of termination where it is assumed that the user has completed their information-seeking activity. In The global search tries to find a path on a d-C-Lres by using a graph search method  , as shown in When the serial local search fails in finding a local path between adjacent sub-goals in a SgSeq as shown in an alternative SgSeq found by the global search during the 2nd trial. Proposed method repeats both global search and serial local search. Decentralized Search. Therefore  , decentralized search represents a very natural model of navigating tagging systems. Other search strategies can be specified as well. This results in a depth first search. after completion of the search  , the subject was asked to complete a post-search questionnaire. vi. Query rewriting Since the ultimate goal of users is to search relevant documents   , the users can search using formulae as well as other keywords. For example  , a user can search formulae that have two to four C  , four to ten H  , and may have a substructure of CH2  , using a conjunctive search of a full frequency search C2-4H4-10 and a substructure search of CH2. The underlying assumption is that several latent search factors exist in query logs  , each associated with a distinct topic transition rule  , and these search factors can be implicated by users' search behaviors. In this paper  , we have presented a novel method of search task identification based on a generative model for behavior driven search topic transition. Every session began with a query to Google  , Yahoo! , Live Search  , Ask.com  , or AltaVista  , and contained either search engine result pages  , visits to search engine homepages  , or pages connected by a hyperlink trail to a search result page. From interaction logs we extracted search sessions. We have investigated user search behavior in a complex multisession search task  , with a search system that provides various types of input components. Our planned follow-up research is to acquire search log data from a wider variety of search interfaces and tasks  , to verify the utility of direct and indirect query modifications to analyze user behavior in information seeking tasks. During the online stage  , the largest category of user elicitation related to search terminology 28% and secondly to search procedures 21%. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. The depth-first search instead of the breadth-first search is used because many previous studies strongly suggest that a depth-first search with appropriate pseudo-projection techniques often achieves a better performance than a breadth-first search when mining large databases. In §2 we investigate the media studies research cycle. i does the subjunctive exploratory search interface better support media studies researchers in a complex exploratory search task than a standard exploratory search interface; ii does the subjunctive exploratory search interface better support media studies researchers in refining a research question than a standard exploratory search interface; iii does the increase in complexity in terms of additional features affect the usability of the subjunctive interface as compared to a standard exploratory search interface ? Ideally  , a similarity search system should be able to achieve high-quality search with high speed  , while using a small amount of space. The performance of a similarity search system can be measured in three aspects: search quality  , search speed  , and space requirement. Different from existing interactive image search engines  , most of which only provides querybased or search result-based interaction  , MindFinder enables a bilateral query↔search result interactive search  , by considering the image database as a huge repository to help users express their intentions. In this work  , we develop the MindFinder system  , which is a bilateral interactive image search engine by interactive sketching and tagging. They show that their model can predict search success effectively on their data and on a separate set of log data comprising search engine sessions. 1  propose a formalization of different types of success for informational search  , and presented a scalable game-like infrastructure for crowdsourcing search behavior studies  , specifically targeted towards capturing and evaluating successful search strategies on informational tasks with known intent. They utilized the users' search queries triggered by a page to learn a model for estimating the search intents. Cheng  , Gao  , Liu proposed a method of predicting search intents based on a page read by a user 13. A second heuristic search strategy can be based on the TextRank graph. Graph-Driven Search. Figure 1presents a typical scenario where faceted search is useful with an expert search. BOSS API. Search sessions of the same searcher i.e. This period is defined as a search session. A search trail originates with the submission of a query to a search engine and contains all queries and post-query navigation trails 27. Every record included a search trail  , and a success label. To preserve the quality of results  , a distributed search engine must generate the same results as a centralized implementation. In a distributed search engine  , a search site indexes locally only a fraction of the documents. Exploratory search is defined as a class of search activities performed to learn or discover new information 16. The emergence of multi-tasking behavior within a single search session makes it particularly complex to use user information from search sessions to personalize the user's search activity. seek to complete multiple search tasks within a single search session 14  , 15  , 22   , while also taking multiple sessions to finish a single task at times. For each topic  , the subjects filled in a pre-search questionnaire to indicate their familiarity with the search topic  , conducted a time bounded search for resource pages related to that topic  , then filled in a post-search questionnaire that collected their opinion of the search experience and the perceived task completeness. This helped them get familiar with the interface. Interface features can facilitate search actions that help in completing a search task. Facilitate. sequences of actions a user performs with the search engine e.g. Search trails  , i.e. Each peer performed a search every 1–2 minutes. to analyze search performance. Google offers a course 1 on improving search efficiency. Search skills can be trained  , e.g. Compute a non-zero vector p k called the search direction. Compute the search direction. Groupization to improve search. For a survey of works on search behavior  , see 11. Some possible fields in a journal search request may be as in  'Identifier' Response. Journal Search. 28  proposed a personalized search framework to utilize folksonomy for personalized search. Xu et al. The first search is over the corpus of Web pages crawled by the search engine. Each query submitted to a commercial search engine results into two searches. 12 See http://code.google.com/apis/ajaxsearch/local.html  , last re- 4. For confident corrections  , the search engine can search the corrected query directly. The first corrects a query after it is submitted to the search engine. The first row indicates missing search types which default to a document search. The proportion of search types are presented in Table 5. sometimes a user prefers one search engine to another for some types of search tasks. User preference is another reason causing search engine switching  , e.g. Here we explore the opposite however  , optimality of interfaces given search behavior. These can be used to explore optimal search strategies given a search interface. Each time a search is performed   , the Search Module retrieves URIs of instances in the search results and stores them into a cache memory. a free-text search query  , Lucene searches its index to find all matched resources  , and given an advanced search query  , Sesame searches for instances from its ontology repository. Taken together  , these results indicate that users tend to explicitly change the default search type citations search and prefer to run a document type search. Once participants completed the practice task  , those with a task time limit were shown the instructions in Figure 1before being presented with their first search task. If the keyword query is empty  , then it is called " query-less. " He was most recently Founder and CEO of Powerset  , a semantic search startup Microsoft acquired in 2008. is currently Partner  , Search Strategist for Bing  , Microsoft's new search engine. Users begin a search for web services by entering keywords relevant to the search goal. To motivate similarity search for web services  , consider the following typical scenario. A search engine for semi-structured graph data providing keyword and structural search using NEXI-like expressions. Semi-structured Search Baseline No-schema  , NSA. This phase is called " search results narrowing " . In the first phase  , a traditional search is done before the classification program is called to analyze the search results. A reliable search method would achieve an acceptable search most of the time. An acceptable search would find most of the relevant documents with minimal wasted effort. ODP advanced search offers a rudimentary " personalized search " feature by restricting the search to the entries of just one of the 16 main categories. Recall that some of the baselines e.g. People search is one of the most popular types of online search. 5 Therefore  , understanding how people search for people is a critical issue in information retrieval. one search episode is unrelated to any subsequent search episodes. They also found that information retrieval systems generally are built according to a single search paradigm  , i.e. However  , the combined search yields a similar final behavior to keyword-based search. Under these conditions  , the semantic model alone performs much worse than keyword-based search. This view is a demonstration of relational search 8  , where the idea is not to search for objects but associative relation chains between objects. search. Another useful search option is offered by video OCR. Previous results may serve as a source of inspiration for new similarity search queries for refining search intentions. In a traditional search scenario  , a Web user submits a query describing his/her information need and a search engine returns a list of presumably relevant pages. The CWS system is different from traditional search engines conceptually. A search trail always begins with a query and ends when the information seeking activity stops. Search sessions contain unique user identifier and a sequence of records for search actions  , such as queries  , result clicks and search engine switching actions   , which were detected by a browser toolbar or by clicks on a link to open another search engine from the search engine results page. The dataset contains a subset of search logs of 30 days  , which are about 1.5 years old and do not contain sessions with queries that have commercial intent detected with Yandex proprietary query classifier. Using the same set of real user queries  , these search modes included: 1 a global search of the directory from the root node  , 2 a localized search of the relevant sub-directories using global idfs  , and 3 a localized search of the relevant sub-directories using the appropriate dynamically-calculated local idfs. To test the effectiveness of browse plus search functionality   , we designed and conducted a series of experiments on three search modes. Experience The main effect of the searchexperience attribute 1 if search  , 0 if experience shows a higher conversion rate for search products online at 0.003207. Search VS. Based on the model  , a semantic search service is implemented and evaluated. The model extends the search capabilities of existing methods and can answer more complex search requests. There is a task identifier 'ki' for known-item search  , and 'ex' for expert search  , no identifier for discussion search  , as these were the first runs submitted. This instrument contains 14-items describing different search-related activities. Subjects' search experience was measured using a modified version of the Search Self-Efficacy scale 9 . There are several rounds of user interactions in a search session. Such one click interface is used in recent image search engine like Google image search. Search queries are then accelerated by using that structure. Both interfaces are stateful  , as most implementations first create an appropriate search structure  , like for example a search tree. A business model for search engines in sponsored search has been discussed by B. Jansen in 17. As for sponsored search  , an overview is given in 15. Advertisers submit creatives and bid on keywords or search queries. Sponsored Search is the problem of finding candidate ads and ranking them for a search engine query. The second search engine http://www.flickr.com/search is a regular keyword search. Hence users may not be able to see all the photographs actually belonging to that cluster. Each keyword search has a unique search ID. The Java applet is started as soon as users click the " classification " button on their search result screen. Publication rights licensed to ACM. 16 showed that a distributed search can outperform a centralized search under certain conditions. However Powell et al. As a search strategy  , A* search enriched by ballooning has been proposed. An evolutionary improvement takes place. 4shows an example of a search for a particular kind of brooch using Boolean full-text search operators. Such a paradigm is common in search literature. Only repeated search at a point makes the uncertainty tend to zero. Next  , we examine whether Google Search personalizes results based on the search results that a user has clicked on. Search-Result-Click History. In contrast  , the search-dominant model captures the case when users' browsing patterns are completely influenced by search engines. They never use a search engine to discover pages. As expected  , the ASR and Search components perform speech recognition and search tasks. In this paper   , we describe a query parser between ASR and Search. After a user inputs " Kyoto " as the keyword for search  , Google returns the initial image search results. Figure 1shows an example of Google image search 1 . Federated text search provides a unified search interface for multiple search engines of distributed text information sources. Section 7 concludes and points out some future research work. Constructing an accurate domain-specific search engine is a hard problem. Our experiments also show that the chemical entity search engine outperforms general purpose search engines as expected. The structural framework of simulated need situa- tions 6 were used to present search tasks. Four search tasks were devised  , each simulating a search intent. Subjects' search experience was measured using a modified version of the Search Self-Efficacy scale 13 . Combinatorial block designs have been employed as a method for substituting search keys. Substituted search keys require less space than an encrypted search key. NN-search is a common way to implement similarity search. An online demonstration of the search capabilities of the system is available at http://simulant.ethz.ch/Chariot/. In addition  , it allows an incremental search. The repository structure includes a search engine  , which is used to search the contents of the repository. 2 SARM search engine. How many is counted by the docCount rela- tionship  , which relates a search set to a number  , an atomic concept below Number. A document record may be in many search sets  , and a search set may have many document records. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. In practice  , it is closer to a depth-first search with some backtracking than to a breadth-first search. When a user submits a query to a search engine through a Web browser  , the search engine returns search results corresponding to the query. Figure 1 shows an overview of our system. Definition: A labeled dataset is a collection of search goals associated with success labels. Definition: A search trail is an ordered sequence of actions performed by the user during a search goal. It is hoped that the combination of these features will allow the user to accomplish a search task more easily and also to leverage the serendipity involved in their search. In a nutshell  , ViGOR is designed to provide facilities for the organisation of a search task into groups to visualise a search task  , re-organisation of search results between groups  , and preservation of valuable search results. 5shows the search result of a product search with Preference SQL via a mobile WAP phone. for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. Thus solving the graph search problem in We performed a temporal search by submitting a temporal query to the news archive search engine http://www.newslibrary.com. time criteria. We also applied and evaluated advanced search options. The search engine can be activated in different modes applying three different search types  , namely  , Automatic Query Expansion auto  , Interactive Query Expansion semi  , and a regular search without query expansion none. The Document search task is to search for messages regarding to a topic. We participated in both the Document Search task and Expert Search Task at the Enterprise Track of Trec 2007. Most of the techniques to perform text search fall into two categories. Even the proximity of one search string found within a specified number of words to another search string increases the probability of correlation between the search strings. – Search engine : Apache Lucene is a free  , full-text search engine library. When users press the search button  , UC will search in the Lucene indexed documents  , not in the XML files or the database. 4 Experiments on the search results of a commercial search engine well validated its effectiveness. To our best knowledge  , this is the first work which considers the correlation between search queries and tags for search result re-ranking. Presumably  , had it known the search context or search workflow  , it could have provided more useful and focused information. A search engine can only estimate the user's intentions based on the search terms used and assuming " an average user " . Search Pad is automatically triggered at query time when a search mission is identified. As such  , Search Pad represents the ideal application for us to verify our claim that identifying and using search missions is valuable to users. A randomly chosen anonymous set of people doing search on the W3C website are presented with the W3C Semantic Search instead of the regular search results. This test is being done with W3C Semantic Search. At present  , we provide two search modes: quick search  , which takes free text queries  , and advanced search  , which takes more complex predicates. A major function of the web access module is search. Search engines are widely used tool for querying unstructured data  , but there is a growing interest in incorporating structured information behind the "simple" search interface. Connections is composed of two main parts: context building and search. Connec- tions3  is a local file search tool that departs from the traditional desktop search paradigm to incorporate these contextual relationships in search results. The terms identified are then ANDed to the previous search query to narrow the search. When many records are retrieved in a search more than 40  , formula 2 is used to identify the terms to use for reformulating the search. Most of these present a feed search service in conjunction with blog post searching and some are closely integrated with feed reading services. Several commercial blog search engines exist blogsearch.google.com  , search.live.com/feeds  , bloglines.com/search  , technorati.com/search. Another search paradigm for the LOD is faceted search/browsing systems  , which provide facets categories for interactive search and browsing 4 . There is a need to investigate search problems on WoD. All queries within a search session were assigned the same classification. search facility  , a library search engine or a newswire retrieval system. ACM 978-1-59593-597-7/07/0007. But performance is a problem if dimensionality is high. For the third type  , a painted sketch is drawn to represent the shapes of objects in the desired images  , for example  , an online similar image search engine  , similar image search 2   , presents such a technique. As an application of the second type  , an example image is selected among the search results from textual keywords  , and then the results are reranked  , and such search functions are released in " show similar images " from Microsoft Bing image search  , and " similar image search " from Google image search. Then an agent will search through all available journals and conferences i.e. For pro-active search  , the user can explicitly specify a depth search criterion  , like the name of a known author  , a topic of interest or a temporal range. extending keyword search with a creation or update date of documents. Time-dependent synonyms will be used for a temporal search  , or a search taking into account a temporal dimension  , i.e. For example  , Croft and Harper 1979 showed that a cluster search can retrieve relevant documents in many cases when a search based on a probabilistic model fails. A number of studies have indicated the potential usefulness of alternative search strategies. A search session is a sequence of user activities that begin with a query  , includes subsequent queries and URL visits  , and ends with a period of inactivity. We now compare SI-Backward search with the MI- Backward search on a larger workload of 200 queries consisting of 2-7 keywords. Table 5 showed SI-Backward search significantly outperforms MI-Backward search on the sample queries. For example  , when students conducted a search  , the system log included information about the time when the search is conducted  , the search terms used  , the search hits found  , and the collection that was searched. Second  , students' online activities were logged. Our search guide tool displays the search trails from three users who completed the same task. We study user interaction with a search assistance tool we refer to as the search guide SG. The subweb definition corresponding to the search topic is used to rerank the search results obtained from a search engine. Alternatively  , the topic of the query may be implicity inferred from the search entry point. Search sessions comprised queries  , clicks on search results  , and pages visited during navigation once users left the search engine. these logs  , we extracted search sessions on Google  , Yahoo! , and Bing via a similar methodology to White and Drucker 22 .  A federated search function was added to allow users search for appropriate objects in more LORs like Merlot  , SMETE and EdNa. Users can refine their search terms provided at the advanced search functions. By examining the queries with type document search we found that the average length of a query is 3.85 terms. Equally popular was advanced search where it was found that 38% of the document search used the advanced search box. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. As a special case  , when no semantic information is available  , C-Search reduces to syntactic search  , i.e. , results produced by C-Search and syntactic search are the same. In addition to the query-term most collections permit the specification of search concepts to limit the search to a certain concept. Search interfaces of specialized Web-Collections offer individual search options to facilitate access to their documents. In quick search  , users key in search terms in a textbox  , whereas in advanced search they may limit the search also by the type of literature fiction – non-fiction  , author  , title  , keywords  , or other bibliographic information. Searching starts with querying. Standard text search features are also available  , such as scoring and ranking of search results as well as thesaurus-based synonym search. Text search in specific parts of the documents is a critical feature for many applications. After reading the returned search results  , the searcher might realize his inappropriate choices  , correct them  , and redo the search. 3 When the searcher could not find desired search results in a single pass  , he usually resorted to iterative search. For finding meta-index entries that contain terms of interest to the user  , the Search Meta-Index page provides a search engine that allows users to drill down on search results through three views. Search Meta-Index. After every search iteration  , we decide the actions for the search engine agent. For all a ∈ Ase  , we write the search engine's Q-function  , which represents the search engine agent's long term reward  , as: We distributed GOV2 across four leaf search engines and used an aggregate engine to combine search results. In our previous work 2  , we presented a search engine architecture for an efficient Terabyte search engine. Instead of displaying the photographs on the map  , Flickr lists them sequentially across multiple search results pages see Fig. This was so we could examine the effects across different search tasks. The search tasks they were asked to carry out were: a simple and complex known-item search tasks  , and an exploratory search task. Unlike classical search methods  , personalised search systems use personal data about a user to tailor search results to the specific user. Recently  , search personalisation has attracted increasing attention 1  , 3  , 5  , 8  , 9. On the one hand  , such pattern restriction is not unique in entity search. As a remark  , we contrast our usage of patterns in entity search with its counterparts in document search e.g  , current search engines . Since most of the resources search engines generally search local content  , we use this API for each test query along with the search site option. This API provides a " search site " option. A step in the direction of understanding the search context is the new " Yahoo Mindset " experimental search service 10 . When a category is selected from the category search view  , the concept search is restricted to the concepts belonging to the selected category. To support category-based concept search in the ONKI SKOS Browser  , another search field is provided. The results were substantially better than either search engine provided no " search engine " performed really poorly. The model of score distributions was used to combine the results from different search engines to produce a meta-search engine. Search sessions ended after a period of user inactivity exceeding 30 minutes. Since they do not intervene in the workings of the search engine  , they can be applied to any search engine. they is not limited to a specific search engine or search method. It has some similarity with traditional text search  , but it also has some features that are different from normal text search. Microblog search is a special kind of text search. Some of the most important features of the system include:  Three levels of search Users can select from basic search  , advanced search  , or expert search mode. The system contains a superset of the documents used in the Legal track. spelling corrections  , related searches  , etc. Page views included query submission  , search result clicks  , navigation beyond the search results page originating from clicks on links in a search result  , and clicks on other search engine features e.g. The final Point Of Interest was obtained by searching the individual ID that was the searched Point Of Interest with the spatial search to the RDF triple Step 5. A more direct indicator of user interest is search terms entered into search engines or the search fields of other websites . Although this simple method cannot detect all search fields some custom search fields use POST to submit terms  , all major search engines are supported. For example  , a UI search pattern is composed of a text field for entering search criteria  , a submit button for triggering the search functionality  , and a table for displaying the search results. A UI design pattern describes a single unit of functionality delivered through a group of UI widgets 3. Ultimately  , interaction with search interface features can transform and facilitate search actions that enable search tasks to be addressed. Also  , as a result of the rich support on the Search Friend II interface  , these higher-level search activities were also exhibited on the known-item search tasks. The main idea is to keep the same machinery which has made syntactic search so successful  , but to modify it so that  , whenever possible  , syntactic search is substituted by semantic search  , thus improving the system performance. In this paper we propose a novel approach called Concept Search C-Search in short which extends syntactic search with semantics. Our work spans several areas of modeling searcher behavior  , including analyzing search log to understand variances in user behavior  , evaluating search engine performance  , conducting online study using crowd-sourcing approach  , and predicting search success and frustration. While these metrics provide a good estimate of the quality of the search results  , and in turn have been shown to correspond to search effectiveness of users  , these do not take into account the search success of a specific user for a session. Aggregated search can be compared to federated search 18 also known as distributed information retrieval  , which deals with merging result rankings from different search engines into one single ranking list. Aggregated and Federated Search Aggregated search is the task of searching and assembling information from a variety of resources or verticals and placing it into a single interface 4  , 24 . i demographics and expertise ii search tasks iii search functionality and iv open ended questions on search system requirements. It would appear that patent searchers prefer search functionality which provides a high degree of control and precision for accomplishing their search tasks  , and they are willing to spend a lot of time and effort in constructing requests and examining documents. While Broder treated search intents as relatively short-term activities 10  , Marchionini's classification included long-term search activities such as learn and investigate  , and he argued that exploratory searches were searches pertinent to the learn and investigate search activi- ties. Marchionini proposed a boarder classification schema for search intents  , and introduced a concept of exploratory search 26. In comparison  , our work focuses specifically on task-oriented search  , and ignores other types of search such as browsing different attributes of an object  , which allows us to take the advantage of existing procedural knowledge to more reliably support search tasks when compared to the use of general search logs. 20  , 21 studied the complex search task  , a search behavior that is usually applied to task-oriented search  , using search queries. To help image search  , query formulation is required not only to be convenient and effective to indicate the search goal clearly  , but also to be easily interpreted and exploited for the image search engine. Image search engines often present a query interface to allow users to submit a query in some forms  , e.g. , textual input  , or visual input  , to indicate the search goal. Typically sponsored search results resemble search result snippets in that they have a title  , and a small amount of additional text  , as in Figure 1. Sponsored search is the task of placing ads that relate to the user's query on the same page as the search results returned by the search engine. The simple search resembles a Google-type search  , and is designed to provide an easy entry into the service. Users of MusicAustralia can search at two different levels: a simple search across all creator  , title  , subject and date fields  , and an advanced search of specific fields. For the CI4OOI collection Figure 5b the bottom-up search does significantly better than the serial search at the low E end of performance. However the bottom-up search does perform at least as well as the serial search  , which is a very good result for a clustered search. There was a strong positive correlation between the termconsistency and the proportion of descriptors among search terms rs = 0.598; p = 0.0009. There was a strong negative correlation between the intersearcher term-consistency and the number of search terms per search request rs = -0.663; p = 0.0002 and also between the term-consistency and the number of search terms per search concept rs = -0.728; p = 0.0001. The search procedure performs beam search using classification accuracy of the N k as a heuristic function . CN2 consists of two main procedures: the search procedure that performs beam search in order to find a single rule and the control procedure that repeatedly executes the search. There exists rich research on search in social media community   , such as friend suggestion user search  , image tagging tag search and personalized image search image search. Our work in this paper contributes by studying not only holistically exploring interaction or consensus among all the entities  , but also integrating all the social media search applications in a unified framework. Each subtask consists of a frequent itemset and a combine set  , and the associated search space is traversed in depth-first order using a back-tracking search. The entire search task is broken down into independent subtasks using equivalence classes. Different from traditional text search whose document length is in a wide range  , a tweet contains at most 140 characters. SECC provides a socialized search function by implementing a userfriendly online chat interface for users who share similar search queries. In this ar-ticle  , we present a novel demo Search Engine with dynamically established live Chat Channels SECC. Because a vertical selection system and its target verticals are operated by a common entity e.g. , search engine company  , we assume access to vertical querylogs . Second  , some verticals have a search interface through which users directly search for vertical content. The search node is dis-played as a textbox for full text search. The only difference is that the user has the option of creating a text search within a particular node. We assume a " pay-per-click " pricing model  , in which the advertiser pays a fee to the search provider whenever a user clicks on an advertisement. In sponsored search  , a user makes a query for certain keywords in a search engine and is presented with a list of relevant advertisements in addition to organic search results. We plot the distribution of search ranking among sites in Figure 3c. Search Page Rankings: The search result ranking of a site represents a site's popularity  , as captured by a multitude of factors including page rank and query relevance. This system provides a dynamic and automated faceted search interface for users to browse the articles that are the result of a keyword search query. In this paper we proposed Facetedpedia  , a faceted search system over Wikipedia. Recommendation pages include various lists of books and recommendations with links. Users enter substantially fewer queries during a search session when they are more familiar with a topic. Users of search systems in the biomedical domain differ in their searching behavior depending on their prior familiarity with a search topic. The searching contains -a subject oriented browsing -a search for authors  , titles and other relevant bibliographic information -a subject oriented search in different information resources. The user has one single entry point to start of his information search. We can estimate a grouping's search accuracy through simulation using training data. Since a better feature grouping should yield higher search accuracy  , we define the fitness function of a feature grouping as its search accuracy. Condition 2 Search time ratio: The time of search within each consequent search disc is greater than the time of search within the previous search disc. Consequently  , a fast robot might finish covering the next search disc before the slow robot finished searching in the previous disc  , thus  , for H-MRSTM  , condition 1 does not suffice  , and the following condition complements it. To generate these search results  , the queries were submitted and logged through our proxy server  , which then retrieved and logged the search engine responses and displayed them to the user in the original format. Search tasks formed reflect the following typical search tactics in fiction searching: known author/title search  , topical search  , open-ended browsing  , search by analogy and searching without conducting a query. The remaining three search tasks reflect the idea of individual information needs as the participants were asked to proceed according to their personal preferences. We emphasize that a pre-search context  , by definition  , is just prior to the search but does not necessarily trigger it. It is clear that pre-search context is very different from user search history or search session context  , which are explored by many previous studies for understanding search intent. After each search task  , our participants were asked to complete a questionnaire eliciting their perceptions on how useful  , helpful and important the search features were during the search task. This means despite the fact that some search features were perceived as more or less useful for certain search tasks  , this trend was not apparent for all search tasks. What this means is that though we could not find a relationship between specific search features and specific search tasks  , there was an increase in the number of search support features used as the search task became more complex and exploratory. But  , there were significant differences in the total usage of search interface features for each search task total: F 3 ,23 = 4.334  , p = .049. In a related result  , Croft 1980 showed that a certain type of cluster search can be more effective than a conventional search when the user wants high-precision results. A crucial aspect of faceted search is the design of a user interface  , which offers these capabilities in an intuitive way. Faceted Search or Faceted Browsing is increasingly used in search applications  , and many websites already feature some sort of faceted search to improve the precision of their website search results. However  , these approaches usually consider each user's search history as a whole  , without analysing it into its inherent search behaviors. To the best of our knowledge  , the majority of previous works aim either at building a search model per user or at building common search models for users with similar search interests. The search engine then returns an initial list of documents obtained using the classical keyword based search method. Similar to that of a traditional search engine  , a user submits a query consisting of keywords to the system. Clearly  , sponsored search is useful for search engines since it is a source of revenue for them. Under the pay-per-click mechanism  , search engines get paid every time a user clicks on a displayed ad. In the case of a physician  , the search is performed on technical article collections  , which include medical research publications. During search  , our distributed search component accesses different databases depending on whether the user is a lay person or a physician. By subdividing the costs for each alternative into history and future costs  , A* search is able to compare the possibly unfinished plans with each other.   , along with predictive text and auto-complete capabilities. A feature many felt was lacking was a " smart search technology that can predict a user's intended search query when he misspells something  , like the Google search engine's 'Did you mean ? " Moreover  , MindFinder also enables users to tag during the interactive search  , which makes it possible to bridge the semantic gap. By contrast with the RI and CSTR digital libraries  , CSBIB documents are primarily bibliographic records  , rather than full text documents. The CSTR has two search options: the simple search a ranked search  , and the advanced search offering a choice between ranked or Boolean  , stemming on/off  , specifying proximity of search terms within the documents  , etc. For the NSDL Science Literacy Maps  , search was defined as any instance of exploration within a map before a node was clicked to view relevant results. For the Google and NSDL General Search interfaces  , participants' online behaviors were defined as search whenever the search interface screen was displayed; in these interfaces  , search mainly consisted of keyword generation and submission. Several meta-search engines exist e.g. , metacrawler 3 and many W eb users build their own meta-search engines. Meta-search is the problem of constructing a meta-search engine  , which u s e s the results of several search engines to produce a collated answer. 6 A similar threshold has been used to demarcate search sessions in previous work on search engine switching 16 and in related studies of user search behavior 20 ,26. From these logs  , we extracted search sessions that began with a query to Google  , Yahoo! , or Live Search and terminated after 30 minutes of browsing inactivity. We have found that the context-based search effectively ranks query outputs  , controls topic diffusion  , and reduces output sizes 1  , 2. For a keyword-based search  , at search time  , a contexts of interest are selected  , and only papers in the selected contexts are involved in the search  , and b search results are ranked separately within contexts. A small number of " search " operations were formulated using more than one search terms combined by Boolean operators 18.49% of which a tiny portion 0.1% were also formulated reusing previously issued result sets. The evaluation of the " search " operation usage and formulation showed that the majority 81.51% of the logged search operations were formulated using only one search term. Their system is a type of meta-search engine and requires users to explicitly select a community before search activities are conducted. In 3   , the authors also developed a collaborative search system named I-SPY. The server sub-session parse the query string into a script consisting of a set of SQL statements and content-based search operators. A query usually involve both meta-data search and image content search. An example of a search criteria and the search polices are as follows by a consumer to the trading system: A detailed list of consumer search and match preferences is given in 7. The 'identifier' request results in a single  , full zetoc record. Search Concept is not fully modelled here  , in addition to Term and Author  , it has conjunctions  , dis- junctions  , and negations as subcortcepts. A search set also has a serial number and a search expression. Single query searches have a " look-up " character. Any search session that cannot be categorized as either a re-finding or an exploratory search session is defined as a single query search for the purpose of this study. Searches use token adjacency indexes to find sequences of tokens a phrase search instead of just a word search. Essie is a concept-based search engine for structured biomedical text. It is a public web statistics  , based on Google Search  , that shows how often a particular search term is entered relative to the total search-volume. 1 Google Trends 2 is a similar resource we can resort to. Both start with a zero recall search " helicopter volitation spare parts cheap " . Top PZR search trail is done by a novice user whereas the lower PZR search trail is done by a power user. Search by location: A search by location identifies a place and for that place all available time periods events for that location. A search by location could be limited specified by time and category time period type classification. On the contrary a negative search model will produce a subset of answers. -the search on signatures is not exact due to the collision problem  , so we obtain a superset of answers for disjunctive or conjunctive search models. We prepare the experimental data from a search log of a major commercial search engine. For each example  , a judge is asked to infer the user's search intent based on qt as well as the context c. Then , The entire search log is collected and stored by a single entity  , such as a search engine company. All current search log mining and anonymization models we know of are based on a centralized approach. After a period of usage  , the server side will accumulate a collection of clickthrough data  , which records the search history of Web users. Consider the typical search scenario: a user submits a query to a search engine  , the search engine returns a list of ranked Web pages  , then the user clicks on the pages of interest. A mission is terminated when the query of a new search does not share any words with the previous ones. The two essential parts are summarized in Figure 3. This hierarchical search strategy is enhanced by using a boolean query combination of a query from the hierarchy  , a keyword search  , a title search and a search with a term based on the case topic type. We hypothesized that if users could first browse to a potentially relevant sub-node in a large directory   , results from a search in the sub-directory would be more precise than results from a search in the entire directory . Others discuss how different forms of context and search activity may be used to cast search behavior as a prediction problem 5  represented search context within a session by modeling the sequence of user queries and clicks. Recent investigations that employ a user's search and browse actions to influence search personalization include those based on: a user's location 1  , a user's history of search activity 25  , the ability of a user to read at differing levels of complexity 8 and patterns of re-finding the same search result 31. A keyword query can be submitted to a search engine through many applications communicating with the search engine. To perform a search  , a keyword query is often submitted to a search engine and the latter returns the documents most relevant to the query. In doing a search  , a user accomplishes a variety of specific tasks: defining the topic of the search  , selecting appropriate search vocabulary  , issuing commands or selecting menu choices  , viewing retrieved information and making judgments about its relevance or usefulness. It seems a reasonable assumption that the influence of perceptual speed on search performance occurs primarily in a small number of tasks. Trails must contain pages that are either: search result pages  , search engine homepages  , or pages connected to a search result page via a sequence of clicked hyperlinks. After originating with a query submission to a search engine  , trails proceed until a point of termination where it is assumed that the user has completed their information-seeking activity. A search within this structure is faster than a naive search as long as the number of examined nodes is bounded using a fast approximate search procedure. A standard approach to optimize search and query in the vocabulary is to maintain a tree-based data structure 17– 19. In this scenario  , teleportation is also generally performed via visits to a search engine and a user is more likely to " teleport " to a related or similar page instead of a random page in a search session. Then  , if the search task did not end  , it is followed by another possibly related/refined query to the search engine. The aforementioned three types of image search schemes all suffer from a limitation that it is incapable of search images with spatial requirements of desired objects. We propose a novel image search interface to enable users to intuitively input a concept map by typing textual concepts in a blank canvas to formulate the search goal. Each UI screen or webpage implements several UI design patterns. Immediately below the text search box  , is a search history pull down menu  , which gives a list of the text queries previously executed by the user. The search box and button  , allowing the user to enter a textual query and start a search 3. Since the path down the tree is controlled by the nodes that are popped from the heap  , the search is neither a true depth.first nor a true breadth·first search of the hierarchy. The cooccurrence of system acceptable search words produces an overlapping or part identity of the extensions of these search words. Somewhat oversimplified  , by the "extension of a search word" with regard to a file is meant the list of documents or specified document parts in which a system acceptable search word a freetext word or descriptor occurs or has been applied. For both tasks  , we use browsing-search pairs to evaluate . We evaluate our model in two search tasks to demonstrate its effectiveness for search intent prediction: 1 query prediction aims to predict what a user is going to search i.e. , her query with the awareness of the pre-search context i.e. , after browsing a webpage; 2 query auto-completion aims to suggest queries after a user browses a webpage and enters several prefix characters of a new query. Because most search engines only index a certain portion of each website  , the recall rate of these searches is very low  , and sometimes even no documents are returned. Among the popular commercial search engines  , only a few offer the search option to limit a search session to a specified website. Alternatively  , we also propose a method that optimizes the naive search when the feature descriptors are normalized. The work is motivated jointly by a need to have search logs available to researchers outside of large search companies and a need to instill trust in the users that provide search data. We presented a novel framework for collecting  , storing  , and mining search logs in a distributed  , private  , and anonymous manner called CrowdLogging. We formulate the search for a grasp as a sensor-space search over the object surface  , rather than a search through the robot configuration space or its coordinate system. The grasp synthesis procedure can be viewed as a search procedure ll. This tool enables interactive narrowing of search result sets. A recent example where a major search engine started to incorporate query refinement in its search application is AltaVista's Prisma TM tool 1. Some of the search engines such as AltaVista 12  allow limiting the search to a specific category. The a priori assignment of search engines to domains is performed offline. When possible  , the local proxy is equipped with a large local store which the client can locally search. The local proxy redirects the user to the expanded search interface when a search engine is requested. There are also approaches that cluster search results 1 which can help users dive into a topic. A step in the direction of exploratory search is query suggestion where the search engine recommends related queries. Given a document corpus  , a traditional search query would " simply " return all documents relevant to the search terms. Our particular interest in this paper is on event-centric search and exploration tasks. The emergence of the web as the world's dominant information environment has created a surge of interest in search  , and consequently important advances in search technology. The proliferation of information available on the web makes search a critical application. A post-search questionnaire was filled out after the search  , and an exit interview after the experiment was conducted. An entry questionnaire and a pre-search questionnaire were administered before the experiment. In general  , the most frequently chosen option was subject search  , followed by keyword search using index term one word only. These subjects were asked to perform a search for documents within a subject area of their own choosing. Several recent studies have suggested that using a better search system may not always lead to improvements in search outcomes. Subjects provided demographic information and information about prior search experience and attitudes in a preexperiment questionnaire. Therefore  , the learned estimator is not limited to a specific search engine or a search method. This can be done by submitting each sub-query independently to the search engine. As defined by prior research  , selective search has several non-deterministic steps. A selective search architecture reduces search costs by organizing a large corpus into topical index shards and searching only the most likely shards for each query. Hiding these vertical results from view until the searcher is ready to use them might lead to a better search experience. Here a search for information retrieval experts can be refined to only show experts located in Glasgow  , with further refinement possible. Random search techniques  , on the other hand  , are probabilistically complete but may take a long time to find a solution 12 . Enumerative search techniques are very inefficient as the search space becomes too large to explore. We may implement more advanced search capabilities in the future – for example  , limiting a search to a particular index  , such as sample records or setDescriptions. Right-hand truncation of search terms is also enabled by default. The search box remains unchanged from other systems at this point. The second column  , the Search section  , contains three sub sections: one devoted to entering a query  , one to displaying results and a third to displaying history of search activities. These are then returned as a list of resources that best matches the users' queries. In a classic search engine  , the users enter their search terms and then request the system to search for matching results. It incorporates keyword search as well as search for concepts and displays possible MWE expansions. As a demonstrator for contextualized corpora  , we have created a semantic search demo based on Apache Solr and PHP. Semantics-based approaches  , in general  , allow to reach a higher precision but lower recall 11. F ocus is an ambiguous search term on YouTube and does not commonly relate to the artist Focus. – Example Search Terms: " Focus " – Description: A user wants to search YouTube for videos relating to a specific music artist. However  , the search term M etallica returns many unrelated results 7 . – Example Search Terms: " Metallica " – Description: A user wants to search Flickr for images relating to a specific music artist. Modern search engines log a large number of user behavioral signals to improve and evaluate their effectiveness. Dupret and Lalmas 17 use times between search engine visits to compare two versions of a search engine. A major advantage of document navigation in virtual documents is the ability to search for text in the contents of the document. To construct a valid execution for debugging  , search-based techniques usually use the best-effort exhaustive state space search. Search-based techniques emphasize reduced record cost  , thereby their recorded information is typically incomplete for a faithful replay. Figure 2illustrates how the user reranks search results in the publication search result according to the number of citing counts. Similarly  , a user can sort search results according to a selected numerical attribute. However  , because of using a single iterator as above  , Bidirectional search does not generate multiple trees with the same root ,unlike Backward search. Using a single iterator reduces the cost of search significantly. Twenty links were the result of a search for ethnomathematics with the National Science Digital Library search engine  , and twenty were the results of a search with Google. All subjects were presented with the same 40 links. These criteria are: The middle part of the screen displays the search result. First we have a search bar where the user can specify a set of search criteria. In a Recursive search  , on the other hand  , clients delegate control to other servers-this is illustrated in Fig- ure 4. In an Iterative search  , a client keeps control of the entire search. Both the search engine and the crawler were not built specifically for this application. Currently  , the search engine-crawler symbiosis is implemented using a search engine called Rosetta 5 ,4 and a Naive Best-First crawler 14 ,15. This paper presents a novel session search framework  , winwin search  , that uses a dual-agent stochastic game to model the interactions between user and search engine. The experiments on TREC The data was provided via a widely available mobile search and navigation application installed on the iPhone and Android platforms. We collected datasets of location and search activities of users with consent via logs of a major mobile search provider. This definition reflects the hidden nature of triggering relations between pre-search context and searches in a realworld setting. The free search was performed by search experts only librarians and professors. The methodology for gathering the criteria uses two instruments  , a free search based on some example tasks and a questionnaire. A search concept was defined as a unit of information that represents an elementary class e.g. Thus different truncations of the same search term were also considered different search terms. This user interface can be extended to implement more elaborate search commands. Since this is a very simplified example  , the search term given is used for a full text search in the whole OPAC database. A search set is the set of document records found at evaluation of a search expression. The equivalent of the entity-relationship diagram in figureshows the relationship of document records to search sets. However for narrower tasks  , a conventional tabbed search interface would appear to be better. The initial results presented here suggest that a faceted search interface can improve the degree of exploration in broad search tasks. The performance conditions are shown in For each search result viewed  , subjects were asked two questions: The product of a search task can be factual or intellectual and the goal of a search task can be either specific or amorphous. 2 investigate two facets of search tasks: product and goal. Pincer- Search 4 uses a bottom-up search along with top-down pruning. Max-Miner 2 uses a heuristic bottom-up search to identify frequent patterns as early as possible. 3  , we show how a combination of text-search followed by visual-search achieves this goal. In Fig. Knowledge of a particular user's interests and search context has been used to improve search. Interest Modelling. 14 is a non-trivial task because it needs to search over all possible ranking combinations . Stack Search Maximizing Eq. The existing Cranfield style evaluation 11 is less appropriate in local search. Evaluating local search is a challenging problem. We have implemented a shape search engine that uses autotagging . Figure 4shows the user interface of our search engine. as in Table 1  , represent a broader  , less structured category of search behavior. However  , intrinsically diverse search sessions  , e.g. The cost function used during this search uses the following factors: 1. A' search is used to generate these paths. Hence  , each expert's pseudo-document is indexed by a search engine for efficient querying and access. search functionality. It requires formulation of the search in the space of relational database queries. Relational feature generation is a search problem. A depthfirst search strategy has two major advantages. However  , a pipelined execution of a query can be obtained by a depth-first search traversal of the DBGraph. The integrated search is achieved by generating integrated indices for Web and TV content based on vector space model and by computing similarity between the query and all the content described by the indices. In this paper  , as a first step towards developing such nextgeneration search engine  , a prototype search system for Web and TV programs is developed that performs integrated search of those content  , and that allows chain search where related content can be accessed from each search result. For each static search session  , whole-session level relevance judgments are provided in the datasets: annotators judged documents regarding whether or not they are relevant to the topic or task underlying the search session instead of an individual query. Question 4 presented a mimic search box and asked the subject to input an appropriate query into the search box to find documents relevant to the search intent presented in Question 3. Having presented the positive and negative document sets  , we asked him/her Question 3 to obtain a verbalized search intent so that we would know how the subject perceived the search intent conveyed by examples  , which was used to validate to what extent the subject could clearly understand the search intent. The CSTR search interface is based solely on keyword searching; no bibliographic records are provided by the sites from which the documents are harvested  , and  , unlike the RI system  , CSTR does not parse documents to automatically extract bibliographic details. C-Search can be positioned anywhere in the semantic continuum with syntactic search being its base case  , and semantic search being the optimal solution  , at the moment beyond the available technology. The three-dimensional space contained in the cube see Figure 2 represents the semantic continuum where the origin 0 ,0 ,0 is a purely syntactic search  , the point with coordinates 1 ,1 ,1 is a fully semantic search  , and all points in between represent search approaches in which semantics is enabled to different extents. The search space is all possible poses within The " center-of-mass " search designated in this paper as C similarly divides the search space into pose cells  , but picks a random pose within each pose cell and uses those random poses to compute a set of match scores that are distributed throughout the search space. In order to describe the search routines  , it is useful to first describe the search space in which they work. For the brand related searches  , we identified the most salient brand associated with each advertisement and define a brand search either target or control as a search that includes the brand name. Finally  , there is growing concern about the fact that the world is dependent on a few quasi-monopolistic search engines. Third  , a distributed P2P search system is more robust than a centralized search system as the failure of a single server is unlikely to paralyze the entire search system. However  , local search may also return other entity types including sights and " points-of-interest " . As a result  , a local search produces a ranked list of entities from a local search business database; for ease of notation  , we will refer to these entities as businesses in the following  , as these are the most common form of local search results. 1 Sponsored search refers to the practice of displaying ads alongside search results whenever a user issues a query. Online advertising spend exceeded $100 billion for the first time in 2012  , with a significant fraction going to advertising on search engines  , a segment known as sponsored search. some users ask navigational query in the current search engine to open a new one. For some search sessions  , the fact of switching can be easily detected  , for instance via a web browser maintained by a search engine  , a browser toolbar or search logs e.g. Search for information online through general or dedicated search engines becomes a part of our daily life. Caching search results enables a search solution to reduce costs by reusing the search effort. Indeed  , it has been widely reported that queries have a zipfian distribution and individual queries are temporally clustered 29. When applying a table search query  , end-users will receive a flood of unwanted and sometimes unsolicited results from them. However  , current search engines do not support the table search. From there  , Safe Browsing shows a browser interstitial and emails WHOIS admins  , while both Safe Browsing and Search Quality flag URLs in Google Search with a warning message . Safe Browsing and Search Quality each detect and flag hijacked websites . For instance  , in federated search the same query is issued on multiple search engines and the results merged using a utility function 35. Search rankings can come from a number of sources. Hummingbird SearchServer 1 is a toolkit for developing enterprise search and retrieval applications. a known-item search task  , or find key resource pages for broad topics  , and terabyte retrieval ad hoc search on terabyte scales. Therefore  , we used a distributed search framework in order to simulate a single search index. However   , our search engine Juru  , at the time of experimentation  , was not able to index the entire collection into one single index in reasonable time. After a search was done  , the documents found were labeled with the tag of the corresponding search used. Within a project  , searchers were allowed to create tags to label different search methods. To answer this question  , we compare users' search behavior in the initial query of a session with that in subsequent query reformulations. How do search behaviors of users change in a search session ? When a user starts a search task  , the search engine receives the input queries and return search results by HTTP request. All modules and related technical information are illustrated in Figure 5. The engine returns a search result list. In the first step  , the original search query text is submitted to a search engine API and request for N returned documents. Alternatively  , search results from a generic search engine can also be used  , where similarity between retrieved pages can be measured instead. A pairwise feature between two queries could be the similarity of their search results. Search trails are represented as temporally-ordered URL sequences. Trails start with a search engine query which also includes the SERP followed by a click on one of the search engine results trail origin. Identifying user intent 1 behind search queries plays a crucial role in providing a better search experience 16  , 29  , 28. Experimental timing results show that the method can be incorporated into existing search engine technology 8  , 5. Knowledge of user search patterns on a search system can be used to improve search performance. We analyze a multi-million P2P query log and highlight the differences between it and Web query logs. Since our ranking models use context features  , we extract the search sessions with more than one query. Each search record contains the user query  , a transaction time stamp  , a session identifier and URLs visited by the user. The search log data used in our experiments are obtained from the Intranet search engines of Essex and OU . However  , this comes at the cost of more expensive memory accesses. The larger threshold on states generated within each local weighted A* search allows for the search to search longer before a state is deemed as an AVOID state. Egomath is a text-based math search engine on Wikipedia. Wikipedia Search is a search engine built in Wikipedia  , and it can be used to locate content on Wikipedia based on plain text retrieval techniques. We do this in an automatic way by detecting named entities that can represent temporal queries for performing temporal search experiments. To perform a temporal search  , we must identify temporal queries used for a search task. After completing queries  , participants reported their familiarity with each search topic on a 5-point Likert scale. For each item participants were given a brief summary and asked to provide up to five search queries to search for similar items. Development of a universal chemical search engine  , that could search by both text and substructures  , is a challenging problem. According to rough estimates Deep Web is much larger than the web content  , indexed by search engines.  A Fact Base which stores the intermediate search results and information needed to select the next search strategy. It has the following components:  A Knowledge Base of search strategies in the form of rules specified in JESS script. It utilizes a heuristic to focus the search towards the most promising areas of the search space. A* search is one of the most popular methods for this problem 1. From the desktop to the internet  , through enterprise intranets  , the search " giants " are engaged in a fight for control of the search infrastructure. Search is ubiquitous and is considered a fundamental feature of any computing platform. This was due to problems with the data  , especially the lack of exhaustive relevance judgements. This creates a noisy behavioral signal  , and importantly  , a challenge for analyzing search behavior  , especially long-term behavior that has utility in many applications  , such as search personalization 37. Different people may use the shared machine at different times  , but to a remote observer all activity is associated with a single identifier  , and people's search behaviors will be intertwined in search logs. Correspondingly  , a looser classification threshold increases search efficiency with the possibility of hurting search accuracy. In theory  , a tighter classification threshold causes more queries to be issued as uncharacteristic queries with a large search radius  , which results in lower search efficiency but can reach a higher percentage of the hubs. In this paper  , we propose a novel image search system  , which presents a novel interface to enable users to intuitively indicate the search goal by formulating the query in a visual manner  , i.e. , explicitly indicating where the concepts should appear. Selecting a good example image that exactly accords with the search intention does not improve the search results significantly. More formally  , if S is a random variable representing a search  , and acceptables is an indicator function denoting whether a particular search s has an acceptable result  , we define: A reliable search method would achieve an acceptable search most of the time. A site owner or search engine might collect data similar to the example in Figure 1. movie search. Search engines that provide facilities to search pictures e.g. Keywords have become a serious constraint in searching non-textual media. It uses Indri as the back-end search engine. We built a very simple web-based interactive search system. We build the search system on top of a proprietary platform for vertical search developed in Yahoo!. Setup. Add items to the search engine indices. Search Retrieve a list of items that match the supplied query. Cost of Search: What does an average search query cost and what does a response contain ? These results indicate that a great deal of bandwidth can be saved depending on user search preferences. Precision evaluates a search system based on how relevant the documents highly ranked by the search system are to the query. Recall evaluates a search system based on how highly it ranks the documents that corresponds to ground truth. It provides a basic search grammar  , which can be used for searching  , but a server could also support other grammars as the mechanism is extensible. The WebDAV Search protocol introduces the SEARCH request enabling server-side searching. Figure 2shows two types of search achieved by the proposed method. Search quality is measured by recall. In order to straighten the optimization  , the proposed A' search strategy is enhanced by the subsequently described ballooning com- ponent. Then  , the A' search could possibly degenerate to an almost exhaustive search which leads to unacceptable optimization times. Since KOALA users could not limit their search on video cassettes nor multilingual versions  , they had to check each search result manually see Fig. The task demanded the users to search for a film  , available on a multilingual video cassette. The search results are listed below the search field and are dynamically visualized on the map. In case the user is searching for a particular place  , a tab for federated text search with autocompletion b is also provided. A personalized hybrid search implementing a hotel search service as use case is presented in 24. Additionally  , an user study reveals the acceptance of the Hybrid Search paradigm by end users. The natural complement  , still under the user-centric view  , are unfamiliar places. We call a search in such environments F-search  , and argue that these environments result in a distinct set of information needs and search patterns. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. In Section 2  , we model the search space  , which describes the query optimization problem and the associated cost model. For example  , one searcher submitted a query " george boots " and clicked on a Google's Product Search result . This could be due to poor quality of search ads  , or to availability of more promising organic search results. Such scenarios are not uncommon in real life  , exemplified by social search  , medical search  , legal search  , market research  , and literature review. We focus on scenarios where a user requires a high recall of relevant results in addition to high precision. typeahead.js 4 and Bootstrap 3. Federated search has been a hot research topic for a decade. As far as we know  , this is the first work to incorporate the factor of retrieval effectiveness of search engines into the task of federated search. None of the participants looked through more than a couple of search result pages. If a relevant video was located on the first page or so of search results  , then it was selected for viewing; otherwise  , another search was entered. Then the initial query is divided into several queries for different search focus. Based on the kernel terms in initial query and the current search item  , a sub-query is constructed for a specific search focus. The context information of a search activation usually includes: 1. The context o f a search activation is that information which is dependent on the past and present history of the search. The terms displayed on the screen have two links: a link to search for associable terms and a link to search for associable text. Our system enables users to search for proximate terms. Some said they expected the search engine to narrow the search results. Of these  , the majority of subjects expected that clicking on a vertical tab would display a specific type of search result. These paths are then synthesized using a global search technique in the second phase. The search consists of two phases  , where in the first phase m paths are planned in the joint subspaces using a local search method. The earlier we detect the impossibility  , the more search efforts can be saved. Once we know that the recursive search on a row-maximal pCluster cannot lead to a maximal pCluster  , the recursive search thus can be pruned. A number of universities are also recording lectures and seminars  , with the aim of providing online access and search capabilities. For example   , ABC uses a search engine which enables one to search some specific text that appeared in ABC news. Such a search-driven approach achieves extensibility by exploring evaluators rather than static pairwise rules. Finding the closest mapping thus naturally becomes a search problem -to search for the ranges expressible in the target form that minimally cover the source. In that way  , a search system will retrieve documents according to both text and temporal criteria  , e.g. , temporal text-containment search 13. extending keyword search with a creation or update date of documents. As seen in the table  , there is a significant interest in searching for author names with 37% of the search requests targeting the authors index. After the search button is clicked  , search results are displayed in the results panel in a ranked list according to relevance. A search field above the results panel is used to perform keyword searches. One potential reason for shortcomings of ontological search is that MeSH was used as a primary hierarchy for hyponym extraction . Results of ontological search MEDRUN4 performed better than manual searching but poorer than a normal semantic search. This is regarded as a baseline in this study since current search engines show this source alone in search results. Origin: The first page in the trail after the SERP  , visited by clicking on a search result hyperlink. These distributions were used to map the scores of a search engine to probabilities. Figure 2shows a snipping of the search result from Bing Search page for query " Saving Private Ryan "   , a famous movie. For example  , search engines provide " query suggestion " or " related searches " features. The difference to other engines is mainly in the search result representation . However  , in order to find a paper with a search engine the researcher has to know or guess appropriate search keywords. One solution is search engines like Google  , which make it easy to find papers by author  , title  , or keyword. This search engine recommender SER utilizes that the HTTP referrer information typically contains the search terms keywords of the user KMT00. We developed a new recommender of type – ,+ ,– for users coming from a search engine such as Google. The prototype search interface allows the user to specify query terms such as product names  , and passes them to a search engine selected by the user. example of a sentiment-based search screen and its result pages. Proposed optimization techniques are loop short-circuiting  , heuristic best-place search position and spiral search. We have implemented a matching-based SSD approach combined with a dynamic pyramiding technique and search optimization techniques as proposed in 2. In addition  , a global search technique is also supported. The Matrox Imaging Library in version 6.0 provides a smart search technique that repeatedly halves the search region into smaller and smaller portions. Training users on how to construct queries can improve search behaviour 26. Moreover providing a simple " Google-like " search interface as opposed to a complicated multi-field catalogue search can radically alter user behaviour 27. Therefore  , these desktop tools are starting to reach a much larger user base. This information can be considered as a user profile.  A new characterization of search queries to distinguish between F-search in " familiar " places versus U-search in " unfamiliar " locations  , defined on a per-user basis. The contributions of this paper include the following. The user then browses the returned documents and clicks some of them. When a user submits a query to the search engine  , the search engine returns the user some ranked documents as search results. On each of these pages  , each of the regular search results and links in the data augmenting the search is sent through a redirector which records the search query  , the link and which section of the page the link was on. mobile search offers three distinctive mobile search application platforms: a widget-based Yahoo! As discussed earlier  , Yahoo! It runs alongside the search engine. The Semantic Search application runs as a client of the TAP infrastructure .  Sort By allows users to change the ordering of the displayed search results. Cancel stops a search in progress. This ID is used to identify the result of the classification. Following is a list of the keywords and keyphrases to be used in the mechanized search. c. General search strategy. 25 studied a particular case in session search where the search topics are intrinsically diversified. For instance  , Raman et al. The n-gram proximity search generates a list of named entities as answer candidates. after the n-gram proximity search. This component uses a set of search tecbniques to find collision-free paths in the search space. planner. It uses estimates of the distance to the goal to search efficiently . A* is another common search technique lo. Oracle provides a rich full-text search API that can be used to build information retrieval applications. Search API. Search that was launched in July 2009 and precisely addresses this issue. Search Pad is a feature of Yahoo! Product Search and Bing Shopping. This is a fundamental task in consumer product search engines like Yahoo! In order to tackle graph containment search  , a new methodology is needed. However  , all these methods target traditional graph search. Traiectorv danner. The assumption basically says that previous search results decide query change. This is a drift in search focus. Perform a range search on the B+-tree to find Suppose the time search interval is IS = ta  , ta. 1 . Our study is also related to a large body of previous work on search personalization. Personalized search. Enhanced semantic desktop search provides a search service similar to its web sibling. in the email scenario. have answered search requests based on keyword queries for a long time. Popular search engines like Google or Yahoo! Search Design. one searcher had two search sessions are defined and used in this paper as a user session. Comparing to the unmediated search approaches  , the mediated search has a higher success rate 14. Intermediaries interact with information seekers to clarify their search context and attempt to understand what is important for the information seekers' information need; they then apply their knowledge of the available collections and search knowledge to form their strategic search plans  , and negotiate a set of search results with information seekers. Data which tracked the 'time to click' for each page element showed that while the mean time to click on the search box was 25.8 seconds  , the mode was only 1 second  , suggesting that many users clicked straight into the search box once the front page had been loaded. The data showed that users clicked mainly on the search box presumably to enter a search term and also on the search button presumably to initiate a search. To make sure that all participants see the same SERP in each search task  , we provided a fixed initial query and its corresponding first result page from a popular commercial search engine the same one which provides search logs for each task. All of the search tasks adopted in this study are selected from real-world commercial search logs so that they contain the practical users' search intention some example tasks are shown in Table 1. This further substantiates the finding that search features support as well as impede information seeking 1. In the post-task interviews our participants identified using the search features based on the attributes of the search task they were undertaking  , or as a result of their search habits  , and in some cases as a fallback mechanism when the search box and search results failed to help them find relevant information. While the systems mentioned above have made a number of advances in relation to image search  , there are a number of important differences that make video search much more difficult than image search. While CueFlik allows users to quickly find relevant search results and reuse rules for future searches it does not allow users to organise search results or to maintain old search results and carry out new searches  , unlike ViGOR. We also found a significant difference between the number of queries and documents selected across the different search task queries: differences in how these system features were used amongst our participants across the search tasks. Consider Figure 1a  , which depicts a sample search submitted to a major search engine. Answers community  , lead to a question posted to the community. It worked opposite the various databases during performance of the search. In addition  , a software program which performed a simulation of a search engine was developed. This is essentially a branch-and-bound method. XAP/l's Search Executive uses a simple form of the A* search to find an optimal plan. We proposed a content hole search for community-type content. Furthermore  , we describe a manner in which a content hole search can be performed using Wikipedia. A personalized search is currently missing that takes the interests of a user into account. Usually  , the overall popularity of a resource is used for ranking search results. In response to each query  , the engine returns a search results page. Assume we have a stream of queries submitted to a search engine. World Explorer helps users to search for a location and displays a tag cloud over that location. Flickr provides a search service for tags  , locations and full text. To reduce the amount of " noise " from pages unrelated to the active search task that may pollute our data we introduced some termination activities that we used to determine the end-points of search trails: We seek to promote supported search engine switching operations where users are encouraged to temporarily switch to a different search engine for a query on which it can provide better results than their default search engine. The approach relies on a classifier to suggest the topperforming engine for a given search query  , based on features derived from the query and from the properties of search result pages  , such as titles  , snippets  , and URLs of the top-ranked documents . If only one search term was responsible for the retrieval of the relevant document  , that term was assigned a retrieval weighting of 1; but  , if more than one search term was responsible for the retrieval of a document  , each search term was assigned a proportional retrieval weighting. Each search term that contributed to the retrieval of that document was identified matched in the search statement and the displayed relevant documents and assigned a portion of the weighting of 1. Figure 1 shows a truncated example page of Google Search results for the query " coughs. " In response to a query  , Google Search returns a page of results. A site entry page may have multiple equivalent URLs. A search for " Bob's U2 Site " would be within our scope  , but a search for " U2 Sites " would not. Without such a model  , a search for Hodgkin lymphoma indicating findings is only possible through a search for specific symptoms as e.g. Candidate in a debate with other candidates. If it would be a 1 in any other candidate's search  , it is a 2 in this candidate's search. Search UK as a Federated Search enabler. As a by-product  , we can also report that a version of KBS has been successfully deployed in production on Yahoo ! Clicking on a picture launches the visual similarity search. 2 depicts a typical keywordbased search result  , consisting of three ranked lists put together in a compact representation. Our experiment is designed around a real user search clickthrough log collected from a large scale search engine. A URM for our data set can be built as: A grid search defines a grid over the parameter space. In practice  , parameter values are usually chosen using a grid search approach. A total of twentyfive groups participated in the enterprise track. The track contained two tasks  , a discussion search task and a search-for-experts task. lymph node enlargement   , feeling powerless etc. The proposed method provides:  Simultaneous search for Web and TV contents that match with the given keywords  ,  Search for recorded TV programs that relate to the Web content being browsed  Search for Web content or other TV programs that relate to the TV programs being watched. The most concept-consistent searchers behaved like Fidel's 1984Fidel's    , 1990 conceptualist searchers and usually selected a search strategy where they planned to start their search with fewer search concepts than other searchers. Differences in the selection of search strategies Comparison of the interseascher concept-consistency mean values and the number of search concepts per search request showed a strong and also statistically highly significant negative correlation rs = -0.893; p = 0 ,0001  , see Table 2between them  , The searchers who selected more search concepts per search request achieved lower conceptconsistency mean values than other searchers. To illustrate how a missing category can affect search quality  , consider a category Water Park  , which is currently missing in a local search engine's taxonomy. by human experts may not be consistent with actual queries used by users  , which may affect the search quality for the search engine. Search engines can update their index in batch mode  , incremental mode  , or real-time mode  , according to the freshness requirements for the search results. As a result  , the search result of a query may change accordingly as the corpus of a search engine evolves. These results suggest that certain aspects of the search interface can impact search behavior and also provide a theoretical explanation for this behavior. Subjects that used an interface  , which required more time to enter a query  , entered significantly fewer queries and went to greater depths in the search results list than subjects who used a standard search interface. Their strategies focus on: creating a hierarchical taxonomy using a tree to find representations of generic intents from user queries 15  , examining bias between users' search intent and the query generated in each search session 11  , or investigating query intent when users search for cognitive characteristics in documents 12 . A number of studies 11  , 12  , 15 address the issue of search intent. Even when a search session consists of multiple queries  , the queries are likely unrelated. For this we encode a zero-recall search to alphabet Z and non-zero recall search to alphabet S. Detail page view obtained by click on a search result is converted to V whereas purchases are encoded to P . Search trails are encoded to a string for studying various patterns in the trail. The search results are saved in a cluster map from document ids to sets of cluster names using the search terms as cluster names. the simple search based method  , the found terms are simply used in a new search in an extended set of fields also supplied as a property. The second interface displayed search results in a similar fashion to the baseline  , and provided QE terms Fig 2aon the left-hand pane  , and finally our full interface presents the search results  , and multiple representations of QE terms Fig. The experimental system presented three different interfaces to the user during interaction  , it comprised a baseline interface that resembled the conventional layout of mainstream search engines  , and only provided a search box and 10 search results in a list format. This interface allows users to capture a screenshot of any interface  , enter some query keywords  , and submit the resulting multimodal query to the search engine  , and display the search result in a Web browser. We developed an integrated search interface as a stand-alone Java application to support this multimodal search. But even without considering resource constraints  , quite all the reported systems use a search engine at one step or another. search engine as a mandatory building block : in the setting of a commercial search engine  , the only resource you can afford " for free " is the search engine itself . Our methods also imply a natural way to compare the performance of various search engines. Thus  , the procedure to rank the search engines themselves with respect to a query is as follows: obtain a rank aggregation of the results from various search engines and rank the search engines based on their Kendall or footrule distance to the aggregated ranking. The basic search technique is a form of heuristic search with the state of the search recorded in a task agenda. Figure 5shows a partial search tree for our example constraint  , where the branches correspond to the three derivations in Figures  2  , 3  , and 4. Hence other search mechanisms like random search and exhaustive search would take inordinate time 20. 20 shows that for these parameters the search space for a tree is very large and the problem is essentially a needle-in-a-haystack problem. By using our compression scheme for the whole text  , direct search can be done over each block improving the search time by a factor of 8. Searching is done by first doing a search in the inverted file and then a sequential search in all the selected blocks. Subjects in Group A took extra time to set up their search target before actually beginning the search. However it is clear that subjects in Group A  , who formed their target images before starting the search  , spent a significantly longer time searching than those in Group B. who started their search without forming their target images Figure 7. From there  , users can refine their queries by choosing a picture in the result to submit a new similarity search or to submit a complex search query  , which combines similarity and fielded search. Results are shown in the search page Figure 2b. Similarly  , for personal data search systems  , such as desktop search or personal email search  , often there is only a single user resulting in very small query logs. However  , the effectiveness of such enterprise search systems has significant business implications and even a small improvement can have a positive impact on the organization's business. A strong recovery is defined as user doing a search with non-zero recall on which she clicks on at least one result item after the zero recall search is done. User is defined to have weak recovered or just recovered if she does a search with non zero recall after the zero-recall search. By comparing the retrieved documents  , the user can easily evaluate the performance of different search engines. Not only does it implement a dynamic search engine  , Dumpling also provides a convenient user interface for a user to compare the results from the dynamic search engine and the static search engine . We use it as a baseline to compare the usefulness of the pre-search context and user search history. This method estimates the probability P Q that a user searches a query Q based on both global search history and user search history  , which is P Q|G used in our model in Section 4.2.2. Participants had to rank the 157 search engines for each test topic without access to the corresponding search results. A total of 11 groups see Table 1 participated in the two classic distributed search tasks 9: Task 1: Resource Selection The goal of resource selection is to select the right resources from a large number of independent search engines given a query. IR systems need to engage users in a diafogue and begin modeling the user -on the topics of search terms and strategies  , domain knowledge  , information-seeking and searching knowledge -before a single search term is entered -as well as throughout the search interaction. This model would also include elicitation between user and IR system throughout a search interaction -including the presearching and searching stage. If a search engine could be notified that a searcher is or is not interested in search advertising for their current task  , the next results returned could be more accurately targeted towards this user. We call this predisposition " advertising receptiveness "   , and show that the user's interest in a search ad shown for a future search within the same session can be predicted based on the user interactions with the current search result page. By a depth-first search of the set enumeration tree of transitive reductions of partial orders  , Frecpo will not miss any frequent partial order. In this paper  , we propose a system called RerankEverything  , which enables users to rerank search results in any search service. Our system provides users not only the reranking interface  , but also a tag cloud to encourage users to explore search results from various viewpoints  , and a simple interface to specify an html element that contains a search result to recognize structures of the search results page. If the interaction starts on the conventional search system e.g. , a vertical search system for real estate  , events  , travels  , businesses  , it interacts synchronously with data sources and produces several solutions e.g. 1: the user submits an initial query  , which can be addressed either to a traditional exploratory search system or to a human search system. We have benchmarked Preference SQL The search scenario of the search engine is as follows: In a pre-selection a set of hard criteria has to be filled into the search mask. One of the busiest Internet sites in Germany is a job search engine. After they had completed all the search tasks  , a post-hoc interview was conducted to elicit the users' disposition towards the different methods of IQE  , and their general search experience. To help us obtain a deeper understanding of the users' search behaviors  , their interactions with the system were recorded using screen-capture software  , and they provided a think-aloud protocol during each search task. In some cases a topic could be either a known item or a general search depending on whether the submitting group indicated the results when submitting the topic. The search types known item search and general search are not as distinctive as their labels and different evaluation methods may suggest. To start a search in Visual MeSH  , the user can select to lookup concepts from either MetaThesaurus or MEDLINE. Only when the number is within a reasonable range does the user need to retrieve search results by clicking on the search button  , which will display the search results in a separate browser's window. After issuing the search interface/engine with a query  , the component provides SimIIR with access to the SERP -a ranked list of snippets and associated documents. We consider the search interface/engine component as an abstraction of a search engine and the Search Engine Results Page SERP. The experiment used a repeatedmeasures design with two independent variables: search latency with 12 levels in milliseconds: " 0 "   , " 250 "   , " 500 "   , " 750 "   , " 1000 "   , " 1250 "   , " 1500 "   , " 1750 "   , " 2000 "   , " 2250 "   , " 2500 "   , " 2750 "  and search site speed with two levels: " slow "   , " fast " . Taking everything into consideration   , we decided to offer self-learning search as-a-service  , a middleware layer sitting between the e-commerce site and the client's existing search infrastructure. On the other hand  , these large sites could potentially benefit a lot from self-learning search  , given the amount of traffic and the revenue deriving from search. The purpose of this search procedure is to locate points on the object's surface which are suitable places to position the robot's fingers . The search strategy-also proposed for multi query optimization 25-that will be applied in our sample optimizer is a slight modification of A*  , a search technique which  , in its pure form  , guarantaes to find the opt ,irnal solution 'LO. Further   , the search strategy should be independent from the search space 17. Given the obvious constraints  , a trade-off had to be made between getting a broad representative sample of search tasks and what was feasible. We assume a user's previous search queries and the corresponding clicked documents are good proxies of a user's search interests. To improve the utility of search results after cover query injection   , we also build user profiles on client-side with a user's true queries and clicks for search result re-ranking. The data reveals that as the search tasks became more complex and exploratory  , and required more search action and strategies to complete  , the total number of search features used on the features increased. Based on the search results  , Recall provided a graph showing changes in the frequency of the search keyword over time. The Internet Archive 25 once provided a full-text search engine called Recall 20 that had a keyword search future for 11 billion pages in its archive. Using this setup we evaluate PocketTrend when active or passive updates are used to push trending search content to end users. In fact  , a user may have received trending search content but that may be too old to include the search result the user clicked on when doing the actual search  , so a case like this would be recorded as a cache miss. A third belief is that the freshness level considerably influences search Money paid to search engine Others ranking. Another common belief is that the relevance of a page to the search query is a major factor when determining its rank in search results. Google directory offers a related feature  , by offering to restrict search to a specific category or subcategory. To perform this experiment  , we use a standard  , state-of-the-art search engine  , in this case the Terrier search engine 4   , to create highly simple search engines   , i.e. In this section  , we will attempt to determine whether the choice of retrieval model has a bigger impact on the behavior rather than the performance of a search engine than does parameter tuning. Therefore  , it may also be problematic to evaluate a system purely by whether or not it can improve search performance of a query in a search session and the magnitude of the improvement. Due to this fact  , we argued that users may expect to find novel search results  , instead of simply to improve search performance when they reformulate queries 2. As before  , the smaller value of w relates to a better bound on suboptimality and therefore makes the search harder. Every log entry contained a user identifier  , a time-stamp for every page view  , and the URL of the visited page. Actually  , the fact of switching can be unambiguously detected only in a small part of the search sessions performed by users who installed the browser or the special browser toolbar plugin developed by a search engine 10. They conducted two experiments to determine whether users engaged in a more exhaustive " breadth-first " search meaning that users will look over a number of the results before clicking any  , or a " depth-first " search. One other study used eye-tracking in online search to assess the manner in which users evaluate search results 18. Another complex search task is that a breaking news search of Nobel Prize winner is likely to evolve to an exploratory search task of studying a certain scientific domain. For example  , a trip planning search task may include progressive subtasks such as flight booking  , hotel booking  , car rental  , weather and routes inquiries   , where these subtasks are highly correlated with each other sequentially. Recall that  , as Section 2 defined  , in entity search  , a query q specifies a context operator α  , which suggests how the desired tuple instances may appear in Web pages. The notion of identity representation in search is quite simple; the issue can be summed by the question " What does a search engine say about an individual  , when that individual is researched in a search engine by another individual ? " An individual's representation in search is a true informationage problem. A complete example of all four combinations can be viewed below: Description: What is depression ? We can characterize a factual task with specific goals as known-items search  , a factual task with amorphous goals as known-subject search  , an intellectual task with specific goals as interpretive search and an intellectual task with amorphous goals as exploratory search. These events would reveal that the user had examined the search results  , but a user examining a search result would not necessarily emit a corresponding hover or scroll event. where H is the set of search result positions the user hovered over  , and V is the set of all search results shown when the user scrolled. A user with zero-recall search in her search trail has a purchase rate which is 0.64 times the purchase rate of user who did not Table 5describes this factor for various user segments. We notice that the purchase rate drops when the users experience a zero recall search in their search trail. Hence  , in a given context  , only papers that are relevant to the context reside. We consider a meta-search framework where a broker search system forwards the query to component search systems that may include general purpose search engines as well as the APIs of Web 2.0 platforms  , like YouTube or Twitter. We consider a dynamic caching setup  , as earlier works show that for reasonably large caches  , dynamic caching approaches outperform the static counterparts 9. Consequently  , if a search by keywords is performed   , the same search using the title or the author will not return new results. For example  , a search for books by keywords case 2 includes both a search by title case 4 and by author case 5. In order to discover and query objects in the digital repository through the Tufts Digital Library generic search application was developed that provides two initial levels of searching capabilities: a "basic search"  , and an "advanced search." Figures 5 and 6 show screen shots of advanced search and the search result page respectively. A significant percentage of the search engines return result pages with multiple dynamic sections. For example  , some search engines categorize or cluster search results Figure 1 and some search engines display regular search results and sponsored links in different dynamic sections. Separate title  , subject  , and author search interfaces or advanced syntax may be provided to limit search to such bibliographic fields  , and is often utilized by the expert user whom desires fine-grained control of their search 2. A keyword search box is arguably the simplest one to use and is often the default search interface. Iterative search is fundamental to medical search because of medical problems' inherent fuzziness  , which often makes it difficult even for medical professionals to distinguish between right and wrong choices. Below we first give a brief overview of iMed  , and then focus on iMed's iterative search advisor  , which integrates medical and linguistic knowledge to help searchers improve search results through iterative search. postulated for including effort in modeling interactive information search; for example  , using cost of search actions to explain some aspects of search behavior 1  , or using search effort to explain search task success 2. Then  , tracker will continue to search through fine search for the target with smaller standard deviation and same number of samples. In the proposed tracker  , search strategy started with a relatively large standard deviation twice as in fine search for the coarse search. Because of the competitive nature of the market  , each search term may have bids from many advertisers  , and almost every advertiser bids on more than one search term. In a pay-for-performance search market  , advertisers compete in online auctions by bidding on search terms for sponsored listings in affiliated search engines. In generally  , search related user behavior can be classified into three categories: the usage frequency and how frequently users using or reusing the search engine in order to accomplish their search tasks. In this part  , we investigate the overall user search behavior change with regard to the change of the search environment with a deliberate setback. These latter search tasks both presume a very small set of relevant documents. The early search tasks were either classical ad hoc search or high-precision search  , but following trends on the web  , recent TREC Web evaluations have focused on known-item search and topic distillation. While search evaluation is an essential part of the development and maintenance of search engines and other information retrieval IR systems  , current approaches for search evaluation face a variety of practical challenges. To motivate and ground general discussion of crowdsourcing  , we will focus primarily upon applications to evaluating search accuracy with other examples like blending automation with human computation for hybrid search. Furthermore  , Villa and Halvey 21 showed a relationship between mental effort and relevance levels of judged documents. While query and clickthrough logs from search engines have been shown to be a valuable source of implicit supervision for training retrieval methods  , the vast majority of users' browsing behavior takes place beyond search engine interactions. Additionally   , search engine query logs can be used to incorporate query context derived from users' search histories  , leading to better query language models that improve search accuracy 42. In this paper  , we have presented a novel method for learning to accurately extract cross-session search tasks from users' historic search activities. Search tasks frequently span multiple sessions  , and thus developing methods to extract these tasks from historic data is central to understanding longitudinal search behaviors and in developing search systems to support users' longrunning tasks. In search engine or information retrieval research field  , there are a few research papers studied the users' re-finding and re-visitation search behaviors. Our work is significantly different from the research on repeated search results since our targeting recommendation domain is fundamentally different with the search domain where the latter needs users' search queries to drive users' click behaviors. Such federated search has the additional benefits of lower computational cost and better scaling properties. Additionally  , the results of the federated search are very similar to those of the distributed search  , which is equivalent to single-index search  , thus exhibiting that prediction-based federation can be used as a viable alternative to single-index search. Federated search is the approach of querying multiple search engines simultaneously  , and combining their results into one coherent search engine result page. The goal of results merging  , which is the second task of federated search  , is to combine results selected from the given search engines into a single ranked list. 4.2.1. In this paper we present the architecture of XMLSe a native XML search engine that allows both structure search and approximate content match to be combined with In the first case structure search capabilities are needed  , while in the second case we need approximate content search sometime also referred as similarity search. The searches were conducted on Wikipedia using a commercial test search engine created by Search Technologies Corp. We used the commercial search engine  , because Wikipedia does not provide full-text search. Each participant was asked to complete four search tasks that were designed to differ in complexity within-subject design. Despite the single user requiring such a feature and the high rating she assigned to the app  , the barebones developers implemented search suggestions in the release 3.1: " Added Google Search Suggestions " . One of the users reviewing the release 3.0 assigned five stars to the app and asked for the implementation of search suggestions  " I wish it can have search suggestions in the search bar " . The rest of this paper is organized as follows: SectionFigure 1: Architecture of Chem X Seer Formula Search and Document Search ing functions. Our formula search engine is an integral part of Chem X Seer  , a digital library for chemistry and embeds the formula search into document search by query rewrite and expansion Figure 1. The feasibility of this approach depends on how concentrated the search content associated to a trending topic is. This portion of the search index will become the actual search content search queries and corresponding search results that will be pushed to end users. Our study in the search query log of a commercial search engine reveals that the number of generic search queries  , which have explicit or implicit vertical search intentions  , can surpass the traffic of VSEs. Unfortunately  , many Web users are still unaware of these high quality vertical search resources. For example  , a search for naval architecture returns 154 books in the Internet Archive search interface  , and 350 books in the Hathi Trust search interface. While full-text search is currently or soon to be available across all these collections  , the huge and growing collection sizes make it difficult for users to obtain the best search results. The percentage increase of the cluster search over the inverted index search is also included in the The numbers in Table 2show that the cluster search requires a significant amount more disk spa~ than the inverted index search an increase of 70- 100%. The size of each auxiliary file and the total size for each search is given in Table 2. Most of the existing works rely on search engine server logs to suggest relevant queries to user inputs. As a method mainly for interaction between search engines and users  , query suggestion techniques usually cannot directly improve the relevance of the search results  , but rather enhancing the entire user search experience within the same search intent. Experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. Our approach constructs an item group based pairwise preference for the specific ranking relations of items and combine it with item based pairwise preference to formalise a novel framework PRIGPPersonalized Ranking with Item Group based Pairwise preference learning . Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method  , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. The experimental results on three real-world datasets show our proposed method performs a better top-K recommendation than baseline methods. Through repetitively replacing bad vertices with better points the simplex moves downhill. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. We used the simplex downhill method Nelder and Mead 1965 for the minimization. 4.3 on a training data set. If the temperature T is reduced slowly enough  , the downhill Simplex method shrinks into the region containing the lowest minimum value. Downhill Simplex method approximates the size of the region that can be reached at temperature T  , and it samples new points. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. For doing that  , the downhill Simplex method takes a set of steps. Figure 1shows appropriate sequences of such steps. As a downhill simplex method  , an initial guess of the intrinsic camera parameters is required for further calculation . Due to space limitation  , we will not enumerate these results here. Then  , the intensity p 0 was estimated from the retweet sequence of interest by using the fitting procedure developed in section 3.3. At high temperatures most moves are accepted and the simplex roams freely over the search space. Therefore while any move that is a true downhill step will be accepted  , some additional uphill steps will also be accepted. A simplex is simply a set of N+l guesses  , or vertices  , of the N-dimensional statevector sought and the error associated with each guess. For example we are solving for six registration parameters translation and rotation; therefore the simplex has 7 vertices and the error associated with each of the vertices. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. In contrast  , Nelder and Mead's Downhill -Simplex method requires much stricter control over which policies are evaluated. The robust downhill simplex method is employed to solve this equation. Since the W matrix has only four independent parameters  , four point matches in t ,he whole set of three image frames are minimally sufficient to solve for W matrix using equation 23. After finding out the results of t evaluations  , each robot could then independently perform the calculation to determine the next policy  ?r and continue with the next iteration. Despite the success  , most existing KLSH techniques only adopt a single kernel function. Second  , we address the limitation of KLSH. This result is further verified when we examine the result of KLSH-Weight  , which outperform both KLSH-Best and KLSH- Uniform. But when thinking further  , it is not difficult to explain the result as KLSH-best only explores a single kernel  , while KLSH-Uniform jointly exploits multiple kernels . In this paper  , we first analyze the theoretical property of KLSH to better understand the behavior and capacity of KLSH in similarity search. These observations show that it is very important to explore the power of multiple kernels for KLSH in some real-world applications. and adopts this combined kernel for KLSH. their mAP values: We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH  , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH.  KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels  , evaluate their mAP values on the training set  , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value.  KLSH-Weight: We evaluate the mAP performance of all kernels on the training set  , calculate the weight of each kernel w.r.t. We adopt this best kernel for KLSH. KLSH provides a powerful framework to explore arbitrary kernel/similarity functions where their underlying embedding only needs to be known implicitly. In particular  , kernel-based LSH KLSH 23  was recently proposed to overcome the limitation of the regular LSH technique that often assumes the data come from a multidimensional vector space and the underlying embedding of the data must be explicitly known and computable. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function  , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. One key question is how to determine the weights for kernel combination. Such an approach might not fully explore the power of multiple kernels. This paper investigated a framework of Multi-Kernel Locality- Sensitive Hashing by exploring multiple kernels for efficient and scalable content-based image retrieval. Kernelized LSH KLSH 23 addresses this limitation by employing kernel functions to capture similarity between data points without having to know their explicit vector representation. One limitation of regular LSH is that they require explicit vector representation of data points. First of all  , their naive approach to combining multiple kernels simply treats each kernel equally  , which fails to fully explore the power of combining multiple diverse kernels in KLSH. Our work however differs from their method in several aspects. Our study is more related to the second category of kernel-based methods. LSH has been extended to Kernelized Locality-Sensitive Hashing KLSH 16 by exploiting kernel similarity for better retrieval efficacy. It has already been shown that the Hamming distance between different documents will asymptotically approach their Euclidean distance in the original feature space with the increase of the hashing bits. Besides  , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 37 is the bit allocation optimization step to find the parameter b1  , . Unlike the regular KLSH that adopts a single kernel  , BMKLSH employs a set of m kernels for the hashing scheme. This significantly limits its application to many real-world image retrieval tasks 40  , 18  , where images are often analyzed by a variety of feature descriptors and are measured by a wide class of diverse similarity functions. Second  , their technique is essentially unsupervised   , which does not fully explore the data characteristics and thus cannot achieve the optimal indexing performance. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. , SH and AGH  , we randomly sample 3000 data points as the training set; for the point-wise supervised method SSH  , we additionally sample 1000 data points with their concept labels; for the list-wise supervised methods i.e. , RSH and LWH  , we randomly sample 300 query samples from the 1000 labeled samples to compute the true ranking list. We compare the proposed LWH with six stat-of-the-art hashing methods including four unsupervised methods LSH 1  , SH 11  , AGH 5  , KLSH 4  , one supervisedsemi method SSH 9  , and one list-wise supervised method RSH 10. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. There are workloads that are very sensitive to changes of the DMP. Unfortunately  , the DMI' method has two severe shortcomings as discussed in the following 1. Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load. In all commercial systems  , the DMP is set " statically "   , that is  , when the system is started up and configured according to the administrator's specification. However  , this extended method makes the problem of finding the optimal combination of DMP values even trickier and ultimately unmanageable for most human administrators. This problem may be alleviated by specifying DMP values for different overlapping classes of transaction types  , which is supported by some TP monitors. The bottom line is that the DMP method is inappropriate as a load control method that can safely avoid DC thrashing in systems with complex  , temporally changing  , highly diverse  , or simply unpredictable workloads. In addition  , with increasing interoperability across system boundaries  , a significant fraction of the workload may become inherently unpredictable  , and DMP settings that are based on the local load alone will be meaningless. In addition  , application programs are typically highly tuned in performance-critical applications e.g. , to reduce the probability of deadlock and sometimes even sacrifice data consistency to avoid performance problems. In practice  , DC thrashing is probably infrequent because the limitation of the DMP acts as a load control method. Note  , however  , that  , in contrast to group commit  , our method does not impose any delays on transaction commits other than the log I/O Itself. As the decreasing average persistence sphere size in Figure 7eshows  , this nice effect increases with the DMP. When DC thrashing occurs  , more and more transactions become blocked so that the response time of transactions increases beyond acceptable values and essentially approaches infinity. For questions with a simple answer pattern  , the answer candidates can be found by fixed pattern matching. Our pattern matching component consists of two parts  , fixed pattern matching and partial pattern matching. As for those with complex answer patterns  , we try to locate answer candidates via partial pattern matching. We now define the graph pattern matching problem in a distributed setting. Distributed graph pattern matching. Patterns are organized in a list according to their scores. Fixed pattern matching scans each passage and does pattern matching. One promising technique to circumvent this is soft pattern matching. We conjecture that current pattern matching applications may be hindered due to the rigidity of hard matching. Pattern matching is simple to manipulate results and implement. Instead of building a classifier we use pattern matching methods to find corresponding slot values for entities. Consequently  , we believe that any practical IE optimizer must optimize pattern matching. The work 6 describes other large-scale pattern matching examples. Next  , each model's location is estimated. When an eye image is input  , the pattern matching is carried out with the pattern matching model  , memorized previously. A Basic Graph Pattern is a set of statement patterns. Definition 15 Basic Graph Pattern Matching. Graph pattern matching Consider the graph pattern P from Fig. Example 2. The Pattern Matching stream consists of three stages: Generation  , Document Prefetch and Matching. In most applications  , however  , substring pattern matching was applied  , in which an " occurrence " is when the pattern symbols occur contiguously in the text. Pattern matching has been used in a number of applications . However  , their pattern languages are limited by a small number of pattern variables for matching linguistic structures. SCRUPLE 10 and JaTS 5  provide pattern matching facilities that can interpret source-code like patterns. Matching is meant here as deciding whether either a given ontology or its part is compliant matches with a given pattern. Introducing a pattern language opens another interesting direction: pattern matching and induction. Kumar and Spafford 10 applied subsequence pattern matching to intrusion detection. If no matching pattern is found  , the exception propagates up the call stack until a matching handler is found. For the first matching pattern  , the exception handler of that catch block is executed. Surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . Feature matching method needs to abstract features e.g. Two kinds of matching methods are oftcn uscd: Feature matching method and pattern matching method 8. Recognizing the oosperm and the micro tube is virtually a matching problem. This is the value used for pattern matching evaluation. 9 Let us examine a small pattern-matching example . Example. This package provides reawnably fast pattc:rn matching over a rich pattern language. To effect the pattern matching it.self  , finite automata techniques l such as the UNIX regec package can be used. The final score of a sentence incorporates both its centroid based weight and the soft pattern matching weight. We compute each input sentence's pattern matching weight by using Equation 6. But in our case  , pattern matching occurs relatively less frequently than during a batch transformation. The restriction of axes in XSLT has been introduced for performance reasons and the goal was to allow efficient pattern matching. The output of this pattern matching phase is tuples of labels for relevant nodes  , which is considered as intermediate result set  , named as RS intermediate . As mentioned previously  , we adopt VERT for pattern matching. Note that these early work however do not consider AD relationship  , which is common for XML queries. Bottom-up tree pattern matching has been extensively studied in the area of classic tree pattern matching 12. The correlation operation can be seen as a form of convolution where the pattern matching model Mx ,y is analogous to the convolution kernel: Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. Once a matching sentiment pattern is found  , the target and sentiment assignment are determined as defined in the sentiment pattern. SA first identifies the T-expression  , and tries to find matching sentiment patterns. var is a set of special alternative words  , which are usually shared by various patterns and also assigned in question pattern matching. A question chunk  , expected by certain slots  , is assigned in question pattern matching. Let E k 1 ≤ k ≤ m denote the kth named entity in the annotated passage  , T i denotes the ith query keyword Different from previous empirical work  , we show how soft pattern matching is achieved within the framework of two standard probabilistic models. In this paper  , we build upon the earlier work in soft pattern matching. Each pattern matching step either involves the use of regular expressions or an external dictionary such as a dictionary of person names or product names. These navigational features are then fed into a sequence of pattern matching steps. For the first variation the text collection was the Web  , and for the second  , the local AQUAINT corpus. Two variations of this stream were implemented  , Web Pattern Matching and Collection Pattern Matching. However  , they do not maintain the hierarchical structure of a single stack since Lemma 1 does not hold for graph data. In addition  , not all types of NE can be captured by pattern matching effectively. That is exactly the rational behind our hybrid approach to IE combining pattern matching rules and statistical learning Srihari 1998 The triple pattern matching operator transforms a logical RDF stream into a logical data stream  , i.e. Therefore  , the triple pattern matching operator must be placed in a plan before any of the following operators. By incorporating 'anchor control' logic it is possible to operate some sub-sets of cascades in the unanchored mode  , sub-pattern matching mode  , variable precursor matching mode or a combination thereof. The techniques of unanchored mode operation  , sub-pattern matching   , 'don't care' symbols  , variable precursor position anchoring and selective anchoring as described for a single cascade can be extended to this twodimensional pattern matching device. If a text segment matches with a pattern  , then the text segment is identified to contain the relationship associated with the pattern. A pattern matching program was developed to identify the segments of the text that match with each pattern. Each pattern box provides visual handles for direct manipulation of the pattern. Using the generated pattern as a starting point  , the developer interactively modifies the pattern by inserting wildcards and matching constraints. This eases parsing  , pattern declaration and matching  , and it makes the composition interface explicit. We explicitly declare the pattern type i.e. , the associated nonterminal of the pattern root and of the variable symbols in σΓ in the pattern specification. This is a problem that has received some attention from the pattern matching research community. 4 also propose to find relevant formulae using pattern matching. Kamali et.al. pressive language. Particularly complex operations on software graphs are pattern matching and transitive closure computation. The patterns are described in Table 2. 8is to recognize a parameter by pattern matching. In our simplified version of pattern matching  , the search trajectory was designed as follows. The averagc Previously examined by Cui et al. Function recParam in Fig. The tree-pattern matching proceeds in two phases. As a result  , it may have false positives. proposed a similar method to inverse pattern matching that included wild cards 9. Lee et al. A type constraint annotation restricts the static Java type of the matching expression. More generally  , pattern annotations control the scope of the pattern match. In the Generation stage  , the question is analyzed and possible answer patterns are generated. There are several main differences between string matching and the discovery of FA patterns. Note that in this paper  , we focus on ordered twig pattern matching. Both '/' and '//' in the pattern are treated as regular tree edges. Patterns are sorted by question types and stored in pattern files. Only patterns with score greater than some empirically determined threshold are applied in pattern matching. For example  , consider the tree representation of the pattern Q 1 in Figure 3 . Overlapping features: Overlapping features of adjacent terms are extracted. String pattern matching and domain knowledge are used for features of formula pattern. Note that it contains variables that have already been bound by the change pattern matching. Next  , we consider the graph pattern in the first loop. The final score is the product of the pattern score and matching score. The matching score is calculated according to how well the semantic features are matched. The lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the well studied multi-pattern matching problem in the string matching literature 25. During In our scenario  , if each entity is modeled as a pattern  , the lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the multi-pattern matching problem. The goal of multi-pattern matching is to find within a text string d all occurrences of patterns from a given set. Although surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems  , the patterns used in ILQUA are better since they are automatically generated by a supervised learning system and represented in a format of regular expressions which contain multiple question terms. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search  , and syntactic dependency matching . All of the points have the same pattern and this is suitable for a template matching because the points may be able to be extracted through a template matching procedure using only one template. And a chess board pattern is adopted as a calibration pattern because it is full of intersections of lines and supplies the enormous points in one image. In such a case  , we first need to distribute the expression " GRAPH γ " appropriately to atomic triple patterns in order to prescribe atomic SPARQL expressions accessible by basic quadruple pattern matching. Basic quadruple pattern matching is not directly applicable  , if an expression " GRAPH γ " appears outside a complex triple pattern . The pattern-matching language is based on regular expressions over the annotations; when a sequence of annotations is matched by the left-hand side pattern  , then the right-hand side defines the type of annotation to be added Organization in the example case above. Rule writing requires some knowledge of the JAPE pattern-matching lan- guage 11 and ANNIE annotations. In addition to surface pattern matching  , we also adopt n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. The Sparkwave 10 system was built to perform continuous pattern matching over RDF streams by supporting expressive pattern definitions  , sliding windows and schema-entailed knowledge. Finally  , OPS examined the matching trees that emerged from the graph traversal to determine the matching subscriptions. Pattern matching with variable 'don't care' symbols can now be easily performed  , if the input signals set the D flip-flop values throughout the duration of pattern matching. If the 'don't care' operation is to be externally controlled  , a cascade of'don't care' flip-flops D and F as shown in Figure 19.5  , similar to the anchor flip-flops  , has to be set prior to the beginning of the pattern matching operation. Our system focuses on ordered twig pattern matching  , which is essential for applications where the nodes in a twig pattern follow the document order in XML. Rather the twig pattern is matched as a whole due to sequence transformation. We enhanced the pattern recognition engine in ViPER to execute concurrent parallel pattern matching threads in spite of running Atheris for each pattern serially. It is therefore necessary to annotate all patterns before sending the page to the client. We tested our technique using the data sets obtained from the University of New Mexico. Finally  , a novel pattern matching module is proposed to detect intrusions based on both intra-pattern and inter-pattern anomalies. This approach benefits from a better performance by avoiding multiple input parsing. For each token  , we look for the longest pattern of token features that matches with pattern rules. -Named Entity analyzer uses language specific context-sensitive rules based on word features recognition pattern matching. Such overlap relationship characterizes the normal behavior of the application. Therefore  , the system works in stages: it ranks all sentences using centroid-based ranking and soft pattern matching  , and takes the top ranked sentences as candidate definition sentences. The purpose of using such hard matching patterns in addition to soft matching patterns is to capture those well-formed definition sentences that are missed due to the imposed cut-off of ranking scores by soft pattern matching and centroid-based weighting. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. A recent paper by Müller et al. their rapid evaluation. Proposals for pattern-matching operators are of little use unless indices can be defined to permit . Yet ShopBot has several limitations. ShopBot relies on a combination of heuristic search  , pattern matching  , and inductive learning techniques. The interesting subtlety is that pattern matching can introduce aliases for existing distinguishing values. These rules handle match statements. Approaches that use pattern matching e.g. Furthermore  , accuracy can usually be varied at the cost of recall. TwigStack 7  , attract lots of research attention. That also explains why many twig pattern matching techniques  , e.g. The research question is: pattern. Determining the changes between two versions enables matching of their code elements. 18 have demonstrated that soft pattern matching greatly improves recall in an IE system. Xiao et al. We have so far introduced features of the matching rule language mainly through examples. The pattern symbols are: Regarding input data generation  , all sequences  , matching the pattern are favored and get higher chance to occur. Results of query " graph pattern " with terms-based matching and different rankings: 1 Semantic richness  , 2 Recency. The *SENTENCE* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single sentence. We allow seoping using two functions. with grouping  , existing pattern matching techniques are no longer effective. This query can be expressed in XQuery 1.1 as follows: For each context pattern and each snippet search engine returned  , select the words matching tag <A> as the answer. YATL is a declarative  , rule based language featuring pattern matching and restructuring operators. Tree models form an instantiation hierarchy. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : The basic problem is then to limit combinatorial explosion while deducinc knowledge. In SPARQL 5 no operator for the transformation from RDF statements to SPARQL is defined. Triple Pattern Matching. In the pattern matching step  , we will compare performance of the several kernel functions e.g. Daubechies' wavelet. They primarily used heuristics and pattern matching for recognizing URLs of homepages. —the first system for homepage finding. SPARQL  , a W3C recommendation  , is a pattern-matching query language. The rewriting is sound iff Q G is contained in Each template rule specifies a matching pattern and a mode. A basic XSLT program is a collection of template rules. Tree-Pattern Matching. A run-time stack keeps the states reached and allows such a state backtracking. It also leverages existing definitions from external resources. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and definition pattern matching. We obtain We assume  , however  , that indexes are used to access triples matching a triple pattern efficiently. Listing1.2 shows a simple SPARQL query without data streams. The triple pattern matching operator transforms RDF statements into SPARQL solutions. 4 have demonstrated the utility of DTW for ECG pattern matching. Many researchers including Caiani et al. In this paper  , an improved circuit structure corresponds to the complex regular expressions pattern matching is achieved. REFERENCE Second  , the notions of pattern matching and implicit context item at each point of the evaluation of a stylesheet do not exist in XQuery. First  , although xsl:apply-templates may resemble a function call  , its semantics does not correspond to explicit function calls  , but instead relies on a kind of dynamic dispatch based on pattern matching  , template priority  , import precedence  , and modes. We will focus our related work discussion on path extraction queries. These languages can be classified into two categories: path pattern matching queries 22  , 23  , 20  , 10  , 17 that find node pairs connected by paths matching a path pattern; and path " extraction " queries 21  , 13  , 4  , 18  , 12 that return paths. Likewise  , the pattern-matching language in REFINE provides a powerful unification facility   , but this appears to be undecidable—no published results are available about the expressive power of its pattern-matching language. One writes analyzers essentially by programming in a full pro- gramming language; no guarantees can be made about the complexity of analyzers written in ARL  , or VTP. We integrated Mathematica8 into our system  , to perform pattern matching on the equations and identify occurrences within a predefined set of patterns. To address this issue  , we relied on pattern matching  , a very powerful feature that current Computer Algebra Systems CAS provide. On the other hand  , our pattern matching approach is more suitable for determining supporting documents and is therefore the preferable approach for answer projection. Thus we always prefer its answers over results obtained with pattern matching  , which we use as a backup for the remaining questions. Concept assignment is semantic pattern matching in the application domain  , enabling the engineer to search the underlying code base for program fragments that implement a concept from the application domain. Plan recognition is semantic pattern matching in the programming-language domain  , for example identifying common and stereotypical code fragments known as cliches. Traditional pattern-matching languages such as PERL get " hopelessly long-winded and error prone " 5   , when used for such complex tasks. Using pattern matching for NE recognition requires the development of patterns over multi-faceted structures that consider many different token properties e.g orthography  , morphology  , part of speech information etc. The result of unsupervised pattern learning through PRF is a set of soft patterns as presented in Section 2 Step 3a. Option −w means searching for the pattern expression as a word. -bash-2.05>echo "test1 test test2" | grep -Fw test -bash-2.05> Option −F prescribes that the pattern expression is used as a string to perform matching. For example  , the pattern language for Java names allows glob-style wildcards  , with " * " matching a letter sequence and "  ? " String and numeric literals  , Java names  , access modifier lists  , and other non-structured entities are represented using simple text-based pattern languages. The recognition module of person's name  , place  , organization and transliteration is more complex. We use a pattern-matching module to recognize those OODs with fixed structure pattern  , such as money  , date  , time  , percentage and digit. This method requires users to learn specific query language to input query " pattern " and also requires to predefine many patterns manually in advance. Pattern induction   , in contrast  , is intended as detecting the regularities in an ontology  , seeking recurring patterns. The pattern was initially mounted on a tripod and arbitrarily placed in front of the stereo head Fig. Moreover   , the advantage of using this software and pattern is to eliminate human-introduced errors in the selection and matching of points. At the end of this pattern-matching operation  , each element of the structure is associated with a set of indexing terms which are then stored in the indexing base. Moreover the pattern-matching procedure controls  , through nonnalization any excessive growth of the indexing term set. While it is easy to imagine uses of pattern matching primitives in real applications  , such as search engines and text mining tools  , rank/select operations appear uncommon. Typical examples include: pattern matching exact  , approximate  , with wild-cards ,..  , the ranking of a string in a sorted dictionary  , or the selection of the i-th string from it. By adopting regular expressions as types  , they could include rich operations over types in their type structure  , and that made it possible to capture precisely the behavior of pattern matching over strings in their type system. for a minimal functional language with string concatenation and pattern matching over strings 23. Basic pattern matching now considers quadruples and it annotates variable assignments from basic matches with atomic statements from S and variable assignments from complex matches with Boolean formulae F ∈ F over S . Only the basic pattern matching has been changed slightly. However  , we assume that the structure is flat for some operations on pattern-matching queries  , which would not be applicable if the structure was not flat. This restriction is not essential  , since those pattern-matching expressions could perfectly well generate a nested structure. The conceptual definition of pattern matching implies finding the existence of parent node such that when evaluating XPath P with that parent node as a context node yields the result containing the testing node to which template is applicable. The XPath P used in the pattern matching of a template can have multiple XPath steps with predicates. A pattern matched in a relevant web page counts more than one matched in a less relevant one. Third and most important  , we contextualize the pattern matching by distinguishing between relevant and non-relevant pages. As discussed in Section 5  , the size is strongly related to the selectivity . Note that in the following we refer to the number of triples matching a pattern as the size of the pattern. We believe that much information about patterns can be retrieved by analyzing the names of identifiers and comments. Fourth  , we have launched a Master's project to investigate recovery of pattern-based design components with full-text  , pattern-matching techniques. Once the pattern tree match has occurred we must have a logical method to access the matched nodes without having to reapply a pattern tree matching or navigate to them. edge in the APT. Only the definition of windows over the data streams and the new triple pattern operator need special rules. However  , we can still simplify the pattern by removing the parent axis check as shown in We have developed an alternative method based on auxiliary data constructs: condition pattern relations and join pattern relations Segev & Zhao  , 1991a. That structure requires propagating matching patterns to multiple relations when the dimension of joins is larger than two. Semantic pattern discovery aims to relate the data item slots in Pm to the data components in the user-defined schema. Therefore  , each slot of a line can be identified by matching Pc and the line pattern. This is a type of template matching methodology  , where the search region is 1074 examined for a match between the observed pattern and the expected template  , stored in the database. Once the pattern is justified  , the door is successfully detected. Some sentiment patterns define the target and its sentiment explicitly. In a recent survey 19   , methods of pattern matching on graphs are categorized into exact and inexact matching. However  , such structural join approaches often induce large intermediate results which may severely limit the query efficiency. We mainly focus on matching similar shapes. In all of the above tasks  , the central problem is similarity matching: 'find tumors that are similar to a gaven pattern' including shape  , shape changes  , and demographic patient data. The semantics of SPARQL is defined as usual based on matching of basic graph patterns BGPs  , more complex patterns are defined as per the usual SPARQL algebra and evaluated on top of basic graph pattern matching  , cf. 7 In this paper  , we use correlation based pattern' matching to realize the recognition of the oosperm and micro tube in real time. , F k  of data graph G  , in which each fragment Fi = GVi  , Bi i ∈ 1  , k is placed at a separate machine Si  , the distributed graph pattern matching problem is to find the maximum match in G for Q  , via graph simulation. Answering these queries amounts to the task of graph pattern matching  , where subgraphs in the data graph matching the query pattern are returned as results. They represent patterns because either predicate  , subject or object might be a variable  , or is explicitly specified as a constant. We assume that the answer patterns in our pattern matching approach express the desired semantic relationship between the question and the answer and thus a document that matches one of the patterns is likely to be supportive . To minimize the number of unsupported answers  , we decided to always prefer documents identified with pattern matching over those found by the answer type approach. Pleft_seq|SP L  and Pright_seq|SP R  give the probabilistic pattern matching scores of the left and right sequences of the instance  , given the corresponding soft pattern SP matching models. where ins represents a test instance and C denotes the context model. Unknown viruses applying this technique are even more difficult to detect. Self-encrypting and polymorphic viruses were originally devised to circumvent pattern-matching detection by preventing the virus generating a pattern. As an enhanced version of the self-encrypting virus  , a polymorphic virus was designed to avoid any fixed pattern. Moreover  , patterns can only be determined from the unencrypted segment i.e. , the decryption code  , impeding pattern matching even further . In Snowball  , the generated patterns are mainly based on keyword matching. Specificity means the pattern is able to identify high-quality relation tuples; while coverage means the pattern can identify a statistically non-trivial number of good relation tuples . Our pattern matching approach uses textual patterns to classify and interpret questions and to extract answers from text snippets. For instance  , the following is an answer pattern for the property profession: <Target> works as a <Property>. Patterns for answer extraction are learned from question-answer pairs using the Web as a resource for pattern retrieval. Our pattern matching approach interprets a question by creating a concise representation of the question string that preserves the semantics. p i and sq i are the index of pattern and sequence respectively  , indicating from where the further matching starts. value is a probability of sequence segment containing pattern segment. These approaches focus on analyzing one-shot data points to detect emergent events. Pattern-based approaches  , on the other hand  , represent events as spatio-temporal patterns in sensor readings and detect events using efficient pattern matching techniques. In order to identify the list of instructions to re-evaluate  , a pattern matching is performed on the entire re-evaluation rules set. The second optimization is the pattern inclusion. Missing components or sequences in a model compared to an otherwise matching pattern are classed as " incomplete " . A set of intermodel checks between different requirements representation pattern is classed as " incorrectness " . Input rule files are compiled into a graph representation and a depth first search is performed to see if a certain token starts a pattern match. Rose starts by invoking a traditional pattern matching and lexicon based information extraction engine. This way  , when no pattern has been successfully validated  , the system returns NIL as answer. Consequently  , our approach performs probable answer detection and extraction by applying syntactic pattern-matching techniques over relevant paragraphs. Second-order relationships: The relationship between two or more variables is influenced by a third variable. In other words  , a précis pattern comprises a kind of a " plan " for collecting tuples matching the query and others related to them. Joins on a précis pattern are executed in order of decreasing weight. The max-error criterion specifies the maximum number of insertion errors allowed for pattern matching. The min-support criterion specifies the minimum num-ber of times a pattern has to be observed to be considered frequent. In more recent systems  , Lucene  , a high-performance text retrieval library  , is often deployed for more sophisticated index and searching capability. Searching can be as simple as token matching Math- World or pattern matching 15. This includes: word matching  , pattern matching and wildcards  , stemming  , relevance ranking  , and mixed mode searchmg text  , numeric  , range  , date. The IR ,-engine provides the core set of text-retrieval capabilities required by Super- Pages. This system employs two novel ideas related to generic answer type matching using web counts and web snippet pattern matching. 2   , which does not make use of advanced NLP tools. A simpler  , faster subset of this approach is to perform pattern matching based on features. The above method could employ a variety of pattern­ matching and optimization techniques for sensory interpretation. We choose pattern matching as our baseline technique in the toolkit  , because it can be easily customized to distill information for new types of entities and attributes. In KBP2010  , we developed three pipelines including pattern matching  , supervised classification based Information Extraction IE and Question-Answering based 1. Although surface text pattern matching is a simple method  , it is very effective and accurate to answering specific types of ques- tions. Surface text pattern matching has been adopted by some researchers Ravichandran & Hovy 2002  , Soubbotin 2002 in building QA system during the last few years. In addition   , system supports patterns combining exact matching of some of their parts and approximate matching of other parts  , unbounded number of wild cards  , arbitrary regular expressions  , and combinations  , exactly or allowing errors. For each word of a pattern it allows to have not only single letters in the pattern   , but any set of characters at each position. The patterns are assumed to be always right-adjusted in each cascade. We adopted existing code for SQL cross-matching queries 2 and added a special xmatch pattern to simplify queries. Users can either write their own SQL queries or choose cross-matching queries from a predefined set. However automatic pattern extraction can introduce errors and syntactic dependency matching can lead to incorrect answers too. The performance is based on the automatically extracted patterns and n-gram syntactic matching . Because matching is based on predicates  , DARQ currently only supports queries with bound predicates. The matching compares the predicate in a triple pattern with the predicate defined for a capability and evaluated the constraint for subject and object. It is widely used for retrieving RDF data because RDF triples form a graph  , and graph patterns matching subgraphs of this graph can be specified as SPARQL queries. Basically  , SPARQL rests on the notion of graph pattern matching. Answer extraction methods applied are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . ILQUA has been built as an IE-driven QA system ; it extracts answers from documents annotated with named entity tags. δ represents a tunable parameter to favor either the centroid weight or the pattern weight. where Centroid_weight denotes the statistical weight obtained by the centroid based method and Pattern_weight is the weight of soft pattern matching. Instructions associated to a pattern that matches that node need to be re-evaluated. This is achieved by applying a pattern matching between re-evaluation rule patterns and the node currently being modified. We call all the sessions supporting a pattern as its support set. A session S supports a pattern P if and only if P is a subsequence of S not violating string matching constraint. None of these tools are integrated with an interactive development environment  , nor do they provide scaffolding for transformation construction. However  , developers have to write these pattern specifications as an overlay on the underlying code. Cossette and colleagues 9 used a pattern matching approach to link artifacts among languages. The matching is holistic since FiST does not break a twig pattern into root-to-leaf paths. Ambiguous strings are handled at the same time. To demonstrate the flexibility and the potential of the LOTUS framework  , we performed retrieval on the query " graph pattern " . Existing tools like RepeatMasker 12 only solve the problem of pattern matching  , rather than pattern discovery without prior knowledge. It is therefore worth the effort to mine the complete set. Three classes of matching schemes are used for the detection of patterns namely the state-  , the velocity-and the frequency-matching. Regularity Detection is used to detect specific patterns of movement from a properly structured database Itinerary Pattern Base. That is  , the specific pattern-matching mechanism has to influence only that application context. Of course  , only those access events performed by agents of the application example must trigger the reaction leading to the new pattem-matching mechanism. We expect melodic pattern matching to involve what we call " complex traversal " of streamed data. Especially with unpitched sources  , we expect that searching for a melody will be complex  , not simply a matter of literal string matching. To answer " Factoid " and " List " questions  , we apply our answer extraction methods on NE-tagged passages. The pattern matching problem in IE tasks are formally the same as definition sentence retrieval. Our two soft matching models are generic and can be extended to related areas that require modeling of contextual patterns  , such as information extraction IE. The merit of template matching is that it is tolerant to noise and flexible about template pattern. In this paper  , to resolve the problems in conventional methods  , a template matching which is accompanied with projective transformation is proposed. Many commercially available anti-virus programs apply a detection system based on the " pattern signature matching " or " scanner " method. Existing patterns are rendered inapplicable to matching simply with partial modification of the virus code as seen in numerous variants. The results of the pattern-matching are also linguistically normalized  , i.e. We overcome this problem by actually downloading the pages  , analyzing them linguistically  , and matching the patterns instead of merely generating them and counting their Google hits. The prototypes of data objects must be considered during entity matching to find patterns. Thus  , pattern mining that relies solely on matching type names for program entities would not work. Applicability in an Epoq optimizer is similar in function to pattern-matching and condition-matching of left-hand sides in more traditional rule-based optimizers. Thus  , they are used to improve the efficiency of the optimizer. With the manual F 3 measure  , all three soft pattern models perform significantly better than the baseline p ≤ 0.01. 2 that soft matching patterns outperform manually constructed hard matching patterns in both manual and automatic evaluations. To answer " Factoid " and " List " questions  , we apply our answer extraction methods on NE-tagged passages or sentences. 9  , originally used for production rule systems  , is an efficient solution to the facts-rules pattern matching problem. The main disadvantage of predicate-based matching is that predicates should be pre-defined in advance. As mentioned above  , the pattern should skip this substring and start a new matching step. From the foregone information of success matching  , it can get the substring T8 ,9= " is "   , while there is no substring " is " in P1 ,2 ,3 ,4. Besides the detection and localization of a neural pattern  , the comparison and matching of the observed pattern to a set of templates is another interesting question 18. QUANTUM PATTERN RECOGNITION Pattern recognition is one of the basic problems in BCI systems. They also discuss the subtlety we mention in Sec. Haack and Jeffrey 6 discuss their pattern-matching system in the context of the Spi-calculus. Presence of modes allows different templates to be chosen when the computation arrives on the same node. The recursion in the SPARQL query evaluation defined here is indeed identical to 11  , 13. The same assumption is made for grouping constraint and output aggregate function. Later on  , standard IR techniques have been used for this task. Backtracking moves to the next breakpoint fget or the next visible variable current-var. Pattern matching checks the attributes of events or variables. This paper focuses on the ranking model. The extraction can be done using simple pattern matching or state-of-the-art entity extractors. slot is bound to the key chunks of questions. ANSWER indicates the expected answer. The basic cell for all pattern matching operations is shown in Figure 19.2. The equations describing the cell can be written as Wiki considers the Wikipedia redirect pairs as the candidates. Pattern considers the words matching the patterns extracted from the original query as candidates. Encounters green are generated using a camera on the quadrotor to detect the checkerboard pattern on the ground robot and are refined by scan matching. In order to avoid this drawback  , we implemented a new module of text-independent user identification based on pattern matching techniques. System overview. The center coordinates of iris are estimated from each model that is estimated its location by pattern matching. Fig.4shows the situation of eye movement detection. proposed an inverse string matching technique that finds a pattern between two strings that maximizes or minimizes the number of mis- matches 1 . Amir et al. They analyze the text of the code for patterns which the programmer wants to find. Pattern matching tools help the programmer with the task of chunking. Other languages for programming cryptographic protocols also contain this functionality. We discuss our method of soft pattern generalization and matching in the next section. Both experiments show significant improvement over baseline systems. The pages that can be extracted at least one object are regarded as object pages. Each URL not matching any patterns is regarded as a single pattern. A new technique is required to handle the grouping operation in queries. The value which is determined by pattern matching is DataC KK the server's public key for the signature verification . kgenArgS 12. This information is then logically combined into the proof obligations. Implementability and operation decomposition are expressed similarly: pattern matching is used to extract the necessary in- formation. Tuples are anonymous  , thus their removal takes place through pattern matching on the tuple contents. Tuples can be removed from a tuple space by executing inp. The Concern Manipulation Environment CME supports its own pattern-matching language for code querying. SOQUET on the other hand  , emphasizes relations specific to crosscutting concerns implementation. The instrumentation is based on rules for pattern-matching and is thus independent of the actual application. The satellites automatically instrument the application using Javassist 25. Siena is an event notification architecture . Replace performs pattern matching and substitution and is available in the SIR with 32 versions that contain seeded faults. There have been many studies on this problem. In the literature " approximate string matching " also refers to the problem of finding a pattern string approximately in a text. To tackle this problem  , other musical features e.g. , chord progressions  , change in dynamics  , etc. This was mainly caused by the inaccuracy of the approximate pattern matching. The definition generation module first extracts definition sentences from the document set. Perfect match is not always guaranteed. The candidate sentences are parsed and the parse trees are traversed bottom-up to do pattern matching. Our patterns are flexible -note that the example and matched sentences have somewhat different trees. ple sentence to pattern  , and then shows a matching sentence. All the following described operators consume logical streams. For every pattern tp i in query Q  , a sorted access sa i retrieves matching triples in descending score order. Access. The argument can be any expression of antecedent operators and concepts and text. Thereby  , the amount of informa3. When w  , r  , or w 0 is *  , the frequency counts af all dependency triples matching the rest of the pattern are summed up. For the first run  , definition-style answers were obtained with KMS definition pattern-matching routines as described. Two runs were made. Some question types have up to 500 patterns. Morph considers the morphologically similar words as candidates.  ls: lightly stemmed words  , obtained by using pattern matching to remove common prefixes and suffixes. 2g  , 3g  , … 7g: character n-grams 2-7 gram. As an example  , consider the problem of pattern matching with electrocardiograms. However  , one may wish to assign different weights to different parts of the time series. Autonomous robots may exhibit similar characteristics. Biological swarm members often exhibit behavioral matching based on the localized group's pattern  , such that behaviors are synchronized 4. The reason is the handling of pattern matching in the generated Java code with trivially true conditional statements. Coverage does not exceed 79%. A search token is a sequence of characters defining a pattern for matching linguistic tokens. Leaf nodes in an XML document tree may contain multiple linguistic tokens. Xcerpt's pattern matching is based on simulation unification. 2 Novel evaluation methods for Xcerpt  , enabled by high-level query constructs  , are being investigated. We do not present an exhaustive case study. In the following  , we give some formulas in order to perform pattern matching between expressions and patterns. It can extract facts of a certain given relation from Web documents. Leila is a state-ofthe-art system that uses pattern matching on natural language text. Second  , po boils down to " pattern matching  , " which is a major function of today's page-based search engine. We can similarly handle factors 3 and 4. Through training  , each pattern is assigned the probability that the matching text contains the correct answer. based on a training set of given question-answer pairs. Stream slot filling is done by pattern matching documents with manually produced patterns for slots of interest. In Figure 1we refer to this as Streaming Slot Value Extraction. We have reviewed the newly-adopted techniques in our QA system. Also  , there is a need to find ways to integrate numberic matching into the soft pattern models. -relevance evaluation  , which allows ordering of answers. This important feature IS based on a syntacttc pattern matching between user's concepts and system known concepts. These patterns were automatically mined from web and organized by question type. Some question type has up to several hundred patterns. Similar to the twig query  , we can also define matching twig patterns on a bisimulation graph of an XML tree. We call this bisimulation graph the twig pattern. The searching trajectory can be designed intentionally to ease detection of such features. The template of a character is represented by a dot pattern on the 50*50 grid. Character recognition is conducted using template matching.  s: aggressively stemmed words  , found using the Sebawai morphological analyzer. ls: lightly stemmed words  , obtained by using pattern matching to remove common prefixes and suffixes. The generated file is used for programming of FPGA and pattern matching. Snort library is sorted  , optimized and compiled by rule compiler. The general idea behind the approach is pattern matching. The advantage of our approach is that it is not limited to a pre-defined set of semantic categories. Researchers using genetic data frequently are interested in finding similar sequences. Consequently searches need to be based on similarity or analogy – and not on exact pattern-matching. Then we insert randomly some sequences  , defined as " suspicious "   , and detect them through our threshold mechanism. The program slice is smaller than the whole program  , and therefore easier to read and understand. The representation for data objects and their relationships with each other is a relational data base with a pattern-matching access mechanism. goal-directed invocation. A more likely domain/range restriction enhances the candidate matching. For this pattern  , dbo:City is more likely to be a domain than dbo:Scientist  , and so for the range. A somewhat different approach to facilitate multiple language comprehension is DSketch. Application designers can exploit the programmability of the tuple spaces in different ways. We chose the first 20 changed versions. Feasible ? Nevertheless  , such pattern matching is well supported in current engines  , by using inverted lists– our realization can build upon similar techniques. Implementation We have developed a prototype tool for coverage refinement . The time overhead of event instrumentation and pattern matching is approximately 300 times to the program execution. One aspect of our work extends CPPL to include match statements that perform pattern matching. In this paper we are only interested in SPARQL CONSTRUCT queries. SPARQL is a query language for RDF based on graph pattern matching  , which is defined in 4. The result is empty  , if negatively matched statements are known to be negative. This definition of basic graph pattern matching treats positively matched statement patterns as in 4. Some question type has up to 500 patterns. Additionally  , a classifier approach is more difficult to evaluate and explain results. Two sets of rules are developed to generate numbers and entities  , respectively. AskDragon uses pattern matching rules to generate candidate answers. In this paper we will consider only B-tree indices. Blank nodes have to be associated with values during pattern matching similiar to variables. Besides variables SPARQL permits blank nodes in triple patterns. it changes the schema of the contained elements. The Entrez Gene database and MeSH database were used for query expansion. Our system first extracted key terms from topic narratives by pattern matching. In their most general forms these ope~'a~ors are somewhat problematic. Similarly  , the *PARAGRAPH* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single paragraph. Pattern matching approaches are widely used because of their simplicity. The idea of the so-called pyramid search is depicted in figure 3. attack or legitimate activity  , according to the IDS model. This step performs the intrusion detection task  , matching each test pattern to one of the classes i.e. µ is a solution in evalG W   , BGP   , if it is complete for BGP and Our context consistency checking allows any data structure for context descriptions. The first context instance in Figure 1has a matching relation with the first pattern in Figure 2. A type system based on regular expressions was studied by Tabuchi et al. Definition 5.4 Complex graph pattern matching. Now we define the evaluation of complex graph patterns by operations on sets of variable assignments similar to 11  , 13. Normal frames with a hea.der pattern can be used for both matching and inheritance . These frames are used for inheritance only. However  , header patterns of those frames cannot be inherited -only their cases. Worse  , some JS variables might not have declared types O5. Since the combinator used in the event pattern is or  , matching el is sufficient to trigger the action . Say that an announced event that matches el is received . It was shown in the PRIX system 17  that the above encoding supports ordered twig pattern matching efficiently. Refer to Section 3. In order to print matches and present the results in root-to-leaf order  , we extended the mechanism proposed by 5. For example  , tree pattern matching has also been extensively studied in XML stream environment 7  , 15 . There are many promising future directions. due to poor lighting conditions  , reflections or dust. The matching can fail in the case that the pattern does not appear  , e.g. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and then applies the soft-pattern model for matching these definition sentences. The liberty to choose any feature detector is the advantage of this method. Also  , this method can be accelerated using hierarchical methods like in the pattern matching approach. Also  , interfaces based on structured query languages  , SPARQL in particular  , are widely employed. To cope with the problem of blank nodes we need to extend the definition for an RDF instance mapping from 9: The relative calibration between the rigs is achieved automatically via trajectory matching. The individual stereo rigs are calibrated in a standard way using a calibration pattern. Otherwise  , if no graph pattern from C matches  , the source graph pattern P represents graphs that can be transformed into unsafe graphs by applying r  , and If a graph pattern from C matches the source graph pattern  , the application of r is either irrelevant  , as the source graph pattern already represents a forbidden state  , or impossible   , because it is preempted by another matching rule with higher priority. Note that one image-pattern neuron is added at every training point and the target's pose at that point is stored in conjunction with the image-pattern neuron for use later. The existing or newly created layer-pattern neurons one per layer image exactly matching the training image are then in tum defined as an image pattern  , and a corresponding imagepattern neuron is introduced with connections to the appropriate layer-pattern neurons. Generic tree pattern matching with similar pattern description syntax is widely used in generic tree transformation systems such as OPTRAN 16  , TXL 5  , puma 11  , Gentle 18  , or TRAFOLA 13  , as well as in retargetable code generation  , such as IBURG 10. The idea is to model  , both the structure of the database and the query a pattern on structure  , as trees  , to find an embedding of the pattern into the database which respects the hierarchical relationships between nodes of the pattern. Matching 15: is a query model relying on a single primitive: tree inclusion. To avoid such an overhead  , each time a pattern is converted from an expression  , the expression's instruction is added to the re-evaluation rules that include the new pattern. After experimenting with several structural pattern languages based on text  , we discovered that any moderately sophisticated tern quickly becomes difficult to understand. This led us to a pattern language that consists of fragments of Java source code  , augmented with wildcards  , pattern variables  , and semantic matching constraints such as " static type of this expression must be a subtype of java.lang. Serializeable " . We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. The role pattern correlation matrix is the most likely similar to the collaborative group correlation matrix. Therefore  , a reasonable role-based identification is to assign the role pattern correlation matrix F R 1 ,2 which is the most similar to the one C We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. Standard pruning is straightforward and can be accomplished simply by hashing atomsets into bins of suhstructures based on the set of mining bonds. This approach is faster than traditional approaches both because counting occurs without the need to go back to the entire molecule and because counting is done through pattern-pattern instead of pattern-dataset matching  , which results in far fewer comparisons. A pattern describes what will be affected by the transformation; an action describes the replacement for every matching instance of the pattern in the source code. This experiment showed that a traditional pattern/action-based description of a searchand-replace transformation is a natural way to describe code changes. Given the fact that a question pattern usually share few common words with each perspective  , we can hardly build effective matching models based on word-level information. Since the question pattern represents what information is being asked irrespective of the topic entity  , intuitively a correct candidate chain should match the question pattern from the above three perspectives. This year  , we further incorporated a new answer extraction component Shen and Lapata  , 2007 by capturing evidence of semantic structure matching. In TREC 2006 Shen et al. , 2006   , we developed a maximum entropy-based answer ranking module  , which mainly captures the evidences of expected answer type matching  , surface pattern matching and dependency relation correlation between question and answer sentences. Approximate string matching 16 is an alternative to exact string matching  , where one textual pattern is matched to another while still allowing a number of errors. from the LOD Laundromat collection to be findable through approximate string matching on natural language literals. Nevertheless  , we anticipate that pattern-matching operations on NEUMES data as distinct from literal string matching will be required during melodic search and comparison operations. These patterns  , mainly consisting of appositives and copulas  , are high-precision patterns represented in regular expressions  , for instance " <SEARCH_TERM> is DT$ NNP " . Each time cgrep returns matching strings  , they are removed from the document representation and the procedure is repeated with the same phrase. For each subphrase in the list we use cgrep – a pattern matching program for extracting minimal matching strings Clarke 1995 to extract the minimal spans of text in the document containing the subphrase. The exact matching requires a total mapping from query nodes to data nodes  , i.e. , all query nodes are exactly matched by their corresponding data nodes  , and each parent-child " / " resp. To perform a matching operation with respect to a contiguous word phrase  , two approaches are possible. The straightforward solution  , which recursively Figure 3: Tree-pattern matching by subsequence matching identifies matches for each node within the query sequence in order  , requires quadratic time in the document size and therefore becomes not competitive. The heart of those methods is the subsequence matching module. For example  , if OOPDTool detects an instance of the FactoryMethod design pattern  , it would detect not only the presence of this pattern in the design but also all classes corresponding to the Abstract Creator  , Concrete Creator  , Abstract Product  , and Concrete Product participants found in this design pattern instance. By selecting the desired design patterns  , the user is able to receive a report indicating the design patterns found  , and all the elements matching each participant role involved in the pattern. The problem of mining graph-structured data has received considerable attention in recent years  , as it has applications in such diverse areas as biology  , the life sciences  , the World Wide Web  , or social sciences. The conjunctivequery approach to pattern matching allows for an efficiently checkable notion of frequency  , whereas in the subgraph-based approach  , determining whether a pattern is frequent is NP-complete in that approach the frequency of a pattern is the maximal number of disjoint subgraphs isomorphic to the pattern 20. Results The data are summarized in Table 1   , which gives totals for each pattern/scope combination  , and in Fig- ure 4  , which graphs the totals for each pattern and scope examples not matching any pattern are grouped under UNKNOWN. PATTERN: Response SCOPE: Global PARAMIZTERS: Propositions boolean vector LTL: RequestedRegisterImpli As noted above  , all of the specifications we found are available on the World Wide Web at 8. The problem of finding the top-k lightest loopless path  , matching a pre-specified pattern  , is NP-hard and furthermore   , simple heuristics and straightforward approaches are unable to efficiently solve the problem in real time see Section 2.3. We then formalize the problem as top-k lightest paths problem   , targeting the top-k lightest loopless paths between the entities   , matching the path pattern see Section 2.1. We have adopted a " query language " approach  , using a well understood  , expressively limited  , relatively compact query language; with GENOA  , if an analyzer is written strictly using the sublanguage Qgenoa  , the complexity is guaranteed to be polynomial. The idea proposed in 9  is to compile XSLT <applytemplates/> instruction into a combination of XQuery's conditional expressions where the expression conditions literally model the template pattern matching and the expression bodies contain function calls that invoke the corresponding XQuery function that translated from the XSLT template. The challenging aspect here is to how to translate <apply-templates/> instruction  , which implicitly demands the template pattern matching. If the pattern has a 'don't care' symbol  , then the cell should essentially perform a 'unit stage delay' function to propagate the match signal from the previous stage to the next stage. The operation of the pattern matching cascade with sub-string matching capability and 'don't care' characters is illustrated in If the anchor vector has ls in positions s1  , $2 ,.. s k positions the strings x ,.. x ,  , x ,~ .. x ,  , x~  , .. x. have occurred in the text string. For example  , if we know that the label " 1.2.3.4 " presents the path " a/b/c/d "   , then it is quite straightforward to identify whether the element matches a path pattern e.g. " With the knowledge of this property  , we further consider that if the names of all ancestors of u can be derived from labelu alone  , then XML path pattern matching can be directly reduced to string matching . We have already mentioned bug pattern matchers 10  , 13  , 27: tools that statically analyze programs to detect specific bugs by pattern matching the program structure to wellknown error patterns. The authors' experience is similar to ours in that ESC/Java used without annotating testee code produces too many spurious warnings to be useful alone. To detect both known and unknown viruses effectively and accurately  , we must be able to combat viruses that are capable of self-encryption and polymorphism. Exact queries in Aranea are generated by approximately a dozen pattern matching rules based query terms and their part-of-speech tags; morpho-lexical pattern matches trigger the creation of reformulated exact queries. is likely to appear within ten words and fifty bytes to the right of the exact phrase " the Mesozoic period ended " . We describe one such optimization in this paper  , which is called pattern indexing and is based on the observation that a document typically matches just a relatively small set of patterns. Annotated Pattern Trees accept edge matching specifications that can lift the restriction of the traditional oneto-one relationship between pattern tree node and witness tree node. Instead we will try to show the intuition on APTs and LCs and walk through an example with them. This method creates a definition of length N by taking the The extracted partial syntax-tree pattern contains Figure 2: Pattern extraction and matching for a Genus-Species sentence from an example sentence. Then the individual sentences are sorted in order of decreasing " centrality  , " as approximated by IDF-weighted cosine distance from the definition centroid. first N unique sentences out of this sorted order  , and serves as the TopN baseline method in our evaluation . In 1  , we came to the conclusion that the pattern matching approach suffers from a relatively low recall because the answer patterns are often too specific. An answer pattern covers the target  , the property  , an arbitrary string in between these objects plus one token preceding or following the property to indicate where it starts or ends. Higher-level problems  , including inconsistency  , incompleteness and incorrectness can be identified by comparing the semi-formal model to the Essential interaction pattern and to the " best practice " examples of EUC interaction pattern templates. Low-level inconsistency problems can be identified such as natural language phrases without matching semi-formal model elements and meta-model constraint violations of the extracted model. Given a back-point βintv  , p index  , the uncertain part of sequence S is the sequence segment S i that is inside β.intv  , while the pattern segment P i   , which is possibly involved in uncertain matching  , could be any pattern segment starting from β.p index. After greedy testing fails  , we acquire a list of back-points. For example  , the head-and-shoulder pattern consists of a head point  , two shoulder points and a pair of neck points. In 16  , we proposed a flexible time series pattern-matching scheme that was based on the fact that interesting and frequently appearing patterns are typically characterized by a few critical points. Such tools do not generate concrete test cases and often result in spurious warnings  , due to the unsoundness of the modeling of language semantics. A straightforward way to solve the top-k lightest paths problem is to enumerate all paths matching the given path pattern and pick the top-k lightest paths. Here vertex 6 can be mapped to both the second vertex label and the fourth vertex label in the path pattern. Therefore  , we need to convert a triple pattern into a set of coordinates in data space  , using the same hash functions that we used for index creation  , to obtain coordinates for a given RDF triple. To determine relevant sources we first need to identify the region in data space that contains all possible triples matching the pattern. Section 3 describes the architecture of our definition generation system  , including details of our application of PRF to automatically label the training data for soft pattern generalization. It also became clear that developers want to use high-level structural concepts e.g. , a class  , a variable  , an if-statement to describe patterns  , and prefer to use fragments of source code to describe actions. A rewrite rule is a double grafting transformation consisting of a tree pattern T also called " the lefthand side "  and advice Γ that is applied to the source at all locations where T matches. An aspect is a set of pattern-matching-based rewrite rules that statically extend a given program with sets of programming statements and declarations that together implement a crosscutting concern. The worst case scenario would be for the optimizer to not incorporate sorting into the pattern tree match and apply it afterwards. The selectivity of such query is determined by the original selection and the trees produced when matching the pattern tree of the selection to the database. Pattern matching deal with two problems  , the graph isomorphism problem that has a unknown computational complexity  , and the subgraph isomorphism problem which is NP-complete. in determining if there exists a mapping or isomorphism  between a graph pattern and a subgraph of a database graph use cases 2.1  , 2.12 and 2.13 in DAWG Draft 58. We expressly do not wish to support this because it would correspond to replay attacks and violate freshness assump- tions. We assume that XML documents are tokenized by a languagedependent tokenizer to identify linguistic tokens. To demonstrate how an application can add new facts to the YAGO ontology  , we conducted an experiment with the knowledge extraction system Leila 25 . Third  , template parameters  , as opposed to XQuery function parameters   , may be optional. However  , sequence < 1  , 3  , 2 > supports < 1  , 3 >. They hence can be pushed to be executed in the navigation pattern matching stage for deriving variable bindings. Intuitively  , this can be done because these constraints and conditions are  , in a sense  , analogous to the relational selection operations. Nevertheless  , CnC possibly suffers more than bug pattern matching tools in this regard because it has no domain-specific or context knowledge. As mentioned earlier  , every automatic error checking system has this weakness. With the use of AI techniques for semantic pattern matching  , it may be possible to build a relatively successful library manager. Simple keyword searching is unlikely to be adequate. In IntelliJ IDEA  , there is a facility called Structural Search and Replace that enables limited transformations by pattern matching on the syntax tree. In Eclipse  , it requires writing a new plugin  , and mastery of a number of complex APIs. The pattern-matching techniques  , such as PMD  , are unsound but scale well and have been effectively employed in industry. These likely locations are reported to programmers typically at coding-time. Patterns were originally developed to capture recurring solutions to design and coding prob- lems 12 . We adopted a pattern-based approach to presenting our specification abstractions because of its focus on the matching of problem characteristics to solution strategies. Furthermore   , it allows for restriction of the query domain  , similar to context definitions in SOQUET 8 . When a group of methods have similar names  , we summarize these methods as a scope expression using a wild-card pattern matching operator . The only methods transformed are those in the scope but not in the exceptions. Certain PREfast analyses are based on pattern matching in the abstract syntax tree of the C/C++ program to find simple programming mistakes. As a result  , the PREfast analyses are inexpensive  , accounting for negligible percentage of compile time. For instance  , in the following case. We have thus decided to combine navigational probing with FSMs and present a new method SINGLEDFA for this category. At each point  , partial or total pattern matching is performed  , depending on the existing partial matches and the current node. In a first step the name is converted to its unique SMILES representation: For each matching SMARTS pattern  , we set the corresponding bit to 1. Let us consider our chemist searching for Sildenafil. Exact pattern matching in a suux tree involves one partial traversal per query. We currently estimate this threshold to be in the region of minimum query length of 10 to 12 letters for human chromosomes.  We show the efficient coordination of queries spanning multiple peers. This paper has explored the integration of traditional database pattern matching operators and numeric scientific operators. Integrating support for arrays  , as well as operations on them  , is an important extension of this research which we are currently investigating. These patterns  , such as looking for copular constructions and appositives  , were either hand-constructed or learned from a training corpus. Many systems used pattern-matching to locate definition-content in text. The patterns used in ILQUA are automatically learned and extracted. However in some situations  , external knowledge is helpful  , the challenge here is how to acquire and apply external knowledge. The what questions that are classified by patterns are in Table  ? ?. Some What questions are classified by pattern matching and  , for the rest of questions  , the question focus is used to classify the questions. For query generation  , we modify verb constructions with auxiliaries that differ in questions and corresponding answers  , e.g. " To facilitate pattern matching   , all verbs are replaced by their infinitives and all nouns by their singular forms. The system then builds semantic representation for both the question and the selected sentences. We try to find the answer from the sentence list returned without a match by the pattern matching step. We found that 12 ,006 reports had one visit associated while 2 ,387 of the reports had more than or equal to 10 visits. Using simple pattern matching we extracted section headings and identified segments pertaining to different population and age groups. Besides generating seed patterns  , the Pattern Matching method also relies on the ability of tagging the words correctly. In order to do that  , we collected list of cities  , list of states  , and list of countries. An example of the pattern matching operation is shown in Figure 19 The 'anchor' input line could be pulsed with arrival of every text character  , in which case the operations will take place in the 'unanchored' mode. This occurs because  , during crawling  , only the links matching the regular expression in the navigation pattern are traversed. Notice that  , in all cases  , the numbers in the " Crawling " column are smaller than the numbers in the " Generation " column. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. When certain characters are found in an argument  , they cause replacement of that argument by a sorted list of zero or more file names obtained by pattern-matching on the contents of directories. Many command arguments are names of files. Most characters match themselves. In general  , mining specifications through pattern matching produces a large result set. Adding then becomes a sequence of Boolean operations: we intersect the value to add with the " adder " BDD and remove the original value by existential quantification. Previous work 10  , 18  , 25 on mining alternating specifications has largely focused on developing efficient ranking and selection mechanisms . The type of the exception thrown is compared with the exception types declared as arguments in each catch block. No matching pattern indicates that PAR cannot generate a successful patch for a bug since no fix template has appropriate editing scripts. Generating this predicate from scratch is challenging. Word expert parsers 77  seem particularly suitable ; the TOPIC system employs one to condense information from article abstracts into frames 39. Flexible parsing methods  , often based on pattern matching  , are of value in these situations 41. In particular  , there are two sets of rules predicates which work together to identify the set of successor tasks. The generation of potential candidates i s performed by Prolog's pattern matching. EDITOR is a procedural language 4 for extraction and restructuring of text from arbitrary documents. Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. by embedding meta data with RDFa. Atheris relies on the robust pattern-matching technique of ViPER and introduces an abstraction layer between web pages and additional functionality for these pages changing the appearance  , adding information  , etc. outline preliminaries in Sect. For a partial binding b  , we refer to a pattern tp i with no matching triple as unevaluated and write * in b's i-th position: The deletion of triples also removes the knowledge that has been inferred from these triples. RDF triples can also be removed from the knowledge base by providing a statement pattern matching the triples to be deleted delete. Relevant datasets are selected using the predicate-matching method  , that a triple pattern is assigned to datasets that contains its predicate. However  , as admitted by the authors  , detailed VoID files are unlikely to be available on a large scale. There is often not much texture in indoor man-made environments for high coverage dense stereo matching. We can see that the coverage of the 3D model is increased substantially with the pattern projector. Accordingly  , it is able to localize points more precisely even if an image is suffering from noise. On the other hand  , pattern matching method performs directly on original image. Because the feature abstracting is time-consuming  , this kind of method is difficult to realize in real time. We use a method  , which is based on binary morphological operation  , to recognize the micro tube. It is not suitable to use pattern matching method to recognize the micro injector because of the low efficiency and poor accuracy. During the preliminary system learning two binary images are formed fig. Due to high TV raster stability and precision of manipulators that are used for the next LCD positioning the task was reduced to binary pattern matching. Another advantage is that for the rotation of the object only few sample points have to be rotated. Subgrouping may occur based on the group's task  , position within the swarm  , entity size  , role or a combination of factors. Figure 9shows an interesting inversed staircase pattern due to the reverse presentation order. Typical cross reactions between similar patterns are actually desired and illustrate a certain tolerance for inexact matching. Our second major enhancement to traditional parallel coordinates visualization allows the user to query shapes based on approximate pattern matching. The query can be formed either by indicating an example data point or by specifying the shape of interest explicitly. However  , conversations are bound to evolve in different conversational patterns  , leading to a progressive decay in the matching ambiguity. This is observed   , first  , because most conversations in the beginning exhibit a customary dialog pattern  " hi  , " " how are you  , " etc. each sentiment phrase detected Section 3.3  , SA determines its target and final polarity based on the sentiment pattern database Section 3.1.2. Note that figures 7 and 8 represent matching results of the sequences grouped into the same cluster. Since this pattern was commonly observed regardless of virus type and administration of IFN  , it implied ineffective cases of IFN treatment. As joins are expressed by conjunctions of multiple triple patterns and associated variables  , a prerequisite for join source selection is the identification of relevant sources for a given triple pattern. It matches the exact source code fragment selected by the user and all the other source code fragments that are textually similar to the selection whitespace and comments are ignored by the pattern matcher. The generated pattern is concrete  , that is  , it contains no wildcards and no matching constraints. For example  , the proximity function can be evaluated by keeping track of the word count in relation to specified set of pattern matches. The queries in classes 7 and 8 can be implemented by the SFEU by combining the results of basic pattern matching. The elementary graph pattern is called a basic graph pattern BGP; it is a set of triple patterns which are RDF triples that may contain variables at the subject  , predicate  , and object position. SPARQL is based on graph patterns and subgraph matching. The C-SPARQL 1 extension enabled the registration of continuous SPARQL queries over RDF streams  , thus  , bridging data streams with knowledge bases and enabling stream reasoning. Two important types of patterns are the value change pattern and the failure pattern. After the matching is completed  , sorting of variables is performed to enable the user to view those most interesting patterns in nearby sections of the horizontal axis. An example for this definition is given by evaluating the query from Example 5.1 on the dataset of Example 5.2 delivering the result as indicated in example 5.3. These potential problems are highlighted to the engineer using visual annotations on the EUC model elements. Matching of a substantial part of an extracted EUC model to an EUC pattern indicates potential incompleteness and/or incorrectness at the points of deviation from the pattern. In terms of CASE tools support  , we are testing a few mechanisms that allow generation of constraints for pattern verification as well as matching rules for pattern recovery given a UML design model. We are currently working on the specification of leitmotif behavior with the aid of Action Semantics. This model can represent insertion  , deletion and framing errors as well as substitution errors. In this model  , a pair i  , j of original and recognized string lengths is used as an error pattern of OCR and weight  , or a penalty of incorrect recognition is assigned to each pattern to calculate the similarity of two strings by dynamic programming matching. Then extracted sentences are scanned  , detecting the constructs matching the template < person1 >< pattern >< person2 > such as <Barack Obama><and his rival><John McCain>  , using a person names dictionary and a sliding window with a pattern length of three words. The entity pairs are extracted from the body of the archived documents first by splitting the documents into sentences using the Stanford CoreNLP library 4 . To reduce noise in the data we exclude pairs with identical names and discard overly long sentences and patterns. The individual right that the teacher Martin holds  , allowing him to reproduce an excerpt of the musical piece during a lesson  , is derived from the successful matching between the instances describing the intended action and the instances describing the pattern. The intended action is highlighted on the bottom half and the top half is the permission pattern. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. The graph pattern included in a SPARQL query is converted into a composition of such iterators  , according to a created query plan. Thus in the experiments below  , for the target set any attribute value that is not specifically of interest as specified by the target pattern retains its original value for determining matching rules. Where target pattern means: the set of attribute values in the target set that are being evaluated. 3 Many research works for the repeating patterns have been on an important subtype: the tandem repeats 10  , where repeating copies occur together in the sequence. The matching degree is calculated in two parts. Using the same window size w  , the token fragment S surrounding the <SCH_TERM> is retrieved: The matching degree of the test sentence to the generalized definition patterns is measured by the similarity between the vector S and the virtual soft pattern vector Pa. On the other hand  , the pattern in Figure 2a will not capture all resale activities due to the limitation of using the single account matching. It is much desired that an elastic matching of items can be used to accurately identify resales. The second factor requires matching specific tuple occurrences γ Section 4.2  , which can only be executed when the query terms e.g. , " amazon " and #phone and patterns e.g. , ow are specified. For example   , one cannot constrain the matching of events that logically match various parts of the same event pattern to those events that were generated by the same user or on the same machine. Snoop  , however  , does not provide mechanisms for using contextual in- formation to constrain event matching. Typically  , a Web browser interprets an HTML file just once  , in sequential order  , and so the semantics of character data do not need to be spot-checked by 'random access'. Incorporating individual slots' probabilities enables the bigram model to allow partial matching  , which is a characteristic of soft pattern matching. This is because the position of a token is important in modeling: for instance  , a comma always appears in the first slot right of the target in an appositive expression. In other words  , even if some slots cannot be matched  , the bigram model can still yield a high match score by combining those matched slots' unigram probabilities. If no handler is found in the whole call stack  , the exception handler mechanism either propagates a general exception or the program is terminated. In LOTUS  , query text is approximately matched to existing RDF literals and their associated documents and IRI resources Req1. To train these semantic matching models  , we need to collect three training sets  , formed by pairs of question patterns and their true answer type/pseudopredicate/entity pairs. Three matching models shall be learned for question pattern respectively paired with answer type  , pseudopredicate   , and entity pairs. The tool implementation of MATA has been extended to include matching of any fragments using AGG as the back-end graph rule execution engine. Since MATA is based on graph transformations  , sequence pointcuts can be handled in a straightforward manner since they are just another application of pattern matching-based weaving.  The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. The stack enables the testing of parent-child and ancestor-descendant relationships and limits the search space during the subsequence matching. system  , with rules maximizing recall  , 2 Pass the grammar annotated data through an ML system based on Carreras  , X. et al  , 2003  , and 3 In the spirit of Mikheev  , A. et al  , 1998 perform partial matching on the text. Techniques were used for query expansion  , tokenization  , and eliminating results due solely to matching an acronym on the query side with an acronymic MeSH term. The first phase consisted of pattern matching between query terms and MeSH terms that are found in MeSH regular descriptor file and MeSH supplementary concept records file. However the matching is not straightforward because of the two reasons. Since the positions of the acoustic landmarks are independent of the current position of a mobile robot  , we may localize the mobile robot by matching the newly acquired two dimensional pattern of the reflectors with that of the acoustic landmarks. Consider a software system that is modeled by its inheritance and containment graphs  , and the task is to analyze how many instances of the design pattern Composite are used in the design of the system. During the training session  , the above extraction pattern is applied to the web page and the first table matching the pattern is returned as the web clip. Thus  , one of the extraction patterns would be a <TABLE> element that immediately follows a <DIV> with the text " Sample Round-trip fares between: " . This is presented to the user by Figure 4: Training session highlighting the clipped element with a blue border. Therefore  , in the following components we treat URLs matching with each pattern as a separate source of information. It is shown by our experiments that each selected URL pattern usually matches with a large number of URLs of the same format. If a sample graph vertex label matches the pattern but is not correctly mapped to the model graph vertex then the fitness of the projection is reduced. Accordingly   , our approach allows the user to specify regular expression patterns as part of the fitness function such that sample graph vertices matching the pattern should be clustered and mapped to a particular model graph vertex. The tool compares extracted EUC models to our set of template EUC interaction patterns that represent valid  , common ways of capturing EUC models for a wide variety of domains. As part of an earlier task on a system that supported the visualization of object connections in a distributed system  , the subject had implemented a locking mechanism to allow only one method of an object to execute at one time. But the pattern is quite difficult to understand so it helps to have this pattern level view and this matching into the source code. 3 In case some attributes are non-nullable  , we use SET DEFAULT to reset attributes values to their default value. 2 In contrast  , when matching a data tuple t and a pattern tuple tp  , tX tpX is false if tX contains null  , i.e. , CFDs only apply to those tuples that precisely match a pattern tuple  , which does not contain null. Certainly  , if the lexicon is available in main memory it can be scanned using normal pattern rnatching techniques to locate partially specified terms. Standard languages for interactive text retrieval include pattern-matching constructs such as wild characters and other forms of partial specification of query terms 1121. Each of the rewriting patterns contains a * symbol  , which encodes the required position of the answer in the text with respect to the pattern. Each rewriting rule is composed of one Perl-like question matching pattern and one or more rewriting patterns. In the next section  , we will see that estimating the intended path from an incomplete sequence of the subject's motion even after it is started holds technical utility. Here  , the problem of estimating an intended path pattern is defined as a pattern matching problem from incomplete data sequence of a human motion in its early stage. Each fragment matching a triple pattern fragment is divided into pages  , each page contains 100 triples. The key is a triple pattern fragment where the predicate is a constant and the value is the set of triples that matches the fragment 16. Thus  , by saving the 3D edge identifiers in dlata points of a CP pattern  , correspondence between the model edges and the image edges can be obtained after matching. However  , the data points of the CP pattern are related to a corresponding edge of a CAD model. This is done without any overhead in the procedure of counting conditional databases. The difference of CMAR from other associative classification methods is that for every pattern  , CMAR maintains the distribution of various class labels among data objects matching the pattern. Threshold-based approaches consider an event to occur when sensor readings exceed a pre-defined threshold value. In the first case  , the Triplify script searches a matching URL pattern for the requested URL  , replaces potential placeholders in the associated SQL queries with matching parts in the request URL  , issues the queries and transforms the returned results into RDF cf. when a URL in the Triplify namespace is accessed or in advance  , according to the ETL paradigm Extract-Transform-Load. That allowed us to achieve the purpose of this method which was the extraction of a much larger number of matching points than in the previous method. A truly robust solution needs to include other techniques  , such as machine learning applied to instances  , natural language technology  , and pattern matching to reuse known matches. While we believe we have made progress on the schema-matching problem  , we do not claim to have solved it. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate sentences or passages and a list of named entities are generated as answer candidate. contiguous and non-contiguous combinations of words are generated and ranked in the descending order of their length. In addition to weighting the importance of matching data in the high-information regions  , it would also be appropriate to weight the most current data more strongly. The described general procedure for pattern matching could utilize the entire history of data acquired durin g an assembly attempt. Characteristics of projective transformation is also utilized to perform correspondences between two coordinate systems and to extract points. The pattern matching for the rules is done by recursive search with optimisations  , such as identifying an optimal ordering for the evaluation of the rules and patterns. For inferencing Cwm uses a forward chain reasoner for N3 rules. Like ML  , it has important features such as pattern matching and higher-order functions  , while allowing the use of updatable references. JunGL is primarily a functional language in the tradition of ML. The advantages of this type of programming language in compiler-like tools is well-known 1. XOBE is an extension of Java  , which does support XPath expressions  , but subtyping is structural. Navigation of XML values in Xtatic is accomplished by pattern matching  , which has different characteristics than those of XPath expressions. But they cannot combine data streams with evolving knowledge  , and they cannot perform reasoning tasks over streaming data. As mentioned above  , current EP systems 1  , 6  , 8  do real-time pattern matching over unbound event streams. Secondly  , having a more accurate selection in an incremental transformation allows minimizing the instructions that need to be re-evaluated. Clearly  , video indexing is complex and many factors influence both how people select salient segments. This also makes automatic summarization easier because human voices can be easily recognized and pattern matching should be useful for recognizing many natural sounds. The Jena graph implementation for non-inference in-memory models supports the look-up for the number of triples matching either a subject  , a predicate or an object of a triple pattern. We use such information to compute selectivities. 630 where Φ 1 and Φ 2 are relations representing variable assignments and their annotations. The following definition will specify how complex formulae from F  , which serve as annotations for results of matching complex graph pattern  , will be derived. In standard SPARQL query forms  , such as SE- LECT and CONSTRUCT  , allow to specify how resulting variable bindings or RDF graphs  , respectively  , are formed based on the solutions from graph pattern matching 15 . Query forms. We proposed VERT  , to solve these content problems   , by introducing relational tables to index values. Traditional twig pattern matching techniques suffer from problems dealing with contents  , such as difficulty in data content management and inefficiency in performing content search. In addition to the data provided by Zimmermann et al. 31  , extracted the data from the Eclipse code repository and bug database and mapped defects to source code locations files using some heuristics based on pattern matching. The argument p is often called a template  , and its fields contain either actuals or formals. Another related work is a recent study in 2 on approximate string joins using functions such as cosine similarity. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. The FSM stores partial results as the document is parsed sequentially in document order. Thus  , treating a Web repository as an application of a text retrieval system will support the " document collection " view. in conjunction with query languages that enable keyword querying  , pattern matching e.g. , regular expressions  , substrings  , and structural queries 2. The set of common attributes is preconfigured as domain knowledge  , which is used in attribute matching as well. Therefore  , by incorporating this pattern in the grammar  , the same form extractor automatically recognizes such exclusive attributes. A large body of work in combinatorial pattern matching deals with problems of approximate retrieval of strings 2  , 11. 16 study how to estimate selectivity of fuzzy string predicates. We designed our method for databases and files where records are stored once and searched many times. We describe a novel string pattern matching principle  , called n-gram search  , first proposed in preliminary form in 10. In the general computer science literature  , pattern matching is among the fundamental problems with many prominent contributions 4 . 15 propose a different method that trades search capability for much less security. They are sorted according to question type and can handle more anchor terms. However  , datadriven techniques Section 5 offer additional protection from false or extraneous matches by lowering the importance ranking of information not corroborated elsewhere in the data. From all these images  , the software mentioned above detected matching points on the calibration pattern for each pan and tilt configuration. Stereo images at different pan and tilt angles were captured. Most current models of the emotion generation or formation are focused on the cognitive aspects. The one extracts a cognitive image aimed at pattern matching  , and the other creates a perceptual imagelO  , 111. Systems like EP-SPARQL 4 define pattern matching queries through a set of primitive operators e.g. the context of SFP  , the query model is a discriminating property between systems. Thus question answering cannot be reduced to mere pattern matching  , but requires firstorder theorem proving. Though the proposed annotations have a simple structure  , background knowledge is complex  , and in general involves quantification  , negation  , and disjunction. Further  , research methods and contextual relations are identified using a list of identified indicator phrases. In information extraction  , important concepts are extracted from specific sections and their relationships are extracted using pattern matching. More like real life.. pattern matching using the colours can be used for quicker reference. " Many positive comments were made about the opportunity of using colour to discriminate between tabs  , e.g. " In parallel  , semantic similarity measures have been developed in the field of information retrieval  , e.g. In the fields of image recognition and general pattern matching  , geometric similarity measures have been a topic of study for many years 9. First  , the new documents are parsed to extract information matching the access pattern of the refined path. Adding new documents to the refined path index is accomplished in two steps. We compared the labels sizes of four labeling schemes in Table 2. As we will show in our experiments  , it is worth using this additional space-overhead  , since it significantly improves the performance of XML twig pattern matching. Finally  , K query partitions are created by assigning the queries in the i th bucket of any pattern to query partition i. If the query involves multiple patterns  , it is randomly assigned to one of the matching buckets. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 To accomplish creation of inventory on future patterns   , a trigger as implemented in DBAL is defined . It entails a match step to find all rules with a context pattern matching the current context. Selection rules allow a straight-forward and efficient implementation of recommender selection. Building on the suffix array   , it also incorporates ideas embedded in the Burrows-Wheeler transform. The FM-INDEX  , introduced by Ferragina and Manzini 6  , is a data structure used for pattern matching. The idea is to use that view to model pat t em-mat thing queries  , which we impose to have flat structure. Given an external concept  , we perform a pattern matching on the thesaurus  , made of the following operations : a-1 inclusion step : We look for a thesaurus item i.e a clique which includes the given group. a The transformation step :. The resulting fingerprint for Sildenafil is 1100. Therefore  , it is effective in giving the number n of unmatched characters permitted on pattern matching. Generally  , it is useful to deal mechanically with a misspelling  , an inflection and the different representation such as 'three body' and 'three-body'. Thus  , the larger the text collection is  , the greater the probability that simple pattern matching techniques will yield the correct answer. Naturally  , this simple technique depends crucially on the corpus having an answer formulated in a specific way. A considerable number of NEs of person  , organization and location appear in texts with no obvious surface patterns to be captured. We used pattern matching to extract and normalize this information. Some of the demographic information  , such as gender  , age  , and specific conditions  , such as patients weight  , were only mentioned in the text. We have plans on generating classifiers for slot value extraction purposes. Furthermore  , on extracting slot values  , pattern matching might not be the best options but definitely can produce some good results at hand. This automatic slot filling system contains three steps. For the Streaming Slot Filling task  , our system achieved the goal of filling slots by employing a pattern learning and matching method. In evaluations  , we only vary the definition pattern matching module while holding constant all other components and their parameters. In our experiments  , the base definition generation system used is the system discussed in Section 2 and illustrated in Figure 1. Additionally  , ultrasonic diagnosis images were obtained for which pattern matching was performed to measure the virtual target position. At the time  , both the force acting on the needle and the displacement of the needle were measured. Normally  , the For the detection of the same object rotated around the z-axis of the image plane  , the template has to be rotated and searched from scratch. Detection time with angle increment 6 5 5 varies between 2-4 seconds. Pattern Matching In our case  , a highly optimized routine of the MATROX library 19  was employed using hierarchical search. In other words  , the object features used for pattern matching refer to the latter distribution. For a particular object template  , they consist of a representation of the distribution of the object's color histogram. We emphasize that nothing is encoded about how t o construct a successor node from a given node. Our stereo-vision system has been designed specifically for QRIO. If there are other peaks with similar matching scores then the disparity computation is ambiguous repeating pattern and the reliability is set to a low value. Each sign is recognized by matching the operator's finger positions to the corresponding pattern acquired during calibration. The operator communicates to the robot via four hand signs: point  , preshape  , halt  , and estop emergency stop. Each of the 41 QA track runs ~ ,vas re-scored using the pattern matching judgments. In addition  , assessors accepted various model numbers such as Peugeot 405s  , 309s  , 106s  , 504s  , 505s  , 205s  , and 306s. However they are quite often used probably  , unconsciously! The main challenge here has been that two sequences are almost never identical. The testing system of improved pre-decode pattern matching circuit is described in Figure 7. . The experiment environment is Xilinx Virtex4 xc4vlx200 which is synthesis by Synplify and is implemented by ISE. which the other components on this level rely. Typical examples of parameter estimators are pattern matching with video cameras; collision prediction; detection of task switching conditions; identification of dynamic parameters of the load of the system; etc. Each size of the model of quadrangle  , each location of the pattern matching model  , and the location of the center of iris are established. Fig.5shows an example of model location setting on the basis of the inputted eye image. An online pattern matching mechanism comparing the sensor stream to the entire library of already known contexts is  , however  , computational complex and not yet suitable for today's wearable devices. Therefore  , an ongoing monitoring of the sensor stream is needed. In general  , introducing uncertainty into pattern discovery in temporal event sequences will risk for the computational complexity problem. However  , within an uncertain interval   , the computational complexity for matching increases. The time points are identified for the best matching of the segments with pattern templates. Moreover  , the time points identified using different dlen are independent comparing Fig.l7a with Fig.17@ and Fig.lBa with Fig.l8@. Second  , we allow for some degree of tolerance when we try to establish a matching between the vertex-coordinates of the pattern and its supporting transaction. some of which are shown in Figure 2b. Entity annotation systems  , datasets and configurations like experiment type  , matching or measure are implemented as controller interfaces easily pluggable to the core controller. GERBIL abides by a service-oriented architecture driven by the model-view-controller pattern see Figure 1. Whenever a context change is detected  , the change is immediately examined to decide its influence on pat. In contrast  , each pattern  , say pat  , maintains a matching queue to store the last matched context instances i.e. , pat. words are mapped to their base forms thus completely solving the problem with the generation of plural forms. Unlike the approach presented in this paper  , PORE does not incorporate world knowledge  , which would be necessary for ontology building and extension. PORE is a holistic pattern matching approach  , which has been implemented for relation-instance extraction from Wikipedia. Most approaches applicable to our problem formulation use some form of pattern matching to identify definition sentences. The learned soft patterns are used to judge whether sentences are definitional. In a similar fashion  , it keeps track of the provenance of all entities being retrieved in the projections getEntity. For each molecule inspected  , our system keeps track of the provenance of any triple matching the current pattern being handled checkIfTripleExists. Similar to most existing approaches  , our information extractor can only be applied to web pages with uniform format. □ When matching a URL with a pattern there are three outcomes: These techniques have also been used to extend WordNet by Wikipedia individuals 21 . These approaches use information extraction technologies that include pattern matching  , natural-language parsing  , and statistical learning 25  , 9  , 4  , 1  , 23  , 20  , 8 . Multi-level grouping can be efficiently supported in V ERT G . After that  , in the second phase we use the table indices on values  , together with the result from pattern matching  , to perform grouping and compute aggregate functions. Details can be found in 26. From a matching logic perspective  , unlike in other program verification logics  , program variables like root are not logical variables; they are simple syntactic constants. Variables like  ?root are existentially quantified over the pattern  , while E  , T  , H  , C are free. The system scaffolds the creation of a transformation by automatically generating initial patterns from a textual selection in source code. The authors of the data set  , Zimmermann et al. All experiments reported in this section are conducted in a Sun Linux cluster with 20 nodes running CentOS 5  , x86_64 edition. Breakpoint preparation asks GDB to set a number of breakpoints on lines which could possibly correspond to events requested by a fget. If a token is found in a database  , this information is added to token feature. Our approach combines a number of complementary technologies  , including information retrieval and various linguistic and extraction tools e.g. , parsing  , proposition recognition  , pattern matching and relation extraction for analyzing text. In TREC 2003 QA  , we focused on definitional questions. The weight of the matched sub-tree of a pattern is defined by the formula: For the evaluation of the importance of partially matching sub-trees we use a scoring scheme defined in Kouylekov and Tanev  , 2004. We describe herein a Web based pattern mining and matching approach to question answering. The power of textual patterns for question answering looks quite amazing and stimulating to us. The system overview is shown in Fig.2. In the data set  , we are given 4 months of data October 2011 -February 2012 as training data. The traditional method employed by PowerAnswer to extract nuggets is to execute a definition pattern matching module. For this reason we used the semantic classifications generated by our named entity recognizer to discover such relations when looking for relevant passages. Third  , further work needs to be done for answering Other questions for events. For either representation  , we first drop unnecessary punctuation marks and phrases such as " socalled " or " approximately " . This subsection gives an overview of the basic ideas and describes recent enhancements to improve the recall of answer extraction. In 1   , we discussed our pattern matching approach in detail. Graph matching has been a research focus for decades 2  , especially in pattern recognition  , where the wealth of literature cannot be exhausted. Yet usually  , there are many possible ways to syntactically express one piece of semantic information making a na¨ıvena¨ıve syntactic " pattern matching " approach problematic at best. This would be less expensive than the semantic approach. Since they end with the word died  , we use pattern matching to remove them from the historic events. The dates of death serve as a baseline since they are likely represented by a single sentence in Wikipedia. Automatic music summarization approaches can be classified into machine learning based approaches 1 ,2 ,3 and pattern matching based approaches 4 ,5 ,6. Automatic music summarization and video summarization have attracted research activity in the past few years. An interesting goal of an intelligent IRS may be to retrieve information which can be deduced from the basic knowledoe given by the thesaurus. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : Further difficulties result from the occurrence of grammatical and spelling errors  , which are very common in unpublished communications 11. We take both patterns and test instances as sequences of lexical and syntactic tokens. When conducted on free texts  , an IE system can also suffer from various unseen instances not being matched by trained patterns. Here  , " Architecture " is an expression of the pattern-matching sublanguage. A book has an introduction  , a number of chapters  , a bibliography and chapter parent title same " Architecture "   , is the set of all chapters of all books titled " Architecture " . Other words in the question might be represented in the question by a synonym which will not be found by simple pattern matching. Proper nouns from the question are going to be represented in any paragraph containing a possible answer. We have shown that a mixed algebra and type model can be used to perform algebraic specification and optimization of scientific computations. Com* * Work partially funded by the EGov IST Project and by the Wisdom project  , http://wisdom.lip6.fr. Using it for pattern matching promises much higher efficiency than using the original record. The information contained in a single character in the CAS encoding includes information about all preceeding characters in the string. This is the biggest challenge of rewriting XSLT into XQuery. The main difference is however  , that XSLT templates are activated as a result of dynamic pattern matching while XQuery functions are invoked explicitly. The rules with the highest weights then indicate the recommenders to be applied. The third interaction module that we implemented is a rhythmic phrase-matching improvisation module. Arm i plays a phrase based on a probabilistic striking pattern  , which can be described as a vector of probabilities Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. A similar landmark is used in 7  , two concentric circles that produce in the sensor image an elliptical edge. This ensures that there is no simple pattern  , such as the query always precisely matching the title of the page in question. In other cases words were added or omitted. Although we endeavored to keep queries short  , we did not sacrifice preciseness to do so. At the end of this phase  , the logical database subset has been produced. This means that all data has to be imported and converted once  , making it less suitable for Web views. Modifying these lists is an easy task and was successfully carried out by non-expert users. In the Collocation matching activity  , students compete in pairs to match parts of a collocation pattern. LLDL is particularly useful for learning collocations because it contains a large amount of genuine text and provides useful search facilities. Listing 1 shows an example query. XSPARQL extends XQuery by two additional grammar expressions: the SparqlForClause to use SPARQL's graph pattern matching facility including operators  , and the ConstructClause to allow straightforward creation of RDF graphs. Then the position data are transmitted to each the satellite. The CCD camera installed over the flat floor detmnines the positions of the satellites by the pattern matching to markers drown on the satellites. For assessing pattern validity  , we use a simple measure based on the relative frequency of matching contexts in the context set. More specialized patterns have lower thresholds  , but are only induced if the induction of more general patterns fails. The procedure of creating start-point list is illustrated in Fig. Since the malicious part is encrypted  , the behavior of the active virus cannot be determined by program code checking. Others 51  , 32 can automatically infer rules by mining existing software; they raise warnings if violations of the rules occur. Most of the pattern-matching tools 10  , 14  , 13  , 9 require users to specify the buggy templates. Figure 2illustrates two patterns: 1 somebody enters Classroom 2464; 2 somebody is staying in some place.  We propose two optimizations based on semantic information like object and property  , which can further enhance the query performance. V ERT G inherits all the advantages of VERT  , including the efficiency in matching complex query pattern. Thus at the end of initialization  , each tp-node has a BitMat associated with it which contains only the triples matching that triple pattern. Note that all these operations are done directly on the compressed BitMats. In general we observed that a small but specific set of attributes are sufficient indicators of a navigational page. Note that we use rounded rectangles to depict extraction steps and hexagons to depict pattern matching steps. While Prolog is based on unification and backtracking  , B is based on a simple but powerful pattern-matching mechanism whose application is guided by tactics. 111 that sense  , it has a similar philosophy as a Prolog interpreter. The scope of these free variables is restricted to the rule where they appear just like for Prolog clauses. In this first rule  , X and Y are used as free variables for the pattern matching. For example  , one instrumentation rule states " Measure the response time of all calls to JDBC " . Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed. First  , we plan to support additional features such as ordering and aggregation in result customization. Leading data structures utilized for this purpose are suffix trees 11 and suffix arrays 2. For brevity  , we have omitted most of the components used to support keyword queries. For example  , Figure 1shows an example query plan for a path query in which some constraints involve standard graph pattern matching. For example  , suppose an input text contains 20 desired data records  , and a maximal repeat that occurs 25 times enumerates 18 of them. The matching percentage is used because the pattern may contain only a portion of the data record. In our work  , a rule-based approach using string pattern matching is applied to generate a set of features. Advanced features can be inferred using rulebased approaches or machine-learning approaches. 5  employed a simple method which defines several manuallyconstructed definition patterns to extract definition phrases. Using standard negation as failure here as in 4  , would let the bound negation succeed. For example  , the extended VarTrees and TagTrees of example Q1 and Q2 are depicted in Figure 6respectively. In reporting on KMS for TREC 2004  , we described in detail the major types of functions employed: XML  , linguistic  , dictionary  , summarization  , and miscellaneous string and pattern matching. This method only obtained 9 additional answers in TREC 2005. They are sorted according to question types and can handle more anchor terms. A list of over 150 positive and negative precomputed patterns is loaded into memory. The composition of the patterns  , the testing methodology  , and the results  , are detailed in Fernandes  , 2004. Examples of sentences from the corpus matching each pattern are shown in Figure 5  , with emphasis on targets from this year's competition . It does not have natural language understanding capabilities  , but employs simple pattern matching and statistics. Our QA system is constructed using methods of classical IR  , enhanced with simple heuristics. The idea of partial pattern matching is based on the assumption that the answer is usually surrounded by keywords and their synonyms. , " When was the first camera invented "   , etc. Geometric hashing 14 has been proposed aa a technique for fast indexing. Efficient indexing based matching of two and three dimensional 2D/3D models to their views in images has been addressed in computer vision and pattern recognition. So the translation between these constructs is straightforward. The strategy of the pattern-matching can be ruled by an action planner able to dynamically define partial goals to reach. -Application step : It consists in the execution of an elementary operation item substitution  , item comparison  , .. An extension of the cascade of Figure 19.6 in two dimensions with k cascades can be used to do pattern matching operations with respect to k distinct patterns. The system tries to infer new knowledge right after the publication operation. This principle will be applied decoupling the functional properties from the non functional properties matching. In the broker design  , we intent to create a discovery pattern that will be based on the well-known principle of the " separation of concerns " . The other extracts the structure in some way from the text parsing  , recognizing markup  , etc. One of them indexes the text to answer text pattern-matching queries this indexing is performed by the text engine. We conduct a series of extrinsic experiments using the two soft pattern models on TREC definitional QA task test data. In addition to our theoretical work  , we also assess the performance of the formal soft matching models by empirical evaluation. Definition pattern matching is the most important feature used for identifying definitions. Systems fielded at TREC rank definition sentences using two sets of features: definition patterns and bagof-words pertinent to the target. Providing formal models for modeling contextual lexico-syntactic patterns is the main contribution of this work. The models can help IE systems overcome difficulties caused by language variations in pattern matching. With the help of appropriate hardware  , it is easy to fast realize. We assume that the occurrence of significant patterns in nonchronological order is more likely to arise as a local phenomenon than a global one. In this work  , a significant pattern is obtained from the matching of a pair of sequences. The grep program searches one or more input files for lines containing a match to a specified pattern  , and prints out matching lines. We choose grep-2.2 as the subject program in this study. We can therefore define the notion of a strand  , which is a set of substrings that share one same matching pattern. For each substring  , the bounding boxes indicate the parts that match exactly with S 2 . In the tradeoff between space and time  , most existing graph matching approaches assume static data graphs and hence prefer to pre-compute the transitive closure or build variablelength path indexes to trade space for efficient pattern matching. This is known as the transitive closure of a graph. For instantiation   , we exploit an index as well as a pattern library that links properties with natural language predicates. In a next step  , c has to be instantiated by a matching class  , in the case of using DBpedia onto:Film  , and p has to be instantiated with a matching property  , in this case onto:producer. A data record is said to be enumerated by a maximal repeat if the matching percentage is greater than a bound determined by the user. Pattern inflexibility: Whether using corpus-based learning techniques or manually creating patterns  , to our knowledge all previous systems create hard-coded rules that require strict matching i.e. , matching slot by slot. These approaches have two shortcomings that we have identified and address in this work: 1. Although such hard patterns are widely used in information extraction 10  , we feel that definition sentences display more variation and syntactic flexibility that may not be captured by hard patterns. In addition to surface text pattern matching  , we also adopt N-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. The answer patterns used in ILQUA are automatically summarized by a supervised learning system and represented in form of regular expressions which contain multiple question terms. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate passages and a list of named entities are extracted as answer candidate. We empirically showed that these two search paradigms outperform other search techniques  , including the ones that perform exact matching of normalized expressions or subexpressions and the one that performs keyword search. We characterized several possible approaches to this problem   , and we elaborated two working systems that exploit the structure of mathematical expressions for approximate match: structural similarity search and pattern matching. The input sources include data from lexico-syntactical pattern matching  , head matching and subsumption heuristics applied to domain text. This method converts evidence into first order logic features  , and then uses standard classifiers supervised machine learning on the integrated data to find good combinations of input sources. Afterwards  , the location of eye can be measured by detecting a agreement part with the paltern matching model in the eye image input. At first  , the pattern matching model is memorized on the basis of eye image which was captured previously. In this paper  , we have proposed  , designed and implemented a pattern matching NIDS based on CIDF architecture and mature intrusion detection technology  , and presented the detailed scheme and frame structure. It speeds up the matching and significantly increases the detection speed of IDS. In a first pilot study 71  , we determined whether the tasks have suitable difficulty and length. The syntax errors we introduced can be located without understanding the execution of the program; they merely require some kind of pattern matching. The relationship between context instances and patterns is called the matching relation  , which is mathematically represented by the belong-to set operator . Intuitively  , each pattern categorizes a set of context instances. Wang et al 41 have presented an approach called Positive-Only Relation Extraction PORE. With that improvement one can still write filenames such as *.txt. We first have to introduce an additional XPath function Named match to allow Unix filename pattern matching within XPath. The matching problem is then defined as verifying whether GS is embedded in GP or isomorphic to one or more subgraphs of GP . We denote GP as the publication graph and GS as the subscription graph pattern. All the possible axes were permitted except ancestor  , ancestor-self  , following and preceding. In the following section  , we will describe two techniques that we have introduced to minimize the number of these instructions. We simply take their common prefixes as patterns since different parameters are usually at the end of URLs. One class of approaches focuses on extracting knowledge structures automatically from text corpora. In order to define these two functions we need the statistics defined in Table 1 . Consequently   , for i ≥ 1  , we estimate the cost of matching a pattern as: costpi = f rontierpi−1 × explorepi. It is less restrictive than subgraph isomorphism  , and can be determined in quadratic time 16. To reduce the complexity and capture the need of novel applications  , graph simulation 16 has been adopted for pattern matching 5  , 13. // " -axis query and documents with recursively appearing tags  , file scan is neither efficient  , nor effective to return correct answers. For example  , we use the POS tag sequence between the entity pairs as a candidate extraction pattern. Our extraction patterns are based on both the general POS tags and the strict keyword matching. KIM has a rule-based  , human-engineered IE system  , which uses the ontology structure during pattern matching and instance disambiguation. For new previously unknown entities  , new instances are added to the semantic repository. In order to express extractions of parts of the messages a pattern matching approach is chosen. The conditional equations use the binary function equala  , b which is a predefined expression of TPTP syntax and represents the equality relation. 2 Specification based on set-theoretic notations. So we can retrieve related information by pattern matching using a subspace as a unit actually with some generic information in knowledge structure which contains more information than a predicate in logical formulas. Seven propositions  , or " patterns " in were found. A pattern matching technique was used  , in which several pieces of information from one or more cases are related to a theoretical proposition. In typical document search  , it is also commonly used– e.g. , a user can put " " around keywords to specify matching these keywords as a phrase. Our FiST system matches twig patterns holistically using the idea of encoding XML documents and twig patterns into Prüfer sequences 17. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. Since the automata model was originally designed for matching patterns over strings  , it is a natural paradigm for structural pattern retrieval on XML token streams 7  , 8  , 4. State-of-the-Art. Then  , this information is encoded as an Index Fabric key and inserted into the index. Users can request creation of a track by giving patterns for instrument names. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 The algebraic properties of AS allow us to quickly calculate the AS of an n-gram from the CAS encoded record. To achieve this goal we should re-formulate queries avoiding " redundant " conditions. The efficiency of the matching operation greatly depends on the size of the pattern 8  , so it is crucial to have queries of minimum size. This allows us to detect if the equation contains certain types of common algebraic structures . Here  , pattern matching can be considered probabilistic generation of test sequences based on training sequences. Previously  , a list of over 200 positive and negative pre-computed patterns was loaded into memory. We rely on hand-crafted pattern-matching rules to identify the main headings  , in order to build different indices and allow for field-based search. The documents contain different sections  , with their corresponding headings. To identify the target of a question  , pattern matching is applied to assign one of the 18 categories to the question. The two missing categories what:X and unknown will shortly be dis- cussed. Unlike previous work  , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. Deep learning structures are well formulated to describe instinct semantic representations. Deep learning with bottom-up transfer DL+BT: A deep learning approach with five-layer CAES and one fully connected layer. Deep learning with no transfer DL 14: A deep learning approach with five convolutional layers and three fully connected layers. 4. However  , using deep learning for temporal recommendation has not yet been extensively studied. Using deep learning approaches for recommendation systems has recently received many attentions 20  , 21  , 22. When further integrating transfer learning to deep learning  , DL+TT  , DL+BT and DL+FT achieve better performance than the DL approach. This shows stronger learning and generalization abilities of deep learning than the hand-crafted features. In this paper  , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. Our approach provides a novel point of view to Wikipedia quality classification. Deep learning is an emerging research field today and  , to our knowledge  , our work is the first one that applied deep learning for assessing quality of Wikipedia articles. Besides  , the idea of deep learning has motivated researchers to use powerful generative models with deep architectures to learn better discriminative models 21. 1a and 1b. 42 proposed deep learning approach modeling source code. White et al. By adopting cross-domain learning ideas  , DTL 28 and GFK 10 were superior to the Tag ranking  , but were inferior to the deep learning-based approach DL. Our learning to rank method is based on a deep learning model for advanced text representations using distributional word embeddings . Wang & Manning  , 2010 35 develop a probabilistic Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. 23 took advantage of learning deep belief nets to classify facial action units in realistic face images. Susskind et al. The relation between deep learning and emotion is given in Sect. Section 3 describes human and robot emotion. Recent developments in representation learning deep learning 5 have enabled the scalable learning of such models. Thus  , vector representations of words appearing in similar contexts will be close to each other. We use a variation of these models 28  to learn word vector representation word embeddings that we track across time. We consider MV-DNN as a general Deep learning approach in the multi-view learning setup. In literature  , multi-view learning is a well-studied area which learns from data that do not share common feature space 27. Many researchers recognize that even exams tend to evaluate surface learning   , and that deep learning is not something that would surface until long after a course has finished 5 . However  , measuring learning is very difficult to do reliably in practice. We propose the DL2R system based on three novel insights: 1 the integration of multidimension of ranking evidences  , 2 context-based query reformulations with ranked lists fusion  , and 3 deep learning framework for the conversational task. Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. We conducted personal photo tagging on 7 ,000 real personal photos and personal photo search on the MIT-Adobe FiveK photo dataset. Additionally  , we report the results from a recent deep learning system in 38 that has established the new state-of-the-art results in the same setting. We report the results of our deep learning model on the TRAIN and TRAIN-ALL sets also when additional word overlap features are used. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. Together with the self-learning knowledge base  , NRE makes a deep injection possible. Allamanis and Sutton 3 trains n-gram language model a giga-token source code corpus. When dealing with small amounts of labelled data  , starting from pre-trained word embeddings is a large step towards successfully training an accurate deep learning system. First  , was the existing state of the art  , Flat-COTE  , significantly better than current deep learning approaches for TSC ? We set out to address two questions. Second  , we propose reducing the visual appearance gap by applying deep learning techniques. Furthermore  , the correlations between different concepts have not been fully exploited in previous research. On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. This challenge can deteriorate the performance of the hand-crafted feature-based approaches. Some of them are deep cost of learning and large size of action-state space. However there are some significant problems in applying it to real robot tasks. Then  , we learn the combinations of different modalities by multi kernel learning. Next we give details of how deep learning techniques such as convolution and stacking can be used to obtain hierarchical representations of the different modalities. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos  , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. Section 2 describes related work. for which the discontinuities only remain for the case of deep penetrations. Comparison of Machine Learning methods for training sets of decreasing size. However  , despite its impressive performance Flat-COTE has certain deficiencies. We demonstrate that Flat-COTE is significantly better than both deep learning approaches. We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. We explain the work about question answering from database or knowledge base using deep learning in which only question answer pairs and the database or knowledge base are used in construction of the system 4  , 28  , 38  , 41  , 1  , 43  , 42 We introduce the recent progress in image retrieval using deep learning in which only images and their associated texts questions are used as training data 15  , 14  , 17  , 36  , 24  , 23. If an injection succeeds  , it serves as an example of the IKM learning from experience and eventually producing a valid set of values. 27 empirically showed that having more queries but shallow documents performed better than having less queries but deep documents. Query Selection for Learning to Rank: For query level active learning  , Yilmaz et al. From the experimental results   , we can see that SAE model outperforms other machine learning methods. Next  , we describe our deep learning model and describe our experiments. In the following  , we give a problem formulation and provide a brief overview of learning to rank approaches. Word2Vec 6 provides vector representation of words by using deep learning. Therefore  , we used only the MeSH-CD indexing strategy and the Metamap strategy for building the queries. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. Moreover  , our created lexicon outperforms the competitive counterpart on emotion classification task. scoring  , and ranked list fusion. Therefore   , all these heterogeneous ranking evidences are integrated together through the proposed Deep Learning-to-Respond schema. However  , there are some significant problems in applying it to them. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications  , e.g. , learning to rank for Microblog retrieval and answer reranking for Question Answering. Thus  , our solution successfully combines together two traditionally important aspects of IR: unsupervised learning of text representations word embeddings from neural language model and learning on weakly supervised data. Our work is taking advantage of deep models to extract robust facial features and translate them to recognize facial emotions. Viola and Jones 20  , 21 In recent years  , deep learning arouses academia and industrial attentions due to its magic in computer vision. In our work we propose a novel deep learning approach extended from the Deep Structured Semantic Models DSSM 9 to map users and items to a shared semantic space and recommend items that have maximum similarity with users in the mapped space. With these abundantly available user online activities   , recommending relevant items can be achieved more efficiently and effectively. In this paper we address the aforementioned challenges through a novel Deep Tensor for Probabilistic Recommendation DTPR method. It would be interesting to adopt deep learning in one or more of the tensor modes and assess its effectiveness on tensor completion. The instance learning method presented in the paper has been experimentally evaluated on a dataset of 100 Deep Web Pages randomly selected from most known Deep Web Sites. It is noteworthy that versions of MDR and ViNTs available on the Web allow for performing only data record extraction. Table 1reports the precision  , recall and F-measure calculated for the proposed method. In addition  , a comparison between a state-of-the-art BoVW approach and our deep multi-label CNN was performed on the publicly available  , fully annotated NUSWIDE scene dataset 7 . The models were trained and fine-tuned using the deep learning framework Caffe 12. learn to extract a meaningful representation for each review text for different products using a deep learning approach in an unsupervised fashion 9. More similar to our work  , Bengio et al. Deep learning with full transfer DL+FT i.e. , bottom-up and top-down transfer: The same architecture and training set as DL+BT except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. 8.  We introduce a deep learning model for prediction. We introduce a set of novel features to characterize user behaviors and task repetition patterns for this new problem Section 4.3. For each of the features  , we describe our motivation and the method used for extraction below. In this work  , we consider five such features namely gist  , texture  , color  , gradient and deep learning features. The mentorship dataset is collected from 16 famous universities such as Carnegie Mellon and Stanford in the field of computer science. The proposed deep learning model was applied to the data collected from the Academic Genealogy Wiki project. In this paper  , we propose a " deep learning-to-respond " framework for open-domain conversation systems. Therefore  , capturing and integrating as much information as possible in a proper way is important for conversation systems. Given a query with context  , the proposed model would return a response—which has the highest overall merged ranking score F. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema.  Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. The ARC approach is a CNN based method with convolutionary layers which construct sentence representations and produce the final matching scores via a MLP layer 7. The short-term history of the user was then used to recommend specific news articles within the selected groups. It yielded semantically accurate results and well-localized segmentation maps. We presented a deep learning methodology for human part segmentation that uses refinements based on a stack of upconvolutional layers. In this experiment  , the magazine page detection time is measured for four scenarios with all 4 types of features. In addition  , deep learning technologies can be implemented in further research. Deep learning has recently been proposed for building recommendation systems for both collaborative and content based approaches. Recently  , ranking based objective function has shown to be more effective in giving better recommendation as shown in 11. In Sections 4 and 5  , we introduce the detailed mechanisms of contextual query reformulation and the deep learning-to-respond architecture. In Section 3  , we describe the task modeling and proposed framework for conversation systems. We also consider recently published results on 44 datasets from a TSC-specific CNN implemen- tation 18. However  , the current state of the art is confirmed to be Flat-COTE and our next objective is to evaluate whether HIVE-COTE is a significant improvement. It demonstrates promise  , and warrants further investigation of deep learning applications to TSC. First  , we have designed an ontology specific for personal photos from 10 ,000 active users in Flickr. To address the above issues  , we present a novel transfer deep learning approach with ontology priors to tag personal photos. Deep learning with top-down transfer DL+TT: The same architecture and training set as DL except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. 6. Our model also outperforms a deep learning based model while avoiding the problem of having to retrain embeddings on every iteration. Character ngrams alone fare very well in these noisy data sets. This ranking based objective has shown to be better for recommendation systems 9. Our deep learning model has a ranking based objective which aims at ranking positive examples items that users like higher than negative examples. We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques  , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . It is given by To assess the effectiveness and generality of our deep learning model for text matching  , we apply it on tweet reranking task. Our setup replicates the experiments in 27 to allow for comparing to their model. The framework can integrate other information such as reviewer's information  , product information  , etc. This work is a first step towards learning deep semantics of review content using skip-thought vectors in review rating prediction. The learned representations can be used in realizing the tasks  , with often enhanced performance . We first point out when we apply deep learning to the problems  , we in fact learn representations of natural language in the problems. In the second phase  , we trained the DNN model on the training set by using tensorflow 8   , the deep learning library from Google. Therefore  , we have a dataset of 30 ,000 same length vectors. We randomly select 80% nodes as the training set and the rest as the testing set. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 40 . Research in 978-1-4799-5569-5/14/$31.00 c 2014 IEEE. For each type of metrics  , there are also some speed-up techniques that can be used to enhance the system such as integral image. As mentioned earlier weather data has many specific characteristics which depend on time and spatial location. Thus higher resolution data with large number of training instances should be used in deep learning. Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding. Our research builds on summarization systems by identifying core concepts that are central ideas in a scientific domain. On the second task  , our model demonstrates that previous state-of-the-art retrieval systems can benefit from using our deep learning model. Our model shows a considerable improvement on the first task beating recent stateof-the-art system. This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. Code is available at https://github.com/li-xirong/hierse Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 11. We use the output of FC7  , the second fully-connected layer  , which results in a feature vector of length F = 4096. We implement a CNN using a common framework and conduct experiments on 85 datasets. Our work seeks to address two questions: first  , is Flat-COTE more accurate than deep learning approaches for TSC ? Here we adopted an approach similar to 46  , but with a topic model that enhances submission correctness and provides a self-learning knowledge expansion model. These crawlers are referred to as " deep crawlers " 10 or " hidden crawlers " 29 34 46. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema. For continuous conversations  , contexts can be used to optimize the response selection for the given query. Gradients can be back-propagated all the way back from merging  , ranking  , sentence pairing  , to individual sentence modeling. Given a human-issued message as the query  , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. In this paper  , we propose to establish an automatic conversation system between humans and computers. We believe that having an explicit symbolic representation is an advantage to vector-based models like deep learning because of direct interpretability . Therefore   , we are going to use the JoBimText framework 5  to create symbolic conceptualizations . Another future line of research will be performing human part segmentation in videos while exploiting the temporal context. A widely used method for traffic speed prediction is the autoregressive integrated moving average ARIMA model 1. Moreover  , our study sheds light on how to learn road segment importance from deep learning models. In this paper  , we proposed a novel deep learning method called eRCNN for traffic speed prediction of high accuracy. In particular  , we illustrate how to explore the congestion sources from eRCNN. All of our code and data is available from a public code repository and accompanying website 2 . Consequently we decided to instead identify evidence of 'critical thinking' by capturing the transcripts of the students' communication events and by interviewing them on their perceptions of the benefits of the technologies. We explain methods that can be used for learning the representations in matching 22  , 10  , 37  , translation 33  , 6  , 2  , 8  , classification 13  , 16  , 44  , and structured prediction 7  , 34  , 5. While our model allows for learning the word embeddings directly for a given task  , we keep the word matrix parameter W W W static. We choose the dimensionality of our word embeddings to be 50 to be on the line with the deep learning model of 38. We propose several effective and scalable dimensionality reduction techniques that reduce the dimension to a reasonable size without the loss of much information. One challenge in using deep learning to model rich user features is the high dimension of the feature space which makes the learning inefficient and may impact the generalization ability of the model. This section explains our deep learning model for reranking short text pairs. In the following  , we first describe our sentence model for mapping queries and documents to their intermediate representations and then describe how they can be used for learning semantic matching between input query-document pairs. In this paper  , we present a novel framework for learning term weights using distributed representations of words from the deep learning literature. Word vectors may also be useful for identifying terms that should be the focus of query expansion or terms that would be good expansion terms. Instead of relying solely on the anomalous features and extracting them greedily  , we have used deep learning approach of learning and subsequently reducing the feature set. This calls for feature reduction or feature extraction from the original set of features  , before going into classification. Recent  , deep learning has shown its success in feature learning for many computer vision problem  , You et al. 2014 assume that the images belong to the same sentiment share the same low-level visual features is often not true  , because positive and negative images may have similar low-level visual features  , e.g. , two black-white images contain smiling and sad faces respectively. The research goal of the project is to test the hypothesis that this deep customization can lead to dramatic improvements in teaching and learning. Customization support is done at the level of individual learning concepts and progressions  , not just at the level of broad course topics. We motivate the framework by adopting the word vectors to represent terms and further to represent the query due to the ability to represent things semantically of word vectors. The characteristics of requiring very little engineering by hand makes it easily discover interesting patterns from large-scale social media data. The key aspect of deep learning is that it automatically learns features from raw data using a generalpurpose learning procedure  , instead of designing features by human engineers6 .  Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. Unsupervised hashing: Cross-View Hashing CVH 6 13 and Inter-Media Hashing IMH 4 20  are unsupervised hashing methods that extend spectral hashing to exploit the local structure of multimodal data for learning binary codes. The method is based on: i a novel positional document object model that represents both spatial and visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of Web browser in rendered Deep Web pages; ii a novel visual similarity measure that exploit the rectangular cardinal relation spatial model for computing visual similarity between nodes of the PDOM. In this paper has been presented a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages.  Supervised hashing: Cross-Modal Similarity-Sensitive Hashing CMSSH 6 5  , Semantic Correlation Maximization SCM 28   , and Quantized Correlation Hashing QCH are supervised hashing methods which embed multimodal data into a common Hamming space using supervised metric learning. Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. The model consists of several components: a Deep Semantic Structured Model DSSM 11 to model user static interests; two LSTM-based temporal models to capture daily and weekly user temporal patterns; and an LSTM temporal model to capture global user interests. Specifically  , in this work  , we propose a multi-rate temporal deep learning model that jointly optimizes long-term and short-term user interests to improve the recommendation quality. DL + FT achieved the best Tag ranking DTL GFK DLFlickr DL DL+TT DL+BT DL+FT DL+withinDomain Figure 7: The top-N error rates of different approaches for tagging personal photos and an ideal performance obtained by training and testing on ImageNet denoted as DL+withinDomain. Specifically   , in our data sets with News  , Apps and Movie/TV logs  , instead of building separate models for each of the domain that naively maps the user features to item features within the domain  , we build a novel multi-view model that discovers a single mapping for user features in the latent space such that it is jointly optimized with features of items from all domains. We found that though our method gives results that are quite similar to the baseline case when prediction is done in 6 h before the event  , it gives significantly better performance when prediction is done 24 h and 48 h before the events. In this work we have explored a machine learning technique namely deep learning with SAE to learn and represent weather features and use them to predict extreme rainfall events. While the problemtailored heuristics and the search-oriented heuristics require deep knowledge on the problem characteristics to design problem-solving procedures or to specify the search space  , the learning-based heuristics try t o automatically capture the search control knowledge or the common features of good solutions t o solve the given problem. According t o the design methodology  , the heuristics for the MSP can be classified into problemtailored heuristics  13  , search-oriented heuristics 7   , arid learning-based heuristics a . This paper focuses on the development of a learning-based heuristic for the MSP. Deep learning approaches generalize the distributional word matching problem to matching sentences and take it one step further by learning the optimal sentence representations for a given task. Recently  , it has been shown that the problem of semantic text matching can be efficiently tackled using distributional word matching   , where a large number of lexical semantic resources are used for matching questions with a candidate answer 33. On the other  , although ImageNet 6 can provide accurate supervised information  , the two significant gaps  , i.e. , the semantic distribution and visual appearance gaps between the two domains pose grand challenges to personal photo tagging. The main contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this paper is one of the first attempts to design a domain-specific ontology for personal photos and solve the tagging problem by transfer deep learning. This has certain advantages like a very fast training procedure that can be applied to massive amounts of data  , as well as a better understanding of the model compared to increasingly popular deep learning architectures e.g. , He et al. Our model is primarily based on simple empirical statistics acquired from a training dataset and relies on a very small number of learned parameters. It also addresses the user cold start problem effectively since the model allows us to capture user interests from queries and recommend related items say music even if they do not have any history on using music services. We also showed how to extend this framework to combine data from different domains to further improve the recommendation quality. In this work  , we presented a general recommendation framework that uses deep learning to match rich user features to items features. Despite the fact that most of the evaluation in this paper used proprietary data  , the framework should be able to generalize to other data sources without much additional effort as shown in Section 9 using a small public data set. As a pilot study  , we believe that this work has opened a new door to recommendation systems using deep learning from multiple data sources. To understand the content of the ad creative from a visual perspective  , we tag the ad image with the Flickr machine tags  , 17 namely deep-learning based computer vision classifiers that automatically recognize the objects depicted in a picture a person  , or a flower. Image. Similar to our work  , to predict CTR for display ads  , 4 and 23 propose to exploit a set of hand-crafted image and motion features and deep learning based visual features  , respectively . In our work  , we go beyond text-only features  , using visual features extracted from the ad creative image. Traditional Aesthetic Predictor: What if existing aesthetic frameworks were general enough to assess crowdsourced beauty ? For each picture in our ground truth  , we query the MIT popularity API 8   , a recently proposed framework that automatically predicts image popularity scores in terms of normalized view count score given visual cues  , such as colors and deep learning features Khosla  , Das Sarma  , and Hamid 2014. We create a huge conversational dataset from Web  , and the crawled data are stored as an atomic unit of natural conversations: an utterance  , namely a posting  , and its reply. Till now  , we have validated that deep learning structures  , contextual reformulations and integrations of multi-dimensions of ranking evidences are effective. Since conversations are open with more than one appropriate responses  , MAP and nDCG scores indicate the full capacity of the retrieval systems. To give deep insights into the proposed model  , we illustrate these two aspects by using intuitive examples in detail. Specially  , learning semantic representations of review content using skipthought vectors and filling in missing values of aspect ratings show advantages on improving the accuracy of rating prediction. Experimental results show that high-quality representation of review content and complete aspect ratings play important roles in improving prediction accuracy. At the same time it is not possible to tune the word embeddings on the training set  , as it will overfit due to the small number of the query-tweet pairs available for training. This has a negative impact on the performance of our deep learning model since around 40% of the word vectors are randomly initialized. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos  , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. In order to scale the system up  , we propose several dimensionality reduction techniques to reduce the number of features in the user view. In practice  , the proposed deep learning approach often needs to handle a huge amount of training examples in high dimensional feature spaces for the user view. Experiments on several large-scale real-world data sets indicated that the proposed approach worked much better than other systems by large margin. Given that the image features we consider are based on a state-ofthe-art deep learning library  , it is interesting to compare the performance of image-related features with a similar signal derived from the crowd. Further adding information about the crowd-indicated category gives us an extremely accurate model with an accuracy of 0.88. Data augmentation  , in our context  , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. To compute the similarity score we use an approach used in the deep learning model of 38  , which recently established new state-of-the-art results on answer sentence selection task. However  , our model uses it only to generate intermediate representation of input sentences for computing their similarity. We model the mixedscript features jointly in a deep-learning architecture in such a way that they can be compared in a low-dimensional abstract space. We propose a principled solution to handle the mixedscript term matching and spelling variation where the terms across the scripts are modelled jointly. We thus aim to apply an automatic feature engineering approach from deep learning in future works to automatically generate the correct ranking function. So far  , our experiments reveal that the mere finding of the right features for this endeavor remains a challenging problem. Moreover  , we aim to integrate HAWK in domain-specific information systems where the more specialized context will most probably lead to higher F-measures. The proposed approach is founded on: In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. With the recent success in many research areas 1   , deep learning techniques have attracted increasing attention. However  , these hand-crafted descriptors are designed for general tasks to capture fixed visual patterns by pre-defined feature types and are not suitable for detecting some middle-level features that are shared and meaningful across two specific domains. In contrast to 9  , which is applied to text applications  , we need to handle the high-dimensional problem of images  , which results in more difficulties. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. The DNN ranker  , serving as the core of " deep learning-to-rank " schema  , models the relation between two sentences query versus context/posting/reply. Moreover   , different reformulations can capture different aspects of background information; their resulting ranked lists are further merged by a novel formula  , in which we consider the relatedness between the reformulated queries with context and the original one. The proposed method can find the equivalents of the query term across the scripts; the original query is then expanded using the thus found equivalents. In this work  , we propose a deep learning approach with a SAE model for mining advisor-advisee relationships. In the future work  , we will apply our proposed model to the whole DBLP digital library to obtain a large-scale mentorship data set  , which will enable us to study the interesting application such as mentor recommendation. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. Even though NLP components are still being improved by emerging techniques like deep learning  , the quality of existing components is sufficient to work on the semantic level – one level of abstraction up from surface text. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. Their power of reasoning depends on the expressivity of such representation: an ontology provided with complex TBox axioms can act as a valuable support for the representation and the evaluation of a deep knowledge about the domain it represents. In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. So they exploit partially visual cues created by Web designers in order to help human users to make sense of Web pages contents. In general  , for facial expression recognition system  , there are three basic parts:  Face detection: Most of face detection methods can detect only frontal and near-frontal views of the fount. We demonstrate that the standard approach is no better than dynamic time warping  , and both are significantly less accurate than the current state of the art. 1 We evaluate two deep learning solutions for TSC: a standard CNN and a bespoke CNN for TSC. Specifically  , this paper has the following contributions:  We develop a supervised classification methodology with NLP features to outperform a deep learning approach . In this paper we aim to develop a state-of-the-art method for detecting abusive language in user comments  , while also addressing the above deficiencies in the field. The high efficiency ensures an immediate response  , and thus the transfer deep learning approach with two modes can be adopted as a prototype model for real-time mobile applications  , such as photo tagging and event summarization on mobile devices. For tagging with batch-mode  , it took three seconds for a photo collection of 200 photos 800*600 pixels . Accomplishing all this in a small project would be impossible if the team were building everything from scratch. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 15  , hence selecting educational resources that address these concepts is a critical task in supporting learners. Emerging new OCR approaches based on deep learning would certainly profit from the large set of training data. Even if not all occurrences are used for training  , the large number of glyph examples  , sorted by quality  , makes it easier for OCR engineers to compose a good training set. Additionally  , we note that a catalog of occurrences of glyphs can in itself be interesting  , for example to date or attribute printed works 2. More recently  , Wang and Wang 10  used deep leaning techniques which perform feature learning from audio signals and music recommendation in a unified framework. For example  , Logan 6  vestigated Mel-frequency Cepstral Coefficients MFCCs as acoustic features and utilized Earth-Mover's distance to measure the similarity between songs for recommendation. Finally  , many systems work with distributed vector representations for words and RDF triples and use various deep learning techniques for answer selection 10  , 31. Another approach to generate more training data is to automatically convert RDF triples to questions using entity and predicate names 10. In all of these works  , external resources are used to train a lexicon for matching questions to particular KB queries. However  , their model operates only on unigram or bigrams  , while our architecture learns to extract and compose n-grams of higher degrees  , thus allowing for capturing longer range dependencies. We present a joint NMF method which incorporates crowdbased emotion labels on articles and generates topic-specific factor matrices for building emotion lexicons via compositional semantics. In recent years  , alongside the enhancement of ASR technologies with deep learning 17  , various studies suggested advanced methods for voice search ASR and reported further performance enhancements. 27 discussed the interleaving of ASR with IR systems and suggested to combine acoustic and semantic models to enhance performance. There is actually a series of variants of DL2R model with different components and different context utilization strategies. However   , while the word embeddings obtained at the previous step should already capture important syntactic and semantic aspects of the words they represent  , they are completely clueless about their sentiment behaviour. We are going to create JoBimText models 30 and extend those to interconnected graphs  , where we introduce new semantic relations between the nodes. A person can observe the existence and configuration of another persons body directly  , however all aspects of other people's minds must be inferred from observing their behaviour together with other information. One of the challenges in studying an agent's understanding of others is that observed phenomena like behaviours can sometimes be explained as simple stimulus-response learning  , rather than requiring deep understanding. Instance learning approaches exploit regularities available in Deep Web pages in terms of DOM structures for detecting data records and their data items. The method proposed in this paper is completely automatic and no manual effort is required to the user. The previous study in 8 seeks to discover hidden schema model for query interfaces on deep Web. To the best of our knowledge  , no research has yet adequately addressed the problem of learning a global attribute schema from the Web for entities of a given entity type. Recent IE systems have addressed scalability with weakly supervised methods and bootstrap learning techniques. As a result  , top performing systems in TREC e.g. , 21  focus on " deep " parsing of sentences and the production of logical representations of text in contrast with the lighter weight techniques used by KNOWITALL. Our techniques highlight the importance of low-level computer vision features and demonstrate the power of certain semantic features extracted using deep learning. We contrast our prediction technique that leverages social cues and image content features with simpler methods that leverage color spaces  , intensity  , and simple contextual metrics. In particular  , by training a neural language model 8  on millions of Wikipedia documents  , the authors first construct a semantic space where semantically close words are mapped to similar vector representations. In a related work 3  , a deep learning based semantic embedding method is proposed. This is due to a very large number of misspellings and words occurring only once hence they are filted by the word2vec tool. The learning component uses a data-driven and model-free approach for training the recurrent neural net  , which becomes an embedded part of a hybrid control scheme effective during execution. Configuration of the system can be achieved by users without deep robotics knowledge  , using kinesthetic teaching to gather training data intrinsically containing constraints given by the environment or required by the intended task. All three demonstrated they understood the difference between accidental and intentional acts. In this study  , we want to learn the weather attributes which are mainly in the form of real numbered values and thus have chosen stacked auto-encoder architecture of deep learning for the purpose. This approach is also known as the greedy layerwise unsupervised pre-training. To summarize  , the contributions in this work are: 1 use rich user features to build a general-purpose recommendation system  , 2 propose a deep learning approach for content-based recommendation systems and study different techniques to scale-up the system  , 3 introduce the novel Multi-View Deep learning model to build recommendation systems by combining data sets from multiple domains  , 4 address the user cold start issue which is not well-studied in literature by leveraging the semantic feature mapping learnt from the multi-view DNN model  , and 5 perform rigorous experiments using four real-world large-scale data set and show the effectiveness of the proposed system over the state-of-the-art methods by a significantly large margin. Alternative solutions to this challenging problem were explored using a " Figure 1: Example of a PMR query and its relevant technote like " competition  , where several different research and development teams within IBM have explored various retrieval approaches including those that employ both state-of-theart and novel QA  , NLP  , deep-learning and learning-to-rank techniques. In order for find a relevant solution  , the system needs to search over multiple combinations of PMR problem aspects and technical document and find the best matches. For each of the detectable objects  , the Flickr classifiers output a confidence score corresponding to the probability that the object is represented in the image. It breaks the task at hand into the following components: 1. a tensor construction stage of building user-item-tag correlation; 2. a tensor decomposition stage learning factors for each component mode; 3. a stage of tensor completion  , which computes the creativity value of tag pairs; and 4. a recommender stage that ranks the candidate items according to both precision and creative consideration . Hence  , in this paper we adopt a simple pointwise method to reranking and focus on modelling a rich representation of query-document pairs using deep learning approaches which is described next. Most often  , producing a better representation ψ that encodes various aspects of similarity between the input querydocument pairs plays a far more important role in training an accurate reranker than choosing between different ranking approaches. The deep learning features outperform other features for the one-per-user and user-mix settings but not the user-specific setting. On exploring the columns individually in Table 1   , we notice that the color histogram alone gives a fairly low rank correlation ranging between 0.12 and 0.23 across the three datasets  , but texture  , and gradient features perform significantly better improving the performance ranges to 0.20 to 0.32 and 0.26 to 0.34 respectively. This result indicates that IdeaKeeper scaffoldings assisted students to focus on more important work than less salient activities in online inquiry. The students who only used the digital libraries were more involved in activities such as conducting information searches  , skimming a website to locate a piece of specific information  , and copying information from the websites—activities that provide less opportunities for deep learning to occur than the high-level cognitive activities performed by the IdeaKeeper students 5. Even though  , in general  , changing the goal may lead to substantial modifications in the basins of attraction  , the expectation is that problems successfully dealt with in their first occurrence difficult cases reported for RPP are traps and deep local minima A general framework for learning in path planning has been proposed by Chen 8. Additional regions could be found  , along with additional paths connecting them.  We investigate the relative importance of individual features  , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image  , another where each user has several thousand images  , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. Copyrights for third-party components of this work must be honored. In this paper  , we propose a deep learning based advisor-advisee relationships 1 http://genealogy.math.ndsu.nodak.edu/index.php 2 http://academictree.org/ 3 http://phdtree.org/ Permission to make digital or hard copies of part or all of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. In this case  , we assume that user's preferences are composed of two components: the long-term preference which reflects the fairly stable interests of the users based on their online activities; and the temporal interests which represents the users' current immanent need/interests. Table 4 shows that even by just using the user preferences among categories together with crowd-derived category information   , we can obtain an accuracy of 0.85 compared with 0.77 for Image+User features  , suggesting that crowdsourced image categorisation is more powerful than current image recognition and classification technology. 3 In this paper we propose a machine learning method that takes as input an ontology matching task consisting of two ontologies and a set of configurations and uses matching task profiling to automatically select the configuration that optimizes matching effectiveness. For example   , LOD ontologies vary widely; they can be very small at the schema level  , shallow  , and poorly axiomatized such as GeoNames  , 1 large with medium depth and medium axiomatization such as in DBpedia  , 2 or large  , deep  , and richly axiomatized such as Yago. Recommendation systems and content personalization play increasingly important role in modern online web services. We then review the basic DSSM model and discuss how it could be extended for our setting in Section 4; in Section 5  , we introduce the multi-view deep learning model in details and discuss its advantages ; in Section 6  , we discuss the dimension reduction methods to scale-up the model; in Section 7  , 8  , 9 & 10  , we present a comprehensive empirical study; we finally conclude in Section 11 and suggest several future work. In this framework  , a slow  , globally effective planner is invoked when a fast but less effective planner fails  , and significant subgoal configurations found are remembered t o enhance future success chances of the fast planner. The rest of this paper is organized as following  , first we review major approaches in recommendation systems including papers that focus on the cold start problem in Section 2; in Section 3  , we describe the data sets we work with and detail the type of features we use to model the user and the items in each domain  , respectively. Probabilistic facts model extensional knowledge. retrieveD :-aboutD ,"retrieval". This enables a principled integration of the thesaurus model and a probabilistic retrieval model. Second  , word associations in our technique have a welldefined probabilistic interpretation. Relevance measurements were integrated within a probabilistic retrieval model for reranking of results. Several probabilistic retrieval models for integrating term statistics with entity search using multiple levels of document context to improve the performance of chemical patent invalidity search.  In the language model approaches to information retrieval  , models that capture term dependencies achieve substantial improvements over the unigram model. Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. Our suggested probabilistic methods are also able to retrieve per-feature opinions for a query product. To solve the problem  , we propose a new probabilistic retrieval method  , Translation model  , Specifications Generation model  , and Review and Specifications Generation model  , as well as standard summarization model MEAD  , its modified version MEAD-SIM  , and standard ad-hoc retrieval method. The model builds a simple statistical language model for each document in the collection. The Mirror DBMS uses the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval Hie99  , HK99. Traditional information retrieval models are mainly classified into classic probabilistic model  , vector space model and statistical language model. The corresponding weighting function is as follows. Probabilistic Information Retrieval IR model is one of the most classical models in IR. So far almost all the legal information retrieval systems are based on the boolean retrieval model. This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. The second issue is the problem of cross-language information retrieval. In here  , we further developed and used a fully probabilistic retrieval model. Previously  , we developed various document-context dependent retrieval models 1 that operate in a RF environment. Furthermore. The probabilistic retrieval model is attractive because it provides a theoretical foundation for the retrieval operation which takes into account the notion of document relevance. Then we present a probabilistic object-oriented logic for realizing this model  , which uses probabilistic Datalog as inference mechanism. give a survey on the overall architecture of DOLORES and describe its underlying multimedia retrieval model. We argue that the current indexing models have not led to improved retrieval results. One component of a probabilistic retrieval model is the indexing model  , i.e. , a model of the assignment of indexing terms to documents. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query generated from a document 9. Uses of probabilistic language model in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model. The retrieval was performed using query likelihood for the queries in Tables 1 and 2  , using the language models estimated with the probabilistic annotation model. This evaluation can only be performed for the probabilistic annotation model  , because the direct retrieval model allows us only to estimate feature distributions for individual word images  , not page images. Sound statistic background of the model brings its outstanding performance. This model shows that documents should be ranked according to the score These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. BIR: The background model comprises several sequences of judgements. Next  , consider the background model for each of the probabilistic retrieval models. This in contrast with the probabilistic model of information retrieval . The term discrimination model has been criticised because it does not exhibit well substantiated theoretical properties. A notable feature of the Fuhr model is the integration of indexing and retrieval models. An additional probabilistic model is that of Fuhr 4. We use different state-of-the-art keyword-based probabilistic retrieval models such as the sequential dependence model  , a query likelihood model  , and relevance model query expansion . The joint document retrieval model combines keyword-based retrieval models with entity-based retrieval models. The linkage weighting model based on link frequency can substantially and stably improve the retrieval performances. Similarly  , 16  integrated linkage weighting calculated from a citation graph into the content-based probabilistic weighting model to facilitate the publication retrieval. Here we evaluate the performance of whole page retrieval. An effective thesaurus-based technique must deal with the problem of word polysemy or ambiguity  , which is particularly serious for Arabic retrieval. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query to be generated from a document 16. Uses of probabilistic language models in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model given that recent probabilistic approaches tend to use too many heuristics. The SMART information retrieval system  , originally developed by Salton  , uses the vector-space model of information retrieval that represents query and documents as term vectors. For our probabilistic runs we used the SMART retrieval runs as provided by NIST. The following equations describe those used as the foundation of our retrieval strategies. We conducted numerous calibrations using the vector space model Singhal96  , Robertson's probabilistic retrieval strategy Robertson98  , and a modified vector space retrieval strategy. In this work  , we show that the database centric probabilistic retrieval model has various interesting properties for both automatic image annotation and semantic retrieval. In this sense  , database centric retrieval is a significantly easier problem. The probabilistic model of retrieval 20 does this very clearly  , but the language model account of what retrieval is about is not that clear. From the standpoint of retrieval theory  , the presumption has been that relevance should be explicitly recognized in any formal model of retrieval. The proposed probabilistic models of passage-based retrieval are trained in a discriminative manner . The second probabilistic model goes a step further and takes into account the content similarities among passages. However  , accurately estimating these probabilities is difficult for generative probabilistic language modeling techniques. In summary  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. Instead of the vector space model or the classical probabilistic model we will use a new model  , called the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval  , which is described in the appendix of this paper. The unstructured queries mentioned in the next section will also refer to the use of a bag-of-words model. It is generally agreed that the probabilistic approach provides a sound theoretical basis for the development of information retrieval systems. There have been extensive studies on the probabilistic model5 ,6 ,7 ,8. We define the parameters of relevant and non-relevant document language model as θR and θN . We model the relevant model and non-relevant model in the probabilistic retrieval model as two multinomial distributions. In the language modeling framework  , documents are modeled as the multinomial distributions capturing the word frequency occurrence within the documents. A model of a retrieval situation with PDEL contains two separate parts  , one epistemic model that accomodates the deterministic information about the interactions and one pure probabilistic model. Besides the most basic way to incorporate new evidence into an existing probabilistic model  , that is conditional probability  , there are some alternatives such as using Dempster-Shafer theory 5 or cross-entropy 4 . The about predicate says that d1 is about 'databases' with 0.7 probability and about 'retrieval' with 0.5 probability . The rule retrieve means that a document should be retrieved when it is about 'databases' or 'retrieval'. Rules model intensional knowledge  , from which new probabilistic facts are derived. We provide a probabilistic model for image retrieval problem. In other words  , any possible ranking lists could be the final list with certain probability. Therefore  , in a probabilistic model for video retrieval shots are ranked by their probability of having generated the query. P Shot i  = constant. However  , applying the probabilistic IR model into legal text retrieval is relatively new. The efficiency of it to improve the performance of IR has been affirmed widely. query terms rather than document terma because they were investigating probabilistic retrieval Model 2 of Robertson et.al. In their formulation  , they attached the weight to . The incrementing of document scores in this way is ba.sed on a probabilistic model of retrieval described in Croft's paper. These Technical details of the probabilistic retrieval model can be found in the appendix of this paper. Finally  , section 6 contains concluding remarks. After obtaining   , another essential component in Eqn. In sum  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. the probabilistic model offers justification for various methods that had previously been used in automatic retrieval environments on an empirical basis. HARP78 ,VANR77 Finally. If a query consists of several independent parts e.g. We present a probabilistic model for the retrieval of multimodal documents. Is it useful to identify important parts in query images ? We will revisit and evaluate some representative retrieval models to examine how well they work for finding related articles given a seed article. A variety of retrieval models have been well studied in information retrieval to model relevance  , such as vector space model  , classic probabilistic model  , and language models 31  , 28  , 34  , 24  , 33  , 38 . With weight parameters  , these can be integrated into one distribution over documents  , e.g. In ROBE81 a similar retrieval model  , the 80 251 called two-poisson-independence TPI model is described. The re~rieval-with-probabilistic-indexing RPI model described here is suited to different models of probabilis- Uc indexing. To derive our probabilistic retrieval model  , we first propose a basic query formulation model. Although they do not remember their starting point  , our model limits the number of transitions to keep them in the vicinity  Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. In summary  , several conclusions can be drawn from the experi- ments. Many models for ranking functions have been proposed previously  , including vector space model 43   , probabilistic model 41 and language model 35 . Ranking is the central part of many applications including document retrieval  , recommender systems  , advertising and so on. In the information retrieval domain  , the systems are based on three basic models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model. The next section presents our method based on term proximity to score the documents. 10 uses a 2-Poisson model for including term frequency-based probabilities in the probabilistic retrieval model. 9 shows experimentally that most of the terms words in a collection are distributed according to a low dimension n-Poisson model. The novelty of our work lies in a probabilistic generation model for opinion retrieval  , which is general in motivation and flexible in practice. Therefore this approach is expected to be generalized to all kinds of resources for opinion retrieval task. navigation-aided retrieval constitutes a strict generalization of the conventional probabilistic IR model. This property  , if confirmed through further experiments  , would obviate the need to choose from two alternative retrieval methods based on the nature of the search task. Thus  , we avoid confusing fusion improvements with simple parsing or other system differences. This provides the needed document ranking function. In the next section  , we describe related work on collection selection and merging of ranked results. Thk paper describes how these issues can be addressed in a retrieval system based on the inference net  , a probabilistic model of information retrieval. 6 identify and classify temporal information needs based on the relevant document timestamp distribution to improve retrieval. 2 integrate temporal expressions in documents into a time-aware probabilistic retrieval model. This paper looks at the three grand probabilistic retrieval models: binary independent retrieval BIR  , Poisson model PM  , and language modelling LM. The derivation leads to theorems and formulae that relate and explain existing IR models. Query likelihood retrieval model 1  , which assumes that a document generates a query  , has been shown to work well for ad-hoc information retrieval. To solve the problem in a more principled way  , we introduce our probabilistic methods. The model supports probabilistic indexing 9  , however we implement a simplified version in which only estimates of O or 1 are used for the probability that a document has a feature. Classifiers were trained according to the probabilistic model described by Lewis 14  , which was derived from a retrieval model proposed by Fuhr 9. Eri can be determined by a point estimate from the specific text retrieval model that has been applied. Different probabilistic retrieval models result in different estimators of Eri and Cn. The probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S 11  scores documents by combining field-level querylikelihood scores similarly to other field-based retrieval mod- els 13. PM Fj|w = PM w|FjPM Fj This shows that both the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the language modeling approach to retrieval are special cases of the risk minimization framework. See 14 for details of this derivation. Results include  , for example  , the formalisation of event spaces. Performance on the official TREC-8 ad hoc task using our probabilistic retrieval model is shown in Figure 7. We participated in the 1999 TREC-8 ad hoc text retrieval evalu- ation 8. Similar probabilistic model is also proposed in 24  , but this model focuses in parsing noun phrases thus not generally applicable to web queries. However  , we employ clickthrough query-document pairs to improve segmentation accuracy and further refine the retrieval model by utilizing probabilistic query segmentation. Although PRMS was originally proposed for XML retrieval  , it was later applied to ERWD 2. To overcome this limitation  , Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semistructured Data PRMS 14 maps each query term into document fields using probabilistic classification based on collection statistics. The first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage in the document is relevant. To improve the performance of passage-based retrieval  , this paper proposes two probabilistic models to estimate the probability of relevance of a document given the evidence of a set of top ranked passages in the document. We start with a probabilistic retrieval model: we use probabilistic indexing weights  , the document score is the probability that the document implies the query  , and we estimate the probability that the document is relevant to a user. Here we introduce methods for estimating costs based on the most crucial cost source  , retrieval quality. In the following  , we investigate three different  , theoretically motivated methods for predicting retrieval quality i.e. , the number of relevant libraries in the result set: 1. One of the main reasons why the probabilistic model bas not been widely accepted is; pemaps  , due to its computational complexity. So far the majority of research work in information retrieval is largely non-probabilistic even though significant headway has been made with probabilistic methods 9. The term-precision model differs from the previous two weighting systems in that document relevance is taken into account. The standard probabilistic retrieval model uses three basic parameters  Swanson  , 1974  , 1975: The thesaurus is incorporated within classical information retrieval models  , such as vector space model and probabilistic model 13. WordNet has been used to recognize compound terms and dependencies among terms in these studies. The score function of the probabilistic retrieval model based on the multinomial distribution can be derived from taking the log-odds ratio of two multinomial distributions. The Non-relevant model P d l |θN  is defined in the same way. In this paper we introduce a probabilistic information retrieval model. As a future work  , we plan to incorporate term proximity ordered and un-ordered bigram information into our model. Although the most popular is still undoubtedly the vector space model proposed by Salton 19   , many new or complementary alternatives have been proposed  , such as the Probabilistic Model 16. Information Retrieval models have come a long way. the binary independent retrieval BIR model 15 and some state-of-the-art language models proposed for IR in the literature. We compare LDM to both the classical probabilistic model i.e. Recently  , the PRF principle has also been implemented within the language modeling framework. It has been implemented in different retrieval models: vector space model 15  , probabilistic model 13  , and so on. Overall  , the PLM is shown to be able to achieve " soft " passage retrieval and capture proximity heuristic effectively in a unified probabilistic framework. It is also observed that the proposed PLM not only outperforms the general document language model  , but also outperforms the regular sliding-window passage retrieval method and a state-of-theart proximity-based retrieval model. We further incorporate the probabilistic query segmentation into a unified language model for information retrieval. In this paper  , we propose a query segmentation model that quantifies the uncertainty in segmentation by probabilistically modeling the query and clicked document pairs. We proposed a formal probabilistic model of Cross-Language Information Retrieval. Finally  , we would like to explore applications of our model in other tasks  , such as Topic Detection and Tracking  , and in other languages. In this paper  , we present a Cross Term Retrieval model  , denoted as CRTER  , to model the associations among query terms in probabilistic retrieval models. However  , their experiments are not conclusive and their retrieval functions are not shown to be effective and robust enough 28. The retrieval model we use to rank video shots is a generative model inspired by the language modelling approach to information retrieval 2  , 1  and a similar probabilistic approach to image re- trieval 5. The retrieval status value RSV of an image ωi is defined as: We start by formulating the integrated language model with query segmentation based on the probabilistic ranking prin- ciple 15. Note that the retrieval model proposed here is independent of the query segmentation technique. Given a text query  , retrieval can be done with these probabilistic annotations in a language model based approach using query-likelihood ranking. The model for mapping is learned using a training set of transcribed annotations. Preliminary experiments showed that increasing the number of features above 40 per code did not improve performance. We explain the PRM-S model in the following section. 10 on desktop search  , which includes document query-likelihood DLM  , the probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S and the interpolation of DLM and PRM-S PRM-D. To our knowledge  , no one has yet tried to incorporate such a thesaurus within the language modeling framework. The model is significantly different from other recently proposed models in that it does not attempt to translate either the query or the documents. Both of these models estimate the probability of relevance of each document to the query. Two well known probabilistic approaches to retrieval are the Robertson and Sparck Jones model 14 and the Croft and Harper model 3 . We start by developing a formal probabilistic model for the utilization of key concepts for information retrieval. In this section we present our model of key concept selection for verbose queries. Probabilistic models have been successfully applied in document ranking  , such as the traditional probabilistic model 23  , 13  , 24 and stochastic language model 21  , 15  , 29 etc. A key task in information retrieval is to rank a collection of documents according to their respective relevance to a user query. The main contribution of our work is a formal probabilistic approach to estimating a relevance model with no training data. The experiments show that with our estimate of the relevance model  , classical probabilistic models of retrieval outperform state-of-the-art heuristic and language modeling approaches. Our first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage of the document is relevant and models individual passages independently. Importantly  , our navigation-aided retrieval model strictly generalizes the conventional probabilistic information retrieval model  , which implicitly assumes no propensity to navigate formal details are provided in Section 3. The model underlying the scoring function assumes the user has a certain propensity to navigate outward from the initial query results  , and that navigation is directed based on the user's search task. In the second model  , which we call the " Direct Retrieval " model  , we take each text query and compute the probability of generating a member of the feature vocabulary. The main techniques used in our runs include medical concept detection  , a vectorspace retrieval model  , a probabilistic retrieval model  , a supervised preference ranking model  , unsupervised dimensionality reduction  , and query expansion. The NECLA team submitted four automatic runs to the 2012 track. The details of these techniques are given in the next section. 39 This last model appears to be computationally difficult  , but further progress may be anticipated in the design and use of probabilistic retrieval models. 37 Some of the probabilistic models described in the literature have recently been compared and unified 38  , and a new  , ultimate probabilistic model has been proposed which makes maximum use of all available information without implicitly making assumptions about any unknown data. The main difference between the TPI model and the RPI model is that the RPI model is suited to different probabilistic indexing models  , whereas the TPI model is an ex~ension of the two-poisson model for multi-term queries. The contribution that each of the top ranked documents makes to this model is directly related to their retrieval score for the initial query. Relevance modeling 14 is a BRF approach to language modeling that uses the top ranked documents to construct a probabilistic model for performing the second retrieval. In this section  , we apply the six constraints defined in the previous section to three specific retrieval formulas  , which respectively represent the vector space model  , the classical probabilistic retrieval model  , and the language modeling approach. df w is the number of documents that contain the term w. |d| is the length of document d. avdl is the average document length. Most of the existing retrieval models assume a " bag-of-words " representation of both documents and queries. Over the decades  , many different retrieval models have been proposed and studied  , including the vector space model 16  , 17  , the classic probabilistic model 7  , 13  , 14 and the language modeling approach 12  , 19. We have presented a new dependence language modeling approach to information retrieval. Our experiments on six standard TREC collections indicate the effectiveness of our dependence model: It outperforms substantially over both the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the state-of-the-art unigram and bigram language models. Coming back to Figure 1  , notice that certain hyperlinks are highlighted i.e. , they have a shaded background. In this paper we present a novel probabilistic information retrieval model and demonstrate its capability to achieve state-of-the-art performance on large standardized text collections. Experimental results indicate that the model is able to achieve performance that is competitive with current state-of-the-art retrieval approaches. The retrieval model integrates term translation probabilities with corpus statistics of query terms and statistics of term occurrences in a document to produce a probability of relevance for the document to the query. A key component of the retrieval model is probabilistic translation from terms in a document to terms in a query. We discussed a model of retrieval that bridges a gap between the classical probabilistic models of information retrieval  , and the emerging language modeling approaches. We highlighted the major difficulty faced by a researcher in classical framework: the need to estimate a relevance model with no training data  , and proposed a novel technique for estimating such models. For relevant task  , a multi-field relevance ranking based on probabilistic retrieval model has been used. The polarity task is to locate blog posts that express an idea either positive or negative about a target. Further  , 7  do the same for query ics which implicitly express a temporal expression e.g. , " brazil world cup " . We then proceed to detail the supervised machine learning technique used for key concept identification and weighting. 3.2.1 Unigram language models: In the language modelling framework  , document ranking is primarily based on the following two steps. However  , it is worth mentioning that the proposed method is generally applicable to any probabilistic retrieval model. Canfora and Cerulo 2 searched for source files through change request descriptions in open source code projects. They use both a probabilistic information retrieval model and vector space models. In this paper the different disambiguation strategies of the Twenty-One system will be evaluated. In this section  , we present an application of the proposed document ranking approach under the language modelling framework. In blog seed retrieval tasks  , we are interested in finding blogs with relevant and recurring interests for given topics . We propose two discriminatively trained probabilistic models that model individual posts as hidden variables. Traditional IR probabilistic models  , such as the binary independence retrieval model 11  , 122 focus on relevance to queries. Our new approach focuses on the data  , the term-document matrix X  , ignoring query-speciic information at present. For example  , the useful inverse document frequency  idf term weighting system. Results from our integrated approach outperformed baseline results and exceeded the top results reported at the TREC forum  , demonstrating the efficacy of our approach. However   , the utilization of relevant information was one of the most important component in Probabilistic retrieval model. Without relevant information  , term weighting function2  , was simplified to IDF-like function. In the probabilistic retrieval model used in this work  , we interpret the weight of a query term to be the frequency of the term being generated in query generation. The expansion terms and the original query terms were re-weighted. Review and Specifications Generation model ReviewSpecGen considers both query-relevance and centrality  , so we use it as another baseline method. We also introduced several probabilistic retrieval methods for the task. Having selected the collections to search  , the retrieval system must also provide techniques for effectively merging the individual ranked lists of documents that are produced. A new probabilistic generative model is proposed for the generation of document content as well as the associated social annotations. This paper presents a framework that combines the modeling of information retrieval on the documents associated with social annotations. Furthermore  , our empirical work suggests that in the case of unambiguous queries for which conventional IR techniques are sufficient  , NAR reduces to standard IR automatically. Antionol et al 3 traced C++ source code onto manual pages and Java code to functional requirements . This is the second year that the IR groups of Tsinghua University participated in TREC Blog Track. In our model  , both single terms and compound dependencies are mathematically modeled as projectors in a vector space  , i.e. In this paper  , we propose a novel retrieval framework for modeling term dependencies based on the probabilistic calculus offered by QT. We further leverage answers to a question to bridge the vocabulary gap between a review and a question. We first employ a probabilistic retrieval model to retrieve candidate questions based on their relevance scores to a review. The robustness of the approach is also studied empirically in this paper. Results show that in most test sets  , LDM outperforms significantly the state-of-the-art LM approaches and the classical probabilistic retrieval model. The basic idea is that there is uncertainty in the prediction of the ranking lists of images based on current visual distances of retrieved images to the query image. For example   , probabilistic models are a common type of model used for IR. or at least make explicit  , these heuristic judgments by developing models of queries and documents that could be used to deduce appropriate retrieval strategies. Conclusions and the contributions of this work are summarized in Section 6. The comparison of our approach to both the probabilistic retrieval models and the previous language models will show that our model achieves substantial and significant improvements. This paper defines a linguistically motivated model of full text information retrieval. In this section we will define the framework that will be used in the subsequent sections to give a probabilistic interpretation of tf×idf term weighting. Other QBSD audition systems 19  , 20  have been developed for annotation and retrieval of sound effects. Our generative multi-class approach outputs a natural ranking of words based on a more interpretable probabilistic model 1. The top ranked m collections are chosen for retrieval . Given a query Q  , the virtual documents VDCi'S are treated as normal documents and are ranked for Q based on a probabilistic model. In this paper  , we proposed a novel probabilistic model for blog opinion retrieval. For future work we plan to investigate the effect of using reference resolution techniques on the performance of the proposed method. Current experiments deal with the following topics: probabilistic retrieval binary independent model  , automatic weighting  , morphological segmentation  , efficiency of thesaurus organization  , association measures reconsidered. This will be published in the near future. For example  , paper D  , " A proximity probabilistic model for information retrieval " mentions both A and B. The two documents are deemed similar to each other as they are co-cited several times. In our hypothetical example  , A has only a handful of citation contexts which we would like to expand to better describe paper A. Figure 4shows the interpolated precision scores obtained with the probabilistic annotation and direct retrieval model. A ranked image was considered relevant if it has the same stem as the query. In this paper  , we propose a probabilistic entity retrieval model that can capture indirect relationships between nodes in the RDF graph. However  , it becomes problematic when URIs are made up of meaningless strings like <./928>  , rather than <./James_Cameron>. The last quantity is the probability that a candidate entity is the related entity given passage   , and query . According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution computed over its contents. Building on prior DIR research we formulate two collection ranking strategies using a unified probabilistic retrieval framework based on language modeling techniques. In the following  , the probabilistic model for distributed IR is experimentally evaluated with respect to the retrieval effectiveness . Shown is also the error plot illustrating the deviation e Ajx   , Ajx for all possible x. RSJ relevance weighting of query terms was proposed in 1976 5 as an alternative term weighting of 2 when relevant information is available. Evaluation is a difficult problem since queries and relevance judgements are not available for this task. The probabilistic annotation model can handle multi-word queries while the direct retrieval approach is limited to 1 word queries at this time. These two probabilistic models for the document retrieval problem grow out of two different ways of interpreting probability of relevance. In Model 2  , probability of relevance is interpreted relative to a subset of document properties. Intermediate results imply that accepted hypotheses have to be revised. A series of experiments on TREC collections is presented in Section 5. The probabilistic retrieval model also relies on an adjustment for document length 3. We find that a slope of 0.25 is 22% better than the values published at 0.75. To perform information retrieval  , a label is also associated with each term in the query. The whole collection can now be viewed as a set of x  , y pairs  , which can be viewed as samples from a probabilistic model. These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. The concepts derived &om the query test by the inference mechanism described in the last section specify important word dependencies . This has been done in a heuristic fashion in the past  , and may have stifled the performance of classical probabilistic approaches. As boolean retrieval is in widespread use in practice  , there are attempts to find a combination with probabilistic ranking procedures. From the above~ it can be concluded that serious problem.s arise when the BIR or the RPI model is applied to rank the output set of a boolean query and the probabilistic parameters are estimated on parts of this output set In classical probabilistic IR models  , such as the binary independence retrieval BIR model 18  , both queries and documents are represented as a set of terms that are assumed to be statistically independent. There has been a large amount of work dealing with term dependencies in both the probabilistic IR framework and the language modeling framework. In this paper  , we have proposed a novel probabilistic framework for formally modeling the evidence of individual passages in a document. We demonstrated that our dependence model is applicable in the information retrieval system by 1 learning the linkage efficiently in an unsupervised manner; and 2 smoothing the model with different smoothing techniques. This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . Thus we test one retrieval model belonging to this category. These models were derived within many variations extended Boolean models  , models based on fuzzy sets theory  , generalized vector space model ,. It is more flexible then the BU model  , because it works with two concepts: 'correctneu' aa a basis of the underlying indexing model  , and 'relevance' for ·the retrieval parameters. For the RPI model  , which has been proposed in this paper  , it baa been shown that this model is suited to different kinds of probabilistic indexing. Since the first model estimates the probability of relevance for each passage independently  , the model is called the independent passage model. Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semistructured Data PRMS 14  is a unigram bag-ofwords model for ad-hoc structured document retrieval that learns a simple statistical relationship between the intended mapping of terms in free-text queries and their frequency in different document fields. mapping " Europe " and " Olympic games " to the entity names field is likely to substantially degrade the accuracy of retrieval results for this query. Unlike some traditional phrase discovery methods  , the TNG model provides a systematic way to model topical phrases and can be seamlessly integrated with many probabilistic frameworks for various tasks such as phrase discovery   , ad-hoc retrieval  , machine translation  , speech recognition and statistical parsing. We also demonstrate how TNG can help improve retrieval performance in standard ad-hoc retrieval tasks on TREC collections over its two special-case n-gram based topic models. We proposed several methods to solve this problem  , including summarization-based methods such as MEAD and MEAD-SIM and probabilistic retrieval methods such as Specifications Generation model  , Review and Specifications Generation model  , and Translation model. Relevant review sentences for new or unpopular products can be very useful for consumers who seek for relevant opinions   , but no previous work has addressed this novel problem . In general   , these approaches can be characterized as methods of estimating the probability of relevance of documents to user queries. To the former we owe the concept of a relevance model: a language model representative of a class of relevant documents. There are two directions of information retrieval research that provide a theoretical foundation for our model: the now classic work on probabilistic models of relevance  , and the recent developments in language modeling techniques for IR. In a very recent work 4  , the author proposed a topic dependent method for sentiment retrieval  , which assumed that a sentence was generated from a probabilistic model consisting of both a topic language model and a sentiment language model. Engström studied how the topic dependence influences the accuracy of sentiment classification and tried to reduce this de- pendence 5. An important advantage of introducing a language model for each position is that it can allow us to model the " best-matching position " in a document with probabilistic models  , thus supporting " soft " passage retrieval naturally. This is in contrast with virtually all the existing work in which a document language model is generally defined for the entire document. The retrieval function is: This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . A second sense of the word 'model' is the probabilistic sense where it refers to an explanatory model of the data. The best example of this is the vector space model which allows one to talk about the task of retrieval apart from implementation details such as storage media  , and data structures 15. The TPI model makes more use of the specific assumption of the indexing model  , 80 that for any other indexing model a new retrieval model would have to be developed. But in order to consider the special nature of annotations for retrieval  , we proposed POLAR Probabilistic Object-oriented Logics for Annotation-based Retrieval as a framework for annotation-based document retrieval and discussion search 8 . 321–332  , 2007. c Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2007While classical retrieval tools enable us to search for documents as an atomic unit without any context  , systems like POOL 14  are able to model and exploit the document structure and nested documents. A model of randomness is derived by a suitable interpretation of the probabilistic urn models of Types I and II 4 i n to the context of Information Retrieval. We p r o vide diierent basic models which deenes such a n o t i o n o f randomness in the context of Information Retrieval. Since our focus is on type prediction   , we employ retrieval models used in the recent work by Kim et al. We suggested why classical models with their explicit notion of relevance may potentially be more attractive than models that limit queries to being a sample of text. for the distribution of visual features given the semantic class. The database centric probabilistic retrieval model is compared to existing semantic labeling and retrieval methods  , and shown to achieve higher accuracy than the previously best published results  , at a fraction of their computational cost.  published search reports can be used to learn to rank and provide significant retrieval improvements ? ing e.g. , IR theory  , language models   , probabilistic retrieval models  , feature-based models  , learning to rank  , combining searches  , diversity  the most popular model among patent searchers is boolean  , because it provides clear evidence as to why a document was in the retrieved list or not ? In information retrieval there are three basic models which are respectively formulated with the Boolean  , vector  , and probabilistic concepts. One can  , therefore  , raise the same objection to this assumption on the atomic vectors although it has been demonstrated that atomic vectors are indeed pairwise orthogonal in the strict Boolean retrieval model3 ,4. Two retrieval runs were submitted: one consisting of the title and description sections only T+D and the other consisting of all three title  , description  , and narrative sections T+D+N. We show examples of extracted phrases and more interpretable topics on the NIPS data  , and in a text mining application  , we present better information retrieval performance on an ad-hoc retrieval task over a TREC collection. Thus  , TNG is not only a topic model that uses phrases  , but also help linguists discover meaningful phrases in right context  , in a completely probabilistic manner. The 2006 legal track provides an uniform simulation of legal text requests in real litigation  , which allows IR researchers to evaluate their retrieval systems in the legal domain. In some cases  , our structured queries even attain a better retrieval performance than the title queries on the same topic. We propose a formal probabilistic model for incorporating query and key concepts information into a single structured query  , and show that using these structured queries results in a statistically significant improvement in retrieval performance over using the original description queries on all tested corpora. As described in Section 3  , the frequency is used as an exponent in the retrieval function. Among many variants of language models proposed  , the most popular and fundamental one is the query-generation language model 21  , 13  , which leads to the query-likelihood scoring method for ranking documents. As a new type of probabilistic retrieval models  , language models have been shown to be effective for many retrieval tasks 21  , 28  , 14  , 4 . One of the important properties of the database centric probabilistic retrieval formulation is that  , due to the simplicity of the retrieval model  , it enables the implementation of sophisticated parameter optimization procedures. This implies that there is no need to introduce very sophisticated word probability models: word probabilities only influence the classification through the class prior One major goal of us is to evaluate the effect of a probabilistic retrieval model on the legal domain. The vector space model as well as probabilistic information retrieval PIR models 4  , 28  , 29 and statistical language models 14 are very successful in practice. Extracting ranking functions has been extensively investigated in areas outside database research such as Information Retrieval. In the probabilistic retrieval model 2  , for instance  , it is assumed that indexing is not perfect in the sense that there exists relevant and nonrelevant documents with the same description. In other retrieval models  , the concept of ranking for more than two ranks can be similarly interpreted as a preference relation. Blog post opinion retrieval is the problem of finding blog posts that express opinion about a given query topic. Our contributions are:  Presenting a novel probabilistic opinion retrieval model that is based on proximity between opinion lexicons and query terms. The effectiveness of this design strategy will be demonstrated on the task of ad hoc retrieval on six English and Chinese TREC test sets. Our approach provides a conceptually simple but explanatory model of re- trieval. In order to relax these assumptions and to avoid the difficulties imposed by separate indexing and retrieval models  , we have developed an approach to retrieval based on probabilistic language modeling. Thus  , our method demonstrates an interesting meld of discriminative and generative models for IR. When integrated in LDM  , they achieve significant improvements over state-of-the-art language models and the classical probabilistic retrieval model on the task of ad hoc retrieval on six English and Chinese TREC test sets. This system is based on a supervised multi-class labeling SML probabilistic model 1  , which has shown good performance on the task of image retrieval. Our second contribution is showing that the CAL500 data set contains useful information which can be used to train a QBSD music retrieval system. The dependencies derived automatically from Boolean queries show only a small improvement in retrieval effectiveness. All these experiments have like ours  , been done on the CACM document collection and the dependencies derived from queries were then used in a probabilistic model for retrieval. Traditional probabilistic relevance frameworks for informational retrieval 30  refrain from taking positional information into account  , both because of the hurdles of developing a sound model while avoiding an explosion in the number of parameters and because positional information has been shown somehow surprisingly to have little effect on aver- age 34 . Approaches derived from the probabilistic retrieval model are implemented as a summation of " weights " of the query terms that appear in the document  , where the weight is essentially a normalized version of term frequency. For example  , given the fundamentally different from these efforts is the importance given to word distributions: while the previous approaches aim to create joint models for words and visual features some even aim to provide a translation between the two modalities 7  , database centric probabilistic retrieval aims for the much simpler goal of estimating the visual feature distributions associated with each word. The model assumes that the relevance relationship between a document and a user's query cannot be determined with certainty. Wong and Yao's probabilistic retrieval model is based on an epistemological view of probability for which probabilities are regarded as degrees of belief  , and may not be necessarily learned from statistical data. For many of the past TREC experiments  , our system has been demonstrated to provide superior effectiveness  , and last year it was observed that PIRCS is one of few automatic systems that provides many unique relevant documents in the judgment pool VoHa98. Thus  , our PIRCS system may also be viewed as a combination of the probabilistic retrieval model and a simple language model. We design the model based on the assumption that the descriptions of an entity exist at any literal node that can be reached from the resource entity node by following the paths in the graph. The two main differences are that we do not make distributional assumptions and we do not not distinguish a subset of specialty words or assume a preexisting classification of documents into elite and non-elite sets. It has been observed that in general the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the unigram language model approach perform very similarly if both have been fine-tuned. Over all six TREC collections  , UG achieves the performance similar to  , or slightly worse than  , that of BM. The retrieval model scores documents based on the relative change in the document likelihoods   , expressed as the ratio of the conditional probability of the document given the query and the prior probability of the document before the query is specified. Cooper's paper on modeling assumptions for the classical probabilistic retrieval model 2. It seems tempting to make the assumption that terms are also independent if they are not conditioned on a document D. This will however lead to an inconsistency of the model see e.g. For page retrieval  , these annotation probability distributions are averaged over all images that occur in a page  , thus creating a language model of the page. First we collected a When the probabilistic annotation model is used  , each word image in the testing set is annotated with every term in the annotation vocabulary and a corresponding probability. Language modeling approaches apply query expansion to incorporate information from Lafferty and Zhai 7 have demonstrated the probability equivalence of the language model to the probabilistic retrieval model under some very strong assumptions  , which may or may not hold in practice. Over all six TREC test sets  , UGM achieves the performance similar to  , or slightly worse than  , that of BIR. While tbe power of this model yields strong retrieval effectiveness  , the structured queries supported by the model present a challenge when considering optimization techniques. Evidence from a variety of sources may be combined using smrctured queries to produce a final probabilistic belief m the relevance of a given document. Antoniol  , Canfora  , Casazza  , DeLucia  , and Merlo 3 used the vector space model and a probabilistic model to recover traceability from source code modules to man pages and functional requirements. Much work has been accomplished in applying information retrieval techniques to the candidate link generation problem. We chose PIR models because we could extend them to model data dependencies and correlations the critical ingredients of our approach in a more principled manner than if we had worked with alternate IR ranking models such as the Vector-Space model. To achieve this  , we develop ranking functions that are based on Probabilistic Information Retrieval PIR ranking models. In the use of language modeling by Ponte and Croft 17  , a unigram language model is estimated for each document  , and the likelihood of the query according to this model is used to score the document for ranking. The language modeling approach to information retrieval has recently been proposed as a new alternative to traditional vector space models and other probabilistic models. The probability that a query T 1   , T 2   , · · ·   , T n of length n is generated by the language model of the document with identifier D is defined by the following equation: We currently concentrate on system design and integration. Research on disambiguating senses of the translated queries and distributing the weighting for each translation candidate in a vector space model or a probabilistic retrieval model 3 will be the primary focus in the second phase of the MUST project. This paper will demonstrate that these advantages translate directly into improved retrieval performance for the routing problem. In contrast  , query expansion uses a limited probabilistic model that assumes independence between features and the model parameters are often fit in a heuristic manner based on term frequency information from the corpus. It is a probabilistic model that considers documents as binary vectors and ranks them in order of their probability of relevance given a query according to the Probability Ranking Principle 2. The Binary Independence Model BIM has been one of the most influential models in the history of Information Retrieval 3 . The main feature of the PRM-S model is that weights for combining field-level scores are estimated based on the predicted mapping between query terms and document fields  , which can be efficiently computed based on collection term statistics. In this section  , we propose a non-parametric probabilistic model to measure context-based and overall relevance between a manuscript and a candidate citation  , for ranking retrieved candidates. Our model is general and simple so that it can be used to efficiently and effectively measure the similarity between any two documents with respect to certain contexts or concepts in information retrieval. This work is also closely related to the retrieval models that capture higher order dependencies of query terms. We believe this is because our system is unique among participants in that it is a combination of two different models. The proposed model is guided by the principle that given the normalized frequency of a term in a document   , the score is proportional to the likelihood that the normalized tf is maximum with respect to its distribution in the elite set for the corresponding term. The PLM at a position of a document would be estimated based on the propagated word counts from the words at all other positions in the document. Lafferty and Zhai 7 have demonstrated the probability equivalence of the language model to the probabilistic retrieval model under some very strong assumptions  , which may or may not hold in practice. This gap has occasioned effort to relate these two models 7  , 8. Next  , we improve on it by employing a probabilistic generative model for documents  , queries and query terms  , and obtain our best results using a variant of the model that incorporates a simple randomwalk modification. Our initial approach is motivated by heuristic methods used in traditional vector-space information retrieval. This paper focuses on whether the use of context information can enhance retrieval effectiveness in retrospective experiments that use the statistics of relevance information similar to the w4 term weight 1  , the ratio of relevance odds and irrelevance odds. The term weight is calculated by multiplying probabilities similar to the well-known probabilistic models i.e. , binary independence model 1 and language model e.g. , 2. This paper discusses an approach to the incorporation of new variables into traditional probabilistic models for information retrieval  , and some experimental results relating thereto. The formal model which is used to investigate the effects of these variables is the 2–Poisson model Harter 5  , Robertson  , van Rijsbergen and Porter 6. MUST currently uses all the possible translations for each content word and performs no weight adjustment. However  , as any retrieval system has a restricted knowledge about a request  , the notation /A: used in the probabilistic formulas below does not relate to a single request  , it stands for a set of requests about which the system has the same knowledge. In contrast ~o the BIT model  , the RPI model is able to distinguish between different requests using the same query formulation. If Model 3 constitutes a valid schema for this kind of a search situation  , we see that it should be applicable not only to the document retrieval problem but for other kinds of search and retrieval situations as well. Now the function of a probabilistic search and retrieval system is to combine those and other estimates and to predict  , for each item  , the probability that it would be one of the items wanted by the patron in question. These dependent term groups were then used to modify the rankings of documents retrieved by a probabilistic retrieval  , as was done in CROVS6a. We produced by hand REST representations of a set of queries from the CACM collection  , and then automatically generated for each query subsets of terms that the REST representation indicated were related conceptually  , and which thus should be considered mutually dependent in a probabilistic model. Among the applications for a probabilistic model are i accurate search and retrieval from Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Probabilistic models for document corpora are a central concern for IR researchers. Our performance experiments demonstrate the efficiency and practical viability of TopX for ranked retrieval of XML data. Table 4: TopX runs with probabilistic pruning for various at k = 10 a number of novel features: carefully designed  , precomputed index tables and a cost-model for scheduling that helps avoiding or postponing random accesses; a highly tuned method for index scans and priority queue management; and probabilistic score predictors for early candidate pruning. In information retrieval domain  , systems are founded on three basic ones models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model which were derived within many variations extended Boolean models  , models based on fuzzy sets theory  , generalized vector space model ,. So some works defined models that attempt to directly score the documents by taking into account the proximity of the query terms within them. Basically  , a model of Type I is a model where balls tokens are randomly extracted from an urn  , whilst in Type II models balls are randomly extracted from an urn belonging to a collection of urns documents. In 1976 Robertson and Sparck Jones proposed a second probabilistic model which we shall refer to as Model 2 for the document retrieval problem. Therefore  , according to Model 2  , the function of a document re-trieval system is to compute for each patron the probability that he will judge a document having the properties that he sought relevant; and then to rank the output ac- cordingly. To evaluate relevance of retrieved opinion sentences in the situation where humanlabeled judgments are not available  , we measured the proximity between the retrieved text and the actual reviews of a query product. 5 Model 2 interprets the information seeking situation in the usual way as follows: The documents in the collection have a wide variety of different properties; semantic properties of aboutness  , linguistic properties concerning words that occur in their titles or text  , contextual properties concerning who are their authors  , where they were published   , what they cited  , etc. Finally  , we demonstrate the benefits of simply establishing a one-to-one mapping between keywords and the states of the semantic classification problem over the more complex  , and currently popular  , joint modeling of keyword and visual feature distributions. However  , diaeerent research communities have associated diaeerent partially incompatiblee interpretations with the values returned from such score functions   , such astThe fuzzy set interpretation ë2  , 8ë  , the spatial interpretation originally used in text databases  , the metric interpetation ë9ë  , or the probabilistic interpretation underlying advanced information retrieval systems ë10ë. It is therefore common practice in information retrieval and multimedia databases to use numeric scores in the interval ë0 ,1ë to model user interests ë6  , 5  , 7ë. The classical probabilistic retrieval model 16  , 13  of information retrieval has received recognition for being theoreti- Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Language modeling approaches apply query expansion to incorporate information from Recently  , though  , it has been proved that considering sequences of terms that form query concepts is beneficial for retrieval 6. Next  , we use the highest-ranked concepts for each query to improve the retrieval effectiveness of the verbose queries on several standard TREC newswire and web collections. Following 21  , we define a theme as follows: Definition 1 Theme A theme in a text collection C is a probabilistic distribution of words characterizing a semantically coherent topic or subtopic. In information retrieval and text mining  , it is quite common to use a word distribution to model topics  , subtopics  , or themes in text3  , 12  , 1  , 21. According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution  , which is estimated from all sampled documents. Building on prior research in federated search  , we formulate two collection ranking strategies using a probabilistic retrieval framework based on language modeling techniques. The framework is very general and expressive  , and by choosing specific models and loss functions it is possible to recover many previously developed frameworks. In this framework we assume a probabilistic model for the parameters of document and query language models  , and cast the retrieval problem in terms of risk minimization. We focused on the problem of opinion topic relatedness and we showed that using proximity information of opinionated terms to query terms is a good indicator of opinion and query-relatedness. In Bau99  , the procedure for estimating the addends in equation 2 is exemplarily shown for the mentioned BIR as well as the retrieval-with-probabilistic-indexing RPI model Fuh92. The fact that D i -and D-wide statistical information is employed allows us to assign individual indexing vocabularies j and to the diierent Dj and to D  , respec- tively. In fact  , most of the known non-distributed probabilistic retrieval models propose a RSV computation that is based on an accumulation over all query features. The RPI model exemplarily used in this paper further transforms the addend into a sum over all query features and then estimate values for the resulting feature-related addends; compare equation 3. We first utilize a probabilistic retrieval model to select a smaller set of candidate questions that are relevant to a given review from a large pool of questions crawled from the CQA website. With the dual goal of relevancy and diversity  , we design a two-stage framework to find a set of questions that can be used to summarize a review. The last quantity í µí±í µí±|í µí±  , í µí±¡  , í µí±   , í µí± is the probability that a candidate entity í µí± is the related entity given passage í µí±   , type t and query í µí±. common search strategies involve different features inventors  , owners  , classes  , references  , whose weights need to be balanced ? Formally  , the PLSA model assumes that all P~ can be represented in the following functional form 6  , where it is closely related to other recent approaches for retrieval based on document-specific language models 8  , 1. In the probabilistic setting of PLSA  , the goal is to compute simultaneous estimates for the probability mass functions P5 over f~ for all 5 E ~. The strategy developed from the probabilistic model by Croft CROFS1 ,CROF86a 1 can make use of information about the relative importance of terms and about dependencies between terms. Given a REST representation of a request  , it is relatively straightforward to generate information for a statistical retrieval strategy . Figure 2 shows the recallprecision curves for the results of executing 19 queries with the two retrieval mechanisms LSA and probabilistic model supported in CodeBroker. Recall is the proportion of relevant material actually retrieved in answers to a query; and precision is the proportion of retrieved material that is actually relevant. In this paper we: i present a general probabilistic model for incorporating information about key concepts into the base query  , ii develop a supervised machine learning technique for key concept identification and weighting  , and iii empirically demonstrate that our technique can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness for verbose queries. Indeed  , when comparing the effectiveness of the retrieval using either <title> or <desc> query types  , we note that <title> queries consistently perform better on a variety of TREC collections see Table 1. For information retrieval  , query prefetching typically assumes a probabilistic model  , e.g. , considering temporal features 6. In computer architecture design  , prefetching is usually employed to request instructions that are anticipated to be executed in the future and place them in the CPU cache. Our model integrates information produced by some standard fusion method  , which relies on retrieval scores ranks of documents in the lists  , with that induced from clusters that are created from similar documents across the lists. Accordingly  , we present a novel probabilistic approach to fusion that lets similar documents across the lists provide relevance-status support to each other. In this section  , we analyze the probabilistic retrieval model based on the multinomial distribution to shed some light on the intuition of using the DCM distribution. The probability of document d l generated by relevant class is defined as the multinomial distribution: With such a probabilistic model  , we can then select those segmentations with high probabilities and use them to construct models for information retrieval. Because query segmentation is potentially ambiguous  , we are interested in assessing the probability of a query segmentation under some probability distribution: P S|θ. Each model ranks candidates according to the probability of the candidate being an expert given the query topic  , but the models differ in how this is performed. Our models are based on probabilistic language modeling techniques which have been successfully applied in other Information Retrieval IR tasks. We chose probabilistic structured queries PSQ as our CLIR baseline because among vector space techniques for CLIR it presently yields the best retrieval effectiveness. A major motivation for us to develop the cross-language meaning matching model is to improve CLIR effectiveness over a strong CLIR baseline. With the mapping probabilities estimated as described above  , the probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S can use these as weights for combining the scores from each field PQLw|fj into a document score  , as follows: Also  , PM Fj denotes the prior probability of field Fj mapped into any query term before observing collection statistics. He proposed to extract temporal expressions from news  , index news articles together with temporal expressions   , and retrieve future information composed of text and future dates by using a probabilistic model. The future retrieval problem was first presented by Baeza- Yates 3. In particular  , we hope to develop and test a model  , within the framework of the probabilistic theory of document retrieval  , which makes optimum use of within-document frequencies in searching. One of the main objects of the project is to bring together these two strands of work on indexing and searching. Progress towards this end  , both theoretical and experimental  , is described in this chapter. The language modeling approach to information retrieval represents queries and documents as probabilistic models 1. While this is an ad-hoc method to determine the probabilities of a query model  , it does allow for the ICF to be partially separated from document smoothing. Researchers explicitly attempted to model word occurrences in relevant and nonrelevant classes of documents  , and used their models to classify the document into the more likely class. Earlier work on probabilistic models of information retrieval 19  , 18  , 17  , 22  took a conceptually different approach. Unsupervised topic modeling has been an area of active research since the PLSA method was proposed in 17 as a probabilistic variant of the LSA method 9  , the approach widely used in information retrieval to perform dimensionality reduction of documents. Then  , generation of a word in this model is defined as follows: In 1  , the authors recommend citations to users based on the similarity between a candidate publication's in-link citation contexts and a user's input texts. Using the notion of the context  , we can develop a probabilistic context-based retrieval model 2. Strictly speaking  , the context of a query term q i ,k occurred at the k-th location of the i-th document is the terms surrounding and including q i ,k . For example  , for the query " bank of america online banking "   , {banking  , 0.001} are all valid segmentations  , where brackets   are used to indicate segment boundaries and the number at the end is the probability of that particular segmentation. The initial thresholds are set to a large multiple of the probability of selecting the query from a random document. They use a probabilistic retrieval model which assumes that the user generates the query from an ideal internal representation of a relevant document. The basic system we used for SK retrieval in TREC-8 is similar to that presented at TREC-7 11   , but the final system also contains several new devices. A new technique called Parallel Collection Frequency Weighting PCFW is also presented along with an implementation of document expansion using the parallel corpus within the framework of the Probabilistic Model. Figure 5shows the interpolated precision scores for the top 20 retrieved page images using 1-word queries. Assuming the metric is an accurate reflection of result quality for the given application  , our approach argues that optimizing the metric will guide the system towards desired results. In general  , our work indicates the potential value of " teaching to the test " —choosing  , as the objective function to be optimized in the probabilistic model  , the metric used to evaluate the information retrieval system. Unlike most existing combination strategies   , ours makes use of some knowledge of the average performance of the constituent systems. We propose a new  , probabilistic model for combining the ranked lists of documents obtained by any number of query retrieval systems in response to a given query. In this section we give a brief survey of several developments in both of these directions   , highlighting interesting connections between the two. With respect to representations  , two research directions can be taken in order to relax the independence assumption 9  , 16. The use of these two weights is equivalent to the tf.idf model SALT83b ,CROF84 which is regarded as one of the best statistical search strategies. To test the effectiveness of these various methods we used them in combination with a probabilistic retrieval incorporating inverse document frequency and within document frequency weights. We calculate the log-odds ratio of the probabilities of relevant and irrelevant given a particular context and assign the value to the query term weight. Estimating £ ¤ § © in a typical retrieval environment is difficult because we have no training data: we are given a query  , a large collection of documents and no indication of which documents might be relevant. One of the main obstacles to effective performance of the classical probabilistic models has been precisely the challenge of estimating the relevance model. The language mod¾ However  , the motivation to extend the original probabilistic model 28 with within-document term frequency and document length normalisation was probably based on empirical observations. Prior knowledge can be used in a standard way in the language modelling approach to information retrieval. Our aim is to see how much improvement can be achieved using proximity information alone without the need for query-specific opinion-lexicon. The standard probabilistic retrieval model uses three basic parameters  Swanson  , 1974  , 1975: In particular  , instead of considering only the overall frequency characteristics of the terms  , one is interested in the term-occurrence properties in both the relevant and the nonrelevant items with respect to some query. The probabilistic model described in the following may be considered to be a proposal for such a framework. To our knowledge  , no theoretically well founded framework for distributed retrieval is known so far that integrates acceptable non-heuristic solutions to the two problems. In this study  , we further extend the previous utilizations of query logs to tackle the contextual retrieval problems. 6 also pointed out that there is a big gap between term usages of queries and documents and a probabilistic model built through log mining could effectively bridge the gap. have been automatically extra.cted from Boolean queries  , and also where dependencies have been extracted from phrases derived from natural language queries by the user. Those better models would hopefully yield better performance. We have proposed a probabilistic model for combining the outputs of an arbitrary number of query retrieval systems. A more sophisticated evaluation of Equation 1 which accounts for this dependence will almost certainly yield improvements in our strategy  , and we are currently pursuing just such an improvement. In this section  , we describe probFuse  , a probabilistic approach to data fusion. In a training set of Q queries  , P d k |m  , the probability that a document d returned in segment k is relevant  , given that it has been returned by retrieval model m  , is given by: However  , to the best of our knowledge  , there have been no attempts to prefetch RDF data based on the structure of sequential related Sparql queries within and across query sessions. We created a half of the queries  , and collected the other half from empirical experiments and frequently asked questions in Java-related newsgroups. In this work we use the Jelinek–Mercer method for smoothing instead of the Good Turing approach used by Song. Being able to provide specific answers is only possible from models supporting LMU only conditionally  , as for example the vector space models with trained parameters or probabilistic models do 7. A naive vector space model based on simple overlap supports both left and right monotonic union 4  and cannot lead to the retrieval of highly specific answers. The central issue of statistical machine translation is to construct a probabilistic model between the spaces of two languages 4. Many problems in machine translation  , information retrieval  , text classification can be modeled as one based on the relation between two spaces. In information retrieval  , many statistical methods 3 8 9 have been proposed for effectively finding the relationship between terms in the space of user queries and those in the space of documents. Note that all evaluations are performed using interpolated scores at ranks 1 to 20  , averaged over all queries. Figure 4shows that this yields a much better ordering than the original probabilistic annotation  , even better than the direct retrieval model for high ranks. This serves as a measure of closeness between the retrieved images and the training examples for the given query. To tackle these challenges  , we develop a two-stage framework to achieve the goal of retrieving a set of non-redundant questions to represent a product review. In this paper we presented a robust probabilistic model for query by melody. We believe that by combining highly accurate genre classification with a robust retrieval and alignment we will be able to provide an effective tool for searching and browsing for both professionals and amateurs. We explored development of a distributed multidimensional indexing model to enable efficient search and aggregation of entities and terms at multiple levels of document context and distributed across a cloud computing cluster. We have shown here that at least as far as the current state of the art with respect to Boolean operators is concerned  , a probabilistic theory of information retrieval can be equally beneficial in this regard. The definition of the pnonn operators is an excellent example of how a mathematical model  , in this case the vector space model  , can guide the researcher toward the development of fruitful ideas. The classic probabilistic model of information retrieval the RSJ model 18 takes the query-oriented view or need-oriented view  , assuming a given information need and choosing the query representation in order to select relevant documents. The two different document-oriented and query-oriented views on how to assign a probability of relevance of a document to a user need have resulted in several different types of practical mod- els 17 . This ranking function includes a probability called the term significunce weight that can estimated by nor- malizing the within document frequency for a term in a particular document. The way this information can be used is best described using the probabilistic model of retrieval  , although the same information has been used effectively in systems based on the vector space model Salton and McGill  , 1983; Salton  , 1986; Fagan  , 1987  , 1981  , 1983. Representative examples include the Probabilistic Indexing model that studies how likely a query term is assigned to a relevant document 17  , the RSJ model that derives a scoring function on the basis of the log-ratio of probability of relevance 20  , to name just a few. In Information Retrieval Modelling  , the main efforts have been devoted to  , for a specific information need query  , automatically scoring individual documents with respect to their relevance states. To the best of our knowledge  , our paper presents the very first application of all three n-gram based topic models on Gigabyte collections  , and a novel way to integrate n-gram based topic models into the language modeling framework for information retrieval tasks. All Permission to copy without ~ee all or part o~ this material is granted provided th;ot the copyright notice a~ the "Organization o~ the 1~86-ACM Con~erence an Research and Development in Information Retrieval~ and the title o~ the publication and it~ date appear. But this model has never been investigated in experiments  , because of the problem of estimating the required probabilistic parameten. In the next section  , we address these concerns by taking a more principled approach to set-based information retrieval via maximum a posteriori probabilistic inference in a latent variable graphical model of marginal relevance PLMMR. Furthermore  , MMR is agnostic to the specific similarity metrics used  , which indeed allows for flexibility  , but makes no indication as to the choice of similarity metrics for Sim1 and Sim2 that are compatible with each other and also appropriate for good performance. ln the experiments reported in this paper we have also incremented document scores by some factor but the differences between our experiment and Croft's work are the methods used for identifying dependencies from queries  , and the fact that syntactic information from document texts sentence a.nd phrase boundaries is used in our work. While the inherent benefits of longer training times and better model estimates are now fairly well understood  , it has one additional advantage over query centric retrieval that does not appear to be widely appreciated. The precise probabilistic formulation was eventually formalized in 5  , 27 and appears to have been rediscovered by the IR community at large  , through the language modeling work of Ponte and Croft 19  , a few years later. These methods should be considered with respect to their applicability in the field of information retrieval  , especially those that are based on a probabilistic model: they have a well-founded thm retical background and can be shown to be optimum with respect to certain reasonable restrictions. In the areas of pattern recognition and of machine learning  , a number of sophisticated procedures for classifying complex objects have been developed . Despite this progress in the development of formal retrieval models  , good empirical performance rarely comes directly from a theoretically well-motivated model; rather  , Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Many different retrieval models have been proposed and tested  , including vector space models 13  , 12  , 10   , probabilistic models7  , 16  , 15  , 3  , 6  , 5  , and logic-based models17  , 19  , 2. The actual definition of the term significance weight is Pt; = liD  , which is the probability that term i is assigned to document representative D. For term i in document j  , the term significance weight is referred to by s;j and the resulting ranking function is For systems with great variability in the lengths of its documents   , it would be more realistic to assume that for fixed j  , X is proportional to the length of document k. Assumption b seems to hold  , but sometimes the documents are ordered by topics  , and then adjacent documents often treat the same subject  , so that X and X~ may be positively correlated if Ik -gl is small. For certain full-text retrieval systems  , the ideal probabilistic model assumed in the Theorem is not always appropriate. Our goal in the design of the PIA model and system was to allow a maximum freedom in the formulation and combination of predicates while still preserving a minimum semantic consensus necessary to build a meaningful user interface  , an eaecient query evaluator  , user proaele manager  , persistence manager etc. However  , best-first search also has some problems. Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. The first query delivers already the best possible results only. For searching in the implicit C-space  , any best-first search mechanism can be applied. As evaluation The best 900 rules  , as measured by extended Laplace accuracy  , were saved. Iterative depth first search was used. The pruning comes in three forms. To answer ML2DQ  , we adopt the same best first search approach as LDPQ. Admissible functions are optimistic. Best-first search which uses admissible function  , finds the first goal node that is also the optimal one. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first approach towards comprehensive context modeling for context-aware search. First  , we propose a novel model to support context-aware search. First  , the current best partial solution is expanded its successors are added to the search graph by picking an unexpanded search state within the current policy. Each iteration of AO* search is composed of two parts. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. , by breadth-first  , best-first or depth-first search. We chose these two benchmark systems because Google is currently known as the best general search engine and NanoSpot is currently one of the best NSE domain-specific search engines. In our first user evaluation experiment  , we let domain experts judge and compare the search results from NanoPort to those from two benchmark systems: Google and NanoSpot. Search terminates when no new ps maybeopenedor~only remainingcandidatep: ,iSthe desired destinetionp~ itself. the sholtest disw fhml the starting point a form of " best first " . A reformulation node is chosen based on a modified form of best-first search. A task is defined to be an application of a rule to a goal. To the best of our knowledge  , XSeek is the first XML keyword search engine that automatically infers desirable return nodes to form query results. First the parameter space was coarsely gridded with logarithmic spacing. The search for the best choice of this parameter was performed in two steps.  Results: It presents experimental results from SPR and Prophet with different search spaces. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first characterization of this tradeoff. We first obtain the ground-truth of search intents for each eventdriven query. To select the best source  , we define the criteria as follows: Due to the space limitations  , the details are omitted here. This overhead can be reduced by an approximate pairwise ranking that uses a best-first search strategy. If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. Here  , we present MQSearch: a realization of a search engine with full support for measured information. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first search engine with such support for measured information. The findings can help improve user interface design for expert search. To the best of our knowledge  , this is one of the first query log analyses targeting on expert search. However  , Backward expanding search may perform poorly w.r.t. In brief  , it does a best-first search from each node matching a keyword; whenever it finds a node that has been reached from each keyword  , it outputs an answer tree. Typical state lattice planners for static domains are implemented using a best-first search over the graph such as A* or D*-lite. We now argue that an exhaustive search is necessary anyway for a driving application. The search attention is always concentrated on the current node unless it is abandoned according to the pruning criteria. Best first searches are a subset of heuristic search techniques which are very popular in artificial intelligence. For general or complex prob lem spaces  , such heuristic based search techniques are almost always more e5cient and certainly more interesting. In this work  , we first classify search results  , and then use their classifications directly to classify the original query. The best results were obtained when using 40 top search hits. Notice also that we have chosen to search " worsefirst   , " rather than to search " best-first. " In practice however  , this is almost always the case under any definition of exemplar quality. The simulated search scenario for ENA task was as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first time that an entertainment-based search task is simulated in this way. Furthermore  , the OASIS search technique employs a best-first A* search strategy as it descends the suffix tree. By carefully managing the layout of the suffix tree in disk blocks  , OASIS can be efficient even on large data sets. We first perform a best-first-search in the graph from the node containing the initial position tc the node containing the goal. Suppose we want to compute a trajectory be:ween an initial and a final configuration. Using the best individual from the first run as the basis for a second evolutionary run we evolved a trot gait that moves at 900cm/min. Here we ran experiments first with a large initial search space. Next  , state values and best action choices are updated in a bottom-up manner  , starting from the newly expanded state. Browsing a " best " set required using the application's pull-down menu to open files from the hard disk. Launching an image search required first launching a text search or " best " browse that displayed the resulting thumbnails  , and then dragging and dropping a thumbnail into the upper left pane. System B scored best when respondents reacted to the third statement  , about search outcome 24-score mean: 1.46  , and scored almost as well on the first statement 24score mean: 1.50. System A scored best when respondents recorded their reactions to the first statement  , about their pre-query 'mental image' 24score mean: 1.21. Then  , we use the generic similarity search model two times consecutively  , to first find the best candidate popular patterns and second locate the best code examples. At run-time  , for a given query  , first the most relevant p-strings are identified. If the goal t for finite search spacar $ &t first fiche csns.s some depth first search at the most promising node and if a solution is not found  , thii node soon becomes less promising zu compared to 8ome other aa yet unexplored node which is then expanded and subsequently explored. Best first searches combine the advantages of heuristics with other blind search techniques like DFS and BFS $. Based on our experiments  , we find that our system enables broad crosslingual support for a wide variety of location search queries  , with results that compare well with the best monolingual location search providers. In this section  , we first establish a baseline using our transliteration module and commercial monolingual location search systems  , since no other comparable crosslingual location search system exists. Nevertheless  , since this work is the first step toward our final goal  , our model is yet to cover all the aspects of location-based social search. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work on developing a formal model for location-based social search that considers check-in information as well as alternative recommendation. Non-promising URLs are put to the back of the queue where they rarely get a chance to be visited.  We present an experimental evaluation  , demonstrating that our approach is a promising one. Using best-first search  , SCUP generates compositions for WSC problems with minimal cost of violations of the user preferences. It performs a best-first search of a graph of possible foot placements to explore sequences of trajectories. Our prototype planner is a simple attempt to meet these goals. The increase in search space can also be seen in the size of the resulting lattice. The resulting 1-best error rates decrease for the first three setups but stays around the same for the third and fourth. TREC 2005 was the first year for the enterprise track  , which is an outgrowth of previous years' web track tasks. Thus  , more work is needed to understand how best to support discussion search. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first work to apply federated IR techniques in the context of entity search. In future work  , we plan to expand our work to non-cooperative environments. This can be achieved by applying the negative logarithm to the original multiplicative estimator function Eq. In order to use established best-first search approaches  , we need to make the heuristic function both additive and positive. For example   , a topic-focused best-first crawler 9 retrieves only 94 Movie search forms after crawling 100 ,000 pages related to movies. But searchable forms are very sparsely distributed over the Web  , even within narrow domains. During a search  , the crawler only follows links from pages classified as being on-topic. The best-first crawler BFC uses a classifier that learns to classify pages as belonging to topics in a taxonomy. Furthermore  , to the best of our knowledge  , SLIDIR is the first system specifically designed to retrieve and rank synthetic images. SLIDIR differs from general image search engines  , as it focuses solely on slide image retrieval from presentation sets. An appropriate heuristic function is used to compute the promise of a path. Traditionally  , test collections are described as consisting of three components: topics  , documents and relevance judgments 5. Ranked retrieval test collections support insightful  , explainable  , repeatable and affordable evaluation of the degree to which search systems present results in best-first order. Academic search engines have become the starting point for many researchers when they draft research manuscripts or work on proposals. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that studies academic query classification. A best first search without backtracking should be effective if the pedestrian templates we take distribute averagely. The whole pedestrian area in RPUM will then be set black to avoid duplicate matching. In this paper  , we presented two methods for collection ranking of distributed knowledge repositories. The candidate graph G c is a directed graph containing important associations of variables where the redundancy of associations should be minimized. K2 uses a simple incremental search strategy: it first searches for the best Suppose we have in the node Z state with R started separated sessions. This global view is a map of the search results over geographic space. The first is a global view of the results that shows what grid cells on the Earth best match the query. Within the class of heuristic searches  , R* is somewhat related to K-best-first search 20. However  , the methodological exploration limits them from being widely applicable to high-dimensional planning. The latter limits the number of successors for each expanded state to at most K states. For the first encounter  , we search the best matching scans. Encounters between robots black lines as well as loop closing constraints red lines within a trajectory are generated by scan matching. Another group of related work is graph-based semi-supervised learning. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is one of the first to study the search task that a web page can accomplish. Although other work has explored dwell time  , to the best of our knowledge this is the first work to use dwell time for a large scale  , general search relevance task. Finally  , we conclude the paper in Section 7. This paper provides a first attempt to bridge the gap between the two evolving research areas: procedural knowledge base and taskoriented search. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , structured or semi-structured procedural knowledge has not been studied in the context of task-oriented search as a means to improve search quality and experience. The second set of experiments were run to determine the best of several search routines and matching functions that could be used to register the long-term and short-term perception maps. Given a user query  , we first determine dynamically appropriate weights of visual features  , to best capture the discriminative aspects of the resulting set of images that is retrieved. In this paper we introduce new methods to diversify image search results. The page classifier guides the search and the crawler follows all links that belong to a page whose contents are classified as being on-topic. Baseline  , a variation of the best-first crawler 9. However  , the internal crawl is restricted to the webpages of the examined site. Analogously to a focused page crawler  , the internal crawler traverses the web using a best-first search strategy. In our first attempt we did a plain full text keyword search for labels and synonyms and created one mapping for the best match if there was one. We searched for English labels and synonyms of the FMA in Wikipedia. In this context  , the ontological reasoning provides a way to compute the heuristic cost of a method before decomposing it. A recent work 30 also propose to incorporate content salience into predicting user attention on SERPs. To our best knowledge  , we are among the first to adopt visual saliency information in predicting search examination behavior. Secondly  , we would like to establish whether term frequency  , as modelled by the TP distribution  , represents useful additional information. As far as the initial search is concerned  , there is  , first  , the issue of whether IDF weighting is the best strategy. The best-first planning BFP inethod 9 is adopted to search points with the minimum potential. 7  , the result of path planning demonstrates that the method is able to handle the complexity terrain. Since the object inference may not be perfect  , multiple correspondences are allowed. A best-first search is used to build the correspondences of objects using three types of constraints. The second criterion considers different kinds of relationships between an input query and its suggestions. To the best of our knowledge   , this is the first criterion that compares the search result quality of the input query and its suggestions. The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. Comparing the running times we observe that MaxMiner is the best method for this type of data. Users rely on search engines not only to return pages related to their search query  , but also to separate the good from the bad  , and order results so that the best pages are suggested first. The sheer number of both good and bad pages on the Web has led to an increasing reliance on search engines for the discovery of useful information. It requires assessors to compare the search results of the suggestions to that of the input query and awards those suggestions having better search results. As partial matches are computed   , the search also computes an upper-bound on the cost of matching the remaining portion of the query. We want to demonstrate the use of the symbiotic model by picking an off-the-shelf search engine and a generic topical crawler. For each top ranked search result  , they performed a limited breadth first search and found that searching to a distance of 4 resulted in the best performance. Vassilvitskii and Brill 6 used distance on the web graph to perform a reranking of search results given that relevant documents link to other relevant documents. This is essentially a single-pair search for n constrained paths through a graph with n nodes. First  , the K-best search is replaced with a search that obtains the shortest path through each node in the graph one for each path. The first query is a general term  , by which the user is searching for the best coffee in Seattle area; whereas the second query is used to search for a coffee shop chain named as Seattle's Best Coffee which was originated from Seattle but now has expanded into other cities as well. These two queries are very similar but mean for different things. The first task corresponds to an end-user task where focused retrieval answers are grouped per document  , in their original document order  , providing access through further navigational means. This led to the introduction of two search tasks at INEX 2006: Relevant in Context and Best in Context  , and the elicitation of a separate Best-entry-point judgment. In this section we present experimental results for search with explicit and implicit annotations. One can imagine  , for example  , that a query like " best physical training class at Almaden " will indeed return as the first hit a page describing the most popular physical training program offered to IBM Almaden employees  , because many people have annotated this page with the keyword " best " . Our first experiment investigates the differences in retrieval performance between LSs generated from three different search engines. We have shown in 21  that 5-and 7-term LSs perform best  , depending on whether the focus is on obtaining the best mean rank or the highest percentage of top ranked URIs. In DAFFODIL the evaluation function is given by degree centrality measuring the number of co-authorships of a given actor  , i.e. MPA can be therefore seen as a best-first search that reduces the number of paths to be pursued to the best ones by applying a particular evaluation function. Such a path is expected to provide the best opportunity for the machine to place its feet while moving with a certain gait over a rough terrain. The commonly known Best First Planning 9  will also be adopted to search an optimal path. In our experiments  , we observe that adding the author component tends to improve the recommendation quality better so we first tune α  , which yields different f-scores  , as shown by the blue curve in Fig. We determine which of the two components obtains greater improvement if incorporated  , search for the best parameter for this component  , fix it  , and then search for the best parameter for the other component. In the beginning we consider the first k links from each search engine  , find the permutation with highest self-similarity  , record it  , remove the links selected from candidate sets  , and then augment them by the next available links k + 1. This method is similar to BestSim method  , but instead of looking for a single permutation with best self-similarity we try to find the first m best permutations. As we shall discuss  , this Web service is only usable for specific goal instances – namely those that specify a city wherein the best restaurant in French. We specify the techniques in a first-order logic framework and illustrate the definitions by a running example throughout the paper: a goal specifies the objective of finding the best restaurant in a city  , and a Web service provides a search facility for the best French restaurant in a city. Over the past decade  , the Web has grown exponentially in size. Since the only task was to perform a real time ad hoc search for the track  , we decided that the task would be best suited by using a traditional search methodology. As this was the first year for the Microblog Track  , our primary goal was to create a baseline method and then attempt to improve upon the baseline. Financial data  , such as macro-economic indicator time series for countries  , information about mergers and acquisition M&A deals between companies  , or stock price time series  , is typically stored in relational databases  , requiring domain expertise to search and retrieve. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first system combining natural language search and NLG for financial data. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that incorporates tight lower bounding and upper bounding distance function and DWT as well as triangle inequality into index for similarity search in time series database. Haar wavelet transform has been used in many domains  , for example  , time series similarity search 11. The idea of heuristic best-first search is to estimate which nodes are most promising in the candidate set and then continue searching in the way of the most promising node. Heuristic search aspires to solve this problem efficiently by utilizing background knowledge encoded in a heuristic function. 2 We make our search system publicly accessible for enabling further research on and practical applications for web archives. For the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to provide entity-oriented search on the Internet Archive  , as the basis for a new kind of access to web archives  , with the following contributions: 1 We propose a novel web archive search system that supports entity-based queries and multilingual search. By taking advantage of the best-first search  , the search space is effectively pruned and the top-k relevant objects are returned in an incremental manner. In the second step  , COR computes the accurate visibilities for objects   , as well as the tightest visibility upper bounds for IR-tree nodes. Description: Given this situation  , this person needs to first scan the whole system to identify the best databases for one particular topic  , then conduct a systematic search on those databases on a specific topic. But s/he has no idea about which of the many possible databases to search. Our results explain their finding by showing that relevant documents are found within a distance of 5 or are as likely to be found as non-relevant documents. For fuzzy search  , we compute records with keywords similar to query keywords  , and rank them to find the best answers. For exact search  , we find records containing the first two keywords and a word with prefix of " li "   , e.g. , record r 5. With an in-depth study to analyze the impacts of saliency features in search environment  , we demonstrate visual saliency features have a significant improvement on the performance of examination prediction. To our best knowledge  , we are the first to use visual saliency maps in search scenario. Since the pioneering work of Agrawal 1 and Faloutsos 2  , there emerged many fruit of research in similarity search of time series. Thus  , it is most beneficial for the search engine to place best performing ads first. As with search results  , the probability that a user clicks on an advertisement declines rapidly  , as much as 90% 5  , with display position see Figure 1. If additional speed is required from the graph search it may be possible to use a best first approach or time limit the search. Obviously there is nothing inherent in each of the factors which determines how heavily each should be weighted  , but this may be established on an experimental basis. While all three access mechanisms were identified prominently in the tutorial—a color  , printed document left with each participant—non-text access required extra thought and work. The GBRT reranker is by far the best  , improving by over 33% the precision of UDMQ  , which achieved the highest accuracy among all search engines participating in the MQ09 competition. First  , we see that all image-based rerankers yield higher values of statMPC@10 than the search engines using text only. The central contribution of this work is the observation that a perfect document ranking system does not necessarily lead to an upper-bound expert search performance. To our best knowledge  , this is the first study of the extent to which an upper-bound limit of expert search performance is achievable when in presence of perfect document rankings. Thus  , to efficiently maintain an up-to-date collection of hidden-Web sources  , a crawling strategy must perform a broad search and simultaneously avoid visiting large unproductive regions of the Web. If the individual rankings of the search engines are perfect and each search engine is equally suited to the query  , this method should produce the best ranking. Note that in this method  , duplicate links are reported only when the first occurrence is seen. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is the first to establish a collaborative Twitter-based search personalization framework and present an effective means to integrate language modeling  , topic modeling and social media-specific components into a unified framework. Moreover  , the user's query has not been considered and thus the methods cannot be readily applied to microblog search personalization. This paper describes a preliminary  , and the first to the best of our knowledge  , attempt to address the interesting and practical challenge of a search engine duel. The approach also substantially outperforms a highly effective fusion method that merges the results of the strong and weak search engines. Since OASIS always expands the node at the head of the priority queue  , it is a best-first search technique like A*. The close correspondence between the search expansion and the suffix tree implies that this step corresponds to exploring all the children of the corresponding suffix tree node. This approach is suitable for building a comprehensive index  , as found in search engines such as Google or AltaVista. 2 If the Web is viewed as a graph with the nodes as documents and the edges as hyperlinks  , a crawler typically performs some type of best-first search through the graph  , indexing or collecting all of the pages it finds. Another approach which is currently being investigated is to merge the graph built on the previous run of the Navigator with the one currently being built. Several research studies 21  , 1  , 5  , 28 highlighted the value of roles as means of control in collaborative applications . To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt for mining users' roles within a collaborative search  , which enables implicitly and dynamically assigning roles to users in which they can be most e↵ective at the current search stage. It makes us believe that a prediction framework based on traditional position factors and the newly proposed visual saliency information may be a better way than existing solutions in modeling the examination behavior of search users. In this paper  , we present a novel examination model based on static information of SERPs  , which has more practical applications in search scenario than existing user-interaction-based models . In the remainder of this paper  , Section 2 discusses related work on expert search and association models. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt to infer the strength of document-person associations beyond authorship attribution for expert search in academia. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first study to evaluate the impact of SSD on search engine cache management. To complement the inadequacy of cache hit ratio as the metric  , our study is based on real replays of a million of queries on an SSD-enabled search engine architecture and our findings are reported based on actual query latency. When more than one task is returned from the procedural knowledge base  , we need to determine which task is the best fit for the user's search intent. Given a task-oriented search task represented by query q  , we first retrieve a list of candidate tasks from the procedural knowledge base that mention the query q in either the summary or the explanation. We extract the search result pages belong to Yelp 2   , TripAdvisor 3 and OpenTable 4 from the first 50 results. This year we conduct a best-effort strategy to crawl online opinions in the following way: We first use the candidate suggestion name with its location city + state as the query to Google 1 it. When searching for syllabi on a generic search engine the best case scenario is that the first handful of links returns the most popular syllabi and the rest of them are not very relevant. The first two results are duplicates  , the third result is 8 years old  , and the fourth is not a course syllabus. The first is Best- First search  , which prioritizes links in the frontier based on the similarity between the query and the page where the link was found. Our second goal is to apply this evaluation framework to compare three types of crawlers. of the measure we want to minimize for configurations inside this cell  , weighted by the average probability for all cells of the graph. Admissible heuristic function guarantees to find optimal solutions  , that means the cheapest 1 path from start to goal node if the path exists. The TREC topics are real queries  , selected by editors from a search engine log. We illustrate the effectiveness of this approach using the first six TREC 2003 Web Track topic distillation topics taking the first six to avoid cherry-picking queries for which our method works best. In this paper we aim to learn from positive and negative user interactions recorded in voice search logs to mine implicit transcripts that can be used to train ASR models for voice queries first contribution . It is also evident that the user interactions during the first two queries could perhaps be used to rank the correct suggestion in n-best on top. Ours is also the first to provide an in-depth study of selecting new web pages for recommendations. To the best of the authors' knowledge  , however  , our work is the first on automatically detecting queries representing specific standing interests   , based on users' search history  , for the purposes of making web page recommendations. One of the first focused web crawlers was presented by 8 which introduced a best-first search strategy based on simple criteria such as keyword occurrences and anchor texts. In this section  , we discuss related work on focused crawling as well as on text and web classification. Focused crawling  , on the other hand  , attempts to order the URLs that have been discovered to do a " best first " crawl  , rather than the search engine's " breadth-first " crawl. " Rather  , any and all newly discovered links are placed onto the crawl frontier to be downloaded when their turn comes. Beam-search is a form of breadth-first search  , bounded both in width W and depth D. We use parameters D = 4 to find descriptions involving at most 4 conjunctions  , and W = 10 to use only the best 10 hypotheses for refinement in the next level. The quality of such rules is expressed with a confidence-intervalP with P = .95  , and the employed search strategy is beamsearchW  ,D. Also  , it is very difficult to search for syllabi on a per-subject basis or restrict the search to just syllabi if one is looking for something specific—like how many syllabi use a certain text book for instance. The first run for list-questions selected the twelve best matching answers  , whereas the second and third run used our answer cardinality method Section 2.3  , to select the N-best answers. The parameters for factoid-questions were the use of hypernyms  , the use of hyponyms harvested from large corpora i.e. , not from WordNet  , and whether documents from the Blog06 corpus were included in the search or not. Because we did not have any ground truth for selecting among these alternatives in the first year of the track  , we instantiated a small crowdsourcing task on CrowdFlower  , 9 in which we showed the annotators questions from the final dry run  , with up to six answers from the six retrieval configurations when two or more methods returned the same answer  , we would show fewer than six options. When we search in old best answers  , we just return the best answer that we find. Using the document option  , the user can browse through each document; information displayed includes the first lines of the documents  , the list of references cited in the paper  , the list of papers citing the document and the list of other related documents. Given a search query  , ResearchIndex retrieves either the documents document option for which the content match best the query terms  , or the citations citation option that best matches the query terms. Furthermore  , all of these search engines Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Currently  , to the best of our knowledge  , all of the existing search engines have been examined only for small and/or unreal data. 2 Based on the documents you've examined on the search result list  , please select the star rating that best reflects your opinion of the actual quality of the query subjects were presented with the 5-star rating widget. While the first question was identical to one of the initial query evaluation questions  , the second contained slight word changes to indicate that subjects should consider their experiences evaluating search results. To our best knowledge  , this work is the first systematic study for BT on real world ads click-through log in academia. In this work  , we provide a systematic study on the ads clickthrough log of a commercial search engine to validate and compare different BT strategies for online advertising. Such useful documents may then be ranked low by the search engine  , and will never be examined by typical users who do not look beyond the first page of results. Unfortunately  , the documents with the best answers may contain only one or two terms from the original query. The standard approach to document collection and indexing on the web is the use of a web crawler. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to use a weighted-multiple-window-based approach in a language model for association discovery. We propose to integrate the above three innovative points in a two-stage language model for more effective expert search than using document content alone. Our primary contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first study that both proposes a theoretical framework for eliminating selection bias in personal search and provides an extensive empirical evaluation using large-scale live experiments. The second task  , namely prior art search  , consists of 1000 test patents and the task is to retrieve sets of documents invalidating each test patent. The first task  , namely the technology survey  , consists of 18 expert-defined natural language expressions of the information needed and the task is to retrieve a set of documents from a predefined collection that can best answer the questions. The first and simplest heuristic investigates estimates of search engine's page counts for queries containing the artist to be classified and the country name. We conducted experiments with various tf · idf variants and found that the following seems to be suited best for this particular task: Our contribution is three-fold: to the best of our knowledge  , this is a first attempt to i investigate diversity for event-driven queries  , ii use the stream of Wikipedia article changes to investigate temporal intent variance for event-driven queries 2   , and iii quantify temporal variance between a set of search intents for a topic. reflect intent popularity over time ? SCUP combines HTN planning with best-first search that uses a heuristic selection mechanism based on ontological reasoning over the input user preferences  , state of the world  , and the HTNs. The task we have defined is to travel to a destination while obeying gait constraints. The branching factor of the best-first search is thus a function of the number of terrain segments reachable from a given liftoff and the sample spacing of the selection procedure. The backtraclking method applies the last-in-first-out policy to node generation instead of node expansion. I f it fails to find a solution  , we return to get the second best marking on OPEN as: a new root for a BT search  , and so on. After the candidate scene is selected by the priority-rating strategy  , its SIFT features are stored in a kd-tree and the best-bin-first strategy is used to search feature matches. In our work  , we use four pairs to calculate a candidate transformation. This research has been co-financed by the European Union European Social Fund ESF and Greek national funds through the Operational Program " Education and Lifelong Learning " of the National Strategic Reference Framework NSRF -Research Funding Program: Heracleitus II. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work addressing the issue of result diversification in keyword search on RDF data. In our experiments  , we test the geometric mean heuristicusinga twostageN-best rescoring technique: in the first stage  , the beam search is carried out to identify the top N candidates whose scores are consequently normalized by their word sequence lengths in the second stage. 3.1  , the geometric mean heuristics as in 6 poses some challenge to be implemented in the word synchronous fashion. Increasing the candidate statements beyond 200 never increases the number of correct patches that are first to validate . Tables 3 and 4 show how this tradeoff makes the baseline SPR and Prophet configurations perform best despite working with search spaces that contain fewer correct patches. By doing this  , we search for a unified set of latent factors that best explains both content and link structures simultaneously and seamlessly. In our model  , we connect two components through a set of shared factors  , that is  , the latent factors in the second component for contents are tied to the factors in the first component for links. She can ask the librarian's assistance with regards to the terminology and structure of the domain of interest  , or search the catalogue  , then she can browse the shelf that covers the topic of interest and pick the items that are best for the task at hand. The user first chooses a library based  on the domain of interest  , then she explores the library. Naturally  , an abundance of research challenges  , in addition to those we address here  , arise. This person needs to compare the descriptions of the contents of different databases in order to choose the appropriate ones. The problem of selection bias is especially important in the scenario of personal search where the personalized nature of information needs strongly biases the available training data. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is the first to generally study selection bias to improve the effectiveness of learning-to-rank models. By applying A*  , a heuristic based best-first search is performed on the extended visibility graph. Finally  , edges are inserted between all nodes of the visibility graph that have direct visibility and are assigned edge costs proportional to their Euclidean distances. A simple breadth-first search is quite effective in discovering the topic evolution graphs for a seed topic Figure 4and Figure 5a. In this subsection  , rather than focusing on finding the single best parameter values  , we explore the parameter space and present multiple examples of graphs obtained with varying parameter values. The subject is then allowed to use the simple combination method to do search for several times to find the best queries he/she deems appropriate. Every subject is first required to give his/her relevance judgements on the results of QA1 and QA2 w.r.t the two information needs IN1 and IN2. In the same vein  , there are several examples of navigational queries in the IBM intranet where the best result is a function of the geography of the user  , i.e. , the region or country where the user is located. , the sales home page for BTO must rank first in the search results. Additional documents are then retrieved by following the edges from the starting point in the order of a breadth first search. The entry point can be directly provided by the user by selecting a document icon  , or determined by the system as the document that best matches the query. Note that although the first two baselines are heuristic and simple   , they do produce reasonable results for short-term popularity prediction  , thus forming competitive baselines see 29. We use grid search to set the best parameters on the development portion  , and then evaluate all methods on the remaining 90% test portion. We assess our techniques using query logs from a production cluster of a commercial search engine  , a commercial advertisement engine  , as well as using synthetic workloads derived from well-known distributions. To the best of our knowledge  , this policy is the first one to solve the multilevel aggregation problem. The first task provides a set of expertdefined natural language questions of information needs also known as TS topics for retrieving sets of documents from a predefined collection that can best answer those questions. TRECCHEM defines two independent retrieval tasks namely the Technology Survey and the Prior Art Search. A control strategy such as that discussed earlier in this section can be put into the ASN as a "first guess'; that can be adjusted according to experience. The ASN has the capability of learning which action search strategy is the best to take given a particular context. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first studying the relation between long-term web document persistence and relevance for improving search effectiveness. These persistent terms are especially useful for matching navigational queries  , because the relevance of documents for these queries are expected to not change over time. Section 3 presents simulation results that show that our approach yields stable system rankings over a range of parameter settings; Section 4 presents next steps. ARRANGER works as follows: First  , the best ranking functions learned from the training set are stored and the rest are discarded. Note that when we plug in the newly-discovered functions into our search engine  , the same rules must be followed. The system eliminates the pixels in the masked region from the calculation of the correlation of the large template Fig.2left and determines the best match position of the template with the minimum correlation error in a search area. In the second stage  , the system calculates the correlation error of the large template using the mask created in the first stage. In the following discussion we focus on the first type of selection  , that is  , discovering which digital libraries are the best places for the user to begin a search. Each of these research problems presents a number of challenges that must be addressed to provide effective and efficient solutions to the overall problem of distributed information retrieval. In this paper  , we present HAWK  , the to best of our knowledge first fullfledged hybrid QA framework for entity search over Linked Data and textual data. Therefore  , a considerable number of questions can only be answered by using hybrid question answering approaches  , which can find and combine information stored in both structured and textual data sources 22. As mentioned before  , the information about the purpose of a website is usually located around the homepage since most publishers want to tell the user what a website is about  , before providing more specific information. In this paper  , we present a novel distributed keyword-based search technique over RDF data that builds the best k results in the first k generated answers. Experiments over widely used benchmarks have shown very good results with respect to other approaches  , in terms of both effectiveness and efficiency. Users tend to reformulate their queries when they are not happy with search results 4. The information retrieval literature is rich with related techniques that leverage query reformulations and clicks in the past user logs  , however  , to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first large-scale study on mobile query reformulations. Since the first strategy in general produces the shortest key list for record retrieval  , it is usually but not always the best strategy in most sit- uations. The third search strategy  , of course  , uses only the cross reference index on the field "COLOR." In our framework  , called RDivF RDF + Diversity  , which we are currently developing  , we exploit several aspects of the RDF data model e.g. , resource content  , RDF graph structure  , schema information to answer keyword queries with a set of diverse results. A challenge in any search optimization including ours is deriving statistics about variables used in the model; we have presented a few methods to derive these statistics based on data and statistics that is generally available in search engines. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that relates results quality and diversity to expected payoff and risk in clicks and provides a model to optimize these quantities. More concretely  , our contributions are:  We propose a mechanism for expiring cache entries based on a time-to-live value and a mechanism for maintaining the cache content fresh by issuing refresh queries to back-end search clusters  , depending on availability of idle cycles in those clusters. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to consider the problem of refreshing result entries in search engine caches. Second  , we will study  , using well chosen parameters  , which searching scheme is the best for frequent k-n-match search. First  , we will study how to choose parameters  , particularly  , the range of frequent k-n-match  , n0 ,n1   , to optimize its performance we will focus on frequent k-n-match instead of k-n-match  , since frequent k-n-match is the technique we finally use to perform similarity search. Through a large-scale user study with academic experts from several areas of knowledge  , we demonstrate the suitability of the proposed association and normalization models to improve the effectiveness of a state-of-the-art expert search approach. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: in the next Section we introduce the related work  , before going on to describe the unique features of web image search user interfaces in Section 3. Note that  , because the probability of clicking on an ad drops so significantly with ad position  , the accuracy with which we estimate its CTR can have a significant effect on revenues. Along the same vein  , a large body of recent research has focused on continuous queries over data streams e.g. , 2  , 4  , 12  , 14 . Tradeoff: It identifies and presents results that characterize a tradeoff between the size and sophistication of the search space and the ability of the patch generation system to identify correct patches. Our approach to the second selection problem has been discussed elsewhere6 ,7. Our experiments in section 3 are concerned with the manual search task on the TRECVID2002 and TRECVID2003 datasets. Our work focuses on two main areas  , the first is devising a method for combining text annotations and visual features into one single MPEG-7 description and the second is how best to carry out text and nontext queries for retrieval via a combined description. That is  , the first X documents are retrieved from the ranked list  , where X is the number which gives the best average effectiveness as measured by the E value. The serial search was evaluated in both cases by using an optimal cutoff on the ranked documents. The main contributions of this paper are: 1 To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work on modeling user intents as intent hierarchies and using the intent hierarchies for evaluating search result diversity. design hierarchical measures using the intent hierarchies to solve the problems mentioned above. The first purely statistical approach uses a compiled English word list collected from various available linguistic resources. In the following  , we provide more details on methods used by the 5 best performing groups  , whose approaches for detecting opinionated documents have worked well  , compared to a topic-relevance baseline as shown in Table 6proaches for detecting opinionated documents  , integrated into their Terrier search engine. We discretize each parameter in 5 settings in the range 0  , 1 and choose the best-performer configuration according to a grid search. We use the first 20% of the NSH-1 Dataset not included in the evaluation to train the parameters and thresholds in HerbDisc  , by maximizing the average F 1 -measure. Omohundro 1987 proposed that the first experience found in tlie k-d tree search should be used instead  , as it is probably close enough. However  , the number of data points that must be examined to find the best match grows exponentially with the number of dimensions in the data. This means that the program generated an optimal schedule with the same makespan in a much shorter time using function h2m. The corresponding operation times are given in Notice h2m reduced the number of iterations quite significantly  , i.e. , 74% less than the case of hlm  , i.e. , the uninformed best-first search. To the best of our knowledge  , this study is the first to address the practical challenge of keeping an OSN-based search / recommender system up-to-date  , a challenge that has become essential given the phenomenal growth rate of user populations in today's OSNs 2. Further  , all of the above mentioned research studies use fixed Twitter datasets collected at a certain point in time. In this section  , we first describe our experimental setting for predicting user participation in threads in Section 4.1. This will enable users to find and contribute to the best threads  , as well as provide the search users with the most useful other users with whom they could interact  , become friends and develop meaningful communications. To our knowledge  , little research has explicitly addressed the problem of NP-query performance prediction. In fact  , according to the report on the NP task of the 2005 Terabyte Track 3  , about 40% of the test queries perform poorly no correct answer in the first 10 search results even in the best run from the top group. We are still left with the task of finding short coherent chains to serve as vertices of G. These chains can be generated by a general best-first search strategy. It follows from observation 3.3 that all paths of G correspond to m-coherent chains. In this work  , we extend this line of work by presenting the first study  , to the best of our knowledge  , of user behavior patterns when interacting with intelligent assistants. All these methods focus on analyzing user behavior when interacting with traditional search systems. In contrast  , the Backward expanding strategy used in BANKS 3 can deal with the general model. The " stand-alone " approaches described above suffered from a key architectural drawback as pointed out by 40  , the first paper to propose an explicit workload model and also to use the query optimizer for estimating costs. The latter idea of using best candidates of individual queries as the search space is valuable  , as we will discuss later. In order to automatically create a 3D model of an unknown object  , first the workspace of the robot needs to be explored in search for the object. The three stages of the Viewpoint Estimator and the Next- Best-View Selection are described in detail in the following. The operation sequence tells the order in which each operation should be initiated at the given machine. One is that it is not necessarily optimal to simply follow a " best-first " search  , because it is sometimes necessary to go through several off-topic pages to get to the next relevant one. Focused crawling  , while quite efficient and effective does have some drawbacks. A search engine can assist a topical crawler by sharing the more global Web information available to it. However  , the performance of the DOM crawler in addition to the Hub-Seeking crawler is significantly better than the Naive Best-First crawler on average target recall@10000 Figure 4d In contrast  , in this work  , we apply a different method of changing the document ranking  , namely the application of a perfect document ranking. They do not report on the users' accuracy on the information-seeking tasks ad- ministered. Their best summarization method  , which first displayed keywords for a Web page followed by the most salient sentence  , was shown to reduce the users' search time as compared to other summarization schemes. To the best of our knowledge  , the SSTM is the first model that accommodates a variety of spatiotemporal patterns in a unified fashion. To handle the aforementioned challenges  , we propose the Spatiotemporal Search Topic Model SSTM to discover the latent topics from query log and capture their diverse spatiotemporal patterns simultaneously. As the level of pruning is decreased  , the search space expands and the time of recognition increases as indicated by the increase in the RT factor. The performance of Rank-S depends on the CSI it uses  for the initial search in two ways: first  , the number of documents   , assuming that a larger CSI also causes a more accurate selection  , and second  , exactly which documents are sampled. Taily's effectiveness was en par with the best-measured effectiveness of Rank-S with P = 0.02 and P = 0.04. To the best of knowledge  , this paper represents one of the first efforts towards this target in the information retrieval research community. We study the problem of keyword-based image search by jointly exploring cross-view learning and the use of click-through data. Next  , while the inverted index was traditionally stored on disk  , with the predominance of inexpensive memory  , search engines are increasingly caching the entire inverted index in memory  , to assure low latency responses 12  , 15. Indeed  , to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work addressing the scheduling of queries across replicated query servers. A number of experiments were carried out aiming at reinforcing our understanding of query formulation  , search and post-hoc ranking for question answering. ranking: how should one rank sentences returned in a boolean environment  , so that the best possible sentences are given first to the answer extraction component ? 2 We propose hierarchical measures using intent hierarchies   , including Layer-Aware measures  , N-rec  , LD♯-measures  , LAD♯-measures  , and HD♯-measures. Note that by construction there are no local minimain the potential field for each tixqi space. A gradient Best-First search is then used to find a path Q  , from the initial point  t i   , qf to the final point t.:  , q:. This results in a fast determination of the shortest distance paths  , which enable the robot to navigate safely in narrow passages as well as efficiently in open spaces. The experimental results here can bring the message " it is time to rethink about your caching management " to practitioners who have used or are planning to use SSD to replace HDD in their infrastructures. Later  , several papers such as 2 and 3 suggested to exploit measures for the importance of a webpage such as authority and hub ranks based on the link structure of the world-wide-web to order the crawl frontier. In our within-subjects design  , the set of 24 scores for each of the first 4 statements about System A was compared with the corresponding set of 24 scores for each statement about System B. As there are currently no commercial or academic crosslingual location search systems available  , we construct a baseline  , using our transliteration system and the commercial location search engines referred to as  , T + CS listed above  , as follows: we first transliterate each of the test queries in Arabic  , Hindi and Japanese to English using our transliteration engine  , and then send the four highest ranked transliteration candidates to the three commercial location search engines. We evaluated the three commercial location search engines  , and here we are presenting as the baseline  , the performance of the best of the three commercial services  , when supplied with the four highest ranked transliterations from our transliteration system. While providing entitybased indexing of web archives is crucial  , we do not address the indexing issue in this work  , but instead extend the WayBack Machine API in order to retrieve archived content. In order to combine the scores produced by different sources  , the values should be first made comparable across input systems 2  , which usually involves a normalization step 5. Furthermore  , they normalize each single search result in isolation  , and do not even take into account if the result is good or bad in comparison to other results from the same engine  , whereby the best result of a very bad run may be assigned a similar normalized score as the best result of a very good one. In particular  , we 1 revise the definition of previously identified matching degrees and use these to differentiate the usability of a Web service on the goal template level  , 2 present a novel approach for semantic matchmaking on the goal instance level  , and 3 finally integrate the matchmaking techniques for the goal template and the goal instance level. Definition 18. Now  , having theoretically grounded – in an ontological key 23 – the initial  , basic notions -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are objects of the continuous and differentiable function of the Universe -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are equally motivated to strive to become better and/or the best I would like to pass on to the problem of the search for information  , having first formulated what information is. Our first research question examined the impact of non-uniform information access on the outcomes of CIR. However  , it appears that reducing access to the collection has little or no effect in terms of unique relevant coverage as statistical test results indicated that for almost every access scenario and search strategy  , none of the access combinations showed any significant difference from the best performing access combinations. However  , the tasks administered to the subjects included both factual questions as well as locating particular pages on the Web  , while our work focuses on finding the answers to factual questions in news articles. The average AP curve for one of the clusters shows a low AP for the first best word while additional words do not greatly improve it. These curves show typical findability behaviors of a topic  , ranging from topics which are extremely difficult to find  , no matter how many search terms are used  , to topics for which 3-4 query terms are sufficient for achieving high AP. The automatically generated textual description of answers enables the system to be used in desktop or smaller devices  , where expressing the answer in a textual form can provide a succinct summary of multiple diagrams and charts  , or in settings where text is required e.g. , in speech-enabled devices  , where the answer can be spoken back to the user. In summary  , the contributions of our work in this paper can be summarized as follows:  To the best of our knowledge  , we proposed the first time-dependent model to calculate the query terms similarity by exploiting the dynamic nature of clickthrough data. Our empirical results with the real-world click-through data collected from a commercial search engine show that our proposed model can model the evolution of query terms similarity accurately . However  , for query optimization a lower bound estimate of the future costs is always based on the best case for each operation  , i.e. , the least cost for evaluation is assumed. If c&h corresponds to the actual costs for evaluating the operations of the first set and costj is a close lower bound of the future costs  , A* search guarantees to find an optimal QEP efficiently. The expertise of a user for a query is mainly considered in this paper  , and other aspects such as the likelihood of getting an answer within a short period will be studied in our subsequent papers. A test image with unknown location is then assigned the location found by interpolating the locations of the most similar images. Instead of determining the correct grid cell and returning the latitude/longitude of the cell's center  , a text-based twostep approach is proposed in 23: first  , the most likely area is found by a language modeling approach and within the found cell  , the best match images are determined by a similarity search. The second pass does not use template stepping and is a refinement step to select the best possible SAD from within the 2i by 2i region. Now that we have calculated SAD values over the image  , we select the upper ten nonoverlapping unique regions based on the SAD metric and perform a second series of SAD calculations within a 2i by 2i search window centered on the regions identified by the first pass. For the second iteration  , we will consider links numbered 2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 from first engine  , 1 ,2 ,4 ,5 ,6 from the second one  , 1 ,2 ,4 ,5 ,6 from the third one and so on in selecting the next best similarity. For instance  , let us suppose that we start with 5 links from each search engine links 1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 and select the 1 st from 1 st engine  , 3 rd from 2 nd engine  , and 5 th from 4 th engine. In a rare study of this sort  , McCarn 9  , 10  , analyzing data of Pollitt 17 on searches of bibliographic databases  , found that a loss-based effectiveness measure was highly predictive of the amount of money a user stated they would be willing to pay for the search result. First  , we need more research into which effectiveness measures best capture what users want autonomous classifiers to do. Re- search Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. How to select the best partitions is well-studied * Work done while the author was an Intern at Yahoo! the top tags in the ranked tag list are the keywords that can best describe the visual content of the query image  , the group will be found with high probability. Since Based on the tag ranking results  , we use the first three tags of the given image  , i.e. , bird  , nature and wildlife to search for suitable groups  , and we can find a series of possible groups. Permission to copy without fee all or part of this material is granted provided that the copies are not made or distributed for direct commercial advantage  , the VLDB copyright notice and the title of the publication and its date appear  , and notice is given that copying is by permission of the Very Large Data Base Endowment. According to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first paper that describes an end-to-end system for answering fact lookup queries in search engines. Comparing with the fact lookup engines of Google and Ask.com  , FACTO achieves higher precision and comparable query coverage higher than Google and lower than Ask.com  , although it is built by a very small team of two people in less than a year. First  , there seems to be almost no difference between the partial-match and the fuzzymatch runs in most cases  , which indicates that for INEX-like queries  , complex context resemblance measures do not significantly impact the quality of the results. This result could conceivably indicate that on average  , traditional full-text text ranking methods are best for XML search at least for documents embedding large chunks of text. The modular design of the ARMin robot that allows various combinations of proximal and distal arm training modes will also provide the platform for the search of the best rehabilitation practice. The ARMin robot that was built with four active DoFs in the first prototype has now been extended with two additional DoFs for the forearm in order to allow training of ADLs and an additional DoF to accommodate the vertical movement of the center of rotation of the shoulder joint. Thus  , identifying the most Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. For example  , a user may search for " blackberry " initially to learn about the Blackberry smartphone; however  , days or weeks later the same user may search for " blackberry " to identify the best deals on actually purchasing the device. The reason why we just use the directed version of the M-HD is that our goal is to check if a pedestrian similar to the template is in the image  , but the distance measure of the other direction may include the information about dissimilarity between non-pedestrian edges in the environment and our template image so that an unreasonable large amount of undirected M-HD occurs. Under-specified or ambiguous queries are a common problem for web information retrieval systems 2  , especially when the queries used are often only a few words in length. While automatic tag recommendation is an actively pursued research topic  , to the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to study in depth the problem of automatic and real-time tag recommendation  , and propose a solution with promising performance when evaluated on two real-world tagging datasets  , i.e. , CiteULike 3 for scientific documents and del.icio.us for web pages. However  , our problem space is arguably larger  , because relevant candidate tags may not even appear in the document  , while candidate queries are most likely bounded in the document term space in keyword-based search. Recently  , the different types of Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. People and expert search are the best known entity ranking tasks  , which have been conveniently evaluated in the Text REtrieval Conference TREC 27 in the past years 21  , 22  , 2. This setup is more restricted than the one we investigate in this paper: we attempt to place test images as closely to their true geographic location as possible; we are not restricted by a set of classes. To the best of our knowledge  , Cupboard is the first system to put together all these functionalities to create an essential infrastructure component for Semantic Web developers and more generally  , a useful  , shared and open environment for the ontology community. To tackle these problems  , we propose a complete system  , based on a number of well-established technologies  , allowing ontology engineers to deploy their ontologies  , providing the necessary infrastructures to support their exploitation  , and ontology users in reusing available knowledge  , providing essential  , community-based functionalities to facilitate the search  , selection and exploitation of the available ontologies. Newton's Laws and Newton's Law of Gravity are the Limits for my One Law of Nature 39. When a search engine has no or little knowledge of the user  , the best it can do may be to produce an output that reflects Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Our approach is simple yet effective and powerful  , and as discussed later in Section 6  , it also opens up several aspects of improvements and future work aligned with the concept of facilitating user's search without the aid of query logs. As we discuss in Section 2  , though there have been some works in the past that can be adopted for query suggestion without using query logs  , but strictly speaking  , to the best of our knowledge  , this paper is the first to study the problem of query suggestions in the absence of query logs. In summary  , we have made the following contributions: i A new type of interaction options based on ontologies to enable scalable interactive query construction  , and a theoretical justification about the effectiveness of these options; ii A scheme to enable efficient generation of top-k structured queries and interaction options   , without the complete knowledge of the query interpretation space; iii An experimental study on Freebase to verify the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed approach; iv To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt to enable effective keyword-based query construction on such a large scale database as Freebase  , considering that most existing work on database keyword search uses only test sets of small schemas  , such as DBLP  , IMDB  , etc. Finally  , we conducted extensive experiments on Freebase demonstrating the effectiveness and the efficiency of our approach. In this way  , interactive query construction opens the world of structured queries to unskilled users  , who are not familiar with structured query languages  , without actually requiring them to learn such query language. Answers question page in the search results once seeing it. Answers question page in the SERPs  , 81% of the searchers who turned to More likely in SearchAsk queries Words to  , a  , be  , i  , how  , do  , my  , can  , what  , on  , in  , the  , for  , have  , get  , with  , you  , if  , yahoo  , it First words how  , what  , can  , be  , why  , i  , do  , my  , where  , yahoo  , if  , when  , 0000  , a  , will  , 00  , best  , who  , which  , should Content words yahoo  , 00  , use  , 0  , work  , song  , old  , help  , make  , need  , like  , change  , year  , good  , long  , mail  , answer  , email  , want  , know More likely in SearchOnly queries Words facebook  , youtube  , google  , lyric  , craigslist  , free  , online  , new  , bank  , game  , map  , ebay  , county  , porn  , tube  , coupon  , recipe  , home  , city  , park First words facebook  , youtube  , google  , craigslist  , ebay  , the  , you  , gmail  , casey  , walmart  , amazon  , *rnrd  , justin  , facebook .com  , mapquest  , netflix  , face  , fb  , selena  , home Content words facebook  , youtube  , google  , craigslist  , lyric  , free  , bank  , map  , ebay  , online  , county  , porn  , tube  , coupon  , recipe  , anthony  , weather  , login  , park  , ca Therefore  , users in SearchAsk sessions are about twice as likely as in SearchOnly sessions to click on a Yahoo! It was noted that few imputation methods outperformed the mean mode imputation MMI  , which is widely used. With this in mind  , in this study we tested some imputation methods. The second is that no imputation method is best for all cases. However  , the imputation performance of HI is unstable when the missing ratio increases. HI can achieve good imputation results when the missing ratio is low. Rating imputation has been used previously in 3  , 11  , 16 to evaluate recommender system performance. Rating imputation measures success at filling in the missing values. AVID uses an approach which is based on estimating the uncertainties in imputation by using several bootstrap samples to build different imputation models and determining the variance ofthe imputed values. The problem here is determining how good the imputation model is for a candidate point  , when the true global values for this point are not known. However  , imputation can be very expensive as it significantly increases the amount of ratings  , and inaccurate imputation may distort the data consider- ably 17. To overcome the problem of data sparsity  , earlier systems rely on imputation to fill in missing ratings and to make the rating matrix dense 28. For the case that only the drive factors are incomplete  , LRSRI can obtain better imputation results than other imputation methods  , which indicates the effectiveness of the low-rank recovery technique with our designed data structurization strategy. As can be seen from these two tables  , our LRSRI approach outperforms other imputation methods  , especially for the case that both drive factors and effort labels are incomplete. Then  , we separately perform experiments to evaluate the imputation effects of our approach and the applicability of our imputation approach for different effort estimators. Next  , we describe the experimental settings. Rating imputation is prediction of ratings for items where we have implicit rating observations. We implement rating imputation testing by taking held out observations from the MovieLens data and predicting ratings on this set. Obviously  , this does require the imputation to be as accurate as possible. Of these two  , imputation has the practical advantage that one can analyse the completed database using any tool or method desired. In addition  , we find that the performance differences of different imputation methods are slight on small datasets  , like Albrecht and Kemerer. Thus  , LRSRI can achieve desirable imputation effects in this general case. These techniques are listwise deletion LD  , mean or mode single imputation MMSI and eight different types of hot deck single imputation HDSI. 20 perform a comprehensive simulation study to evaluate three MDTs in the context of software cost modelling. This also shows the importance of assigning a suitable imputation method in handling the dimension incomplete data. Therefore  , the imputation method used in our experiment fits better for S&P500 data set.    , where the circled elements are added by the imputation strategy . In step.1  , T h Assistant Array S Many data sets are incomplete. The problem of imputation is thus: complete the database as well as possible. Hence  , how to develop an effective imputation approach according to the characteristics of effort data is an important research topic. Hot-deck imputation HI tends to work well when there are strong correlation between the covariates and the variable with missing values  , and thus it performs differently depending on the correlation structure among the variables. Likewise   , the number of movies a person has rated is a very good method on the implicit rating prediction GROC plot. In the rating imputation case  , the mean rating of a user is the single best predictor for rating imputation according to the GROC criteria. In this section  , we evaluate the proposed LRSRI approach for solving the effort data missing problem empirically. The first says that the imputation methods that fill in missing values outperform the case deletion and the lack of imputation. 2011 25 is made an extensive series of tests with several missing values treatment techniques  , and two interesting conclusions are drawn. The literature on missing data 1 ,12 ,18 provides several methods for data imputation that can be used for this purpose. Points for which the imputed global data has higher variances are points for which the global data can be guessed with less certainty from the local data. The problem of frequent model retraining and scalability results from the fact that the total number of users and items is usually very large in practical systems  , and new ratings are usually made by users continuously. The low-rank recovery with structurized data makes full use of the information of similar samples and the correlation of all the samples. Accurate effort prediction is a challenge in software engineering. Their results further show that better performance would be obtained from applying imputation techniques. Now we will give some detailed discussions on the imputation strategy ϕ and the distance function δ. Therefore  , we have 0  , 1. There appears to be no significant difference among the single imputation techniques at the 1% level of significance. The worst performance is by LD. Approaches to the imputation of missing values has been extensively researched from a statistical perspective 7 ,11 ,12. There is significant scientific work to support this view. First we can remark that the imputation accuracies are generally higher than with complete training data 11 . The results of these experiments is presented in Table 2. 41 developed the cyclic weighted median CWM method to solve Formula 1  , which achieves the state-of-the-art image data imputation performance. Meng et al. Our goal is to guess the best rating. The methods proposed in this paper use data imputation as a component. A good review of these approaches are presented in I. Consider a dimension incomplete data object X obs . Its calculation depends on both the imputation strategy ϕ and the distance function δ. However  , the precision of LD worsens with increases in missing data proportions.   , n |Q|−|X obs | } indicating on which dimensions the data elements are lost; 2. imputing the assigned dimensions according to the imputation strategy ϕ. . Kitchenham 9/0/0 8/1/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 Maxwell 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 Nasa93 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 In addition  , the results in Tables 8 and 9 are also consistent with results in Tables 2 and 4  , that is  , our imputation approach outperforms other imputation methods on specific estimators. The randomized ensemble of EMMI and FC which we shall now call FCMI achieves the highest accuracy rates compared to individual MDTs. For instance  , we can recommend first to users that on average rate movies higher in order to obtain better-than-random rating imputation GROC performance . We feel that in many applications a superior baseline can be developed. imputation  inappropriate. The proportion of customers missing data for the number of port is large 44% and the customer population where data are missing may be different  , making conventional statistical treatment of missing data e.g. That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. As noise is canceled   , the KM-imputed data has slightly lower complexity than the unseen original. However  , through iterative imputation   , KM is able to approximate the KRIMP complexity of the original data within a single percent. The performance of the stacked model does not come without cost  , however. This suggests an opportunity to explore alternative methods of imputation to achieve different feature weightings and reduce learning bias within a stacked framework. In this paper  , we introduce CWM into SEE for solving the drive factors missing problem. The NDCG results from the user dependent rating imputation method are shown in Table 2. For all models we found that 100 steps of gradient descent was enough to reach convergence. In real-world applications we may have data sets where implicit rating observations are available in large quantities   , but the rating component is missing at random. However  , these solutions almost always undermine model performance as compared to that of a model induced from complete information . Various solutions are available for learning models from incomplete data  , such as imputation methods 4. We presented three KRIMP–based methods for imputation of incomplete datasets. The experiments show that the local approach is indeed superior to the global approach  , both in terms of accuracy and quality of the completed databases. All follow the MDL–principle: the completed database that can be compressed best is the best completed database. Without loss of generality  , in this paper  , we assume all imputed random variables are mutually independent and follow normal distribution. Taking missing value imputation as an example: missing values can be represented in the raw data in several ways  , then identified as such and coded as NAs. outliers are at that moment ignored. Secondly  , constructed data quality features were added to the original data and thirdly  , feature selection was applied to the second version to control the effect of adding features 2. imputation of missing values with class mean  , centering and scaling. While missing demographic information can be obtained at a low cost  , missing test results can be significantly more expensive to obtain. The imputation strategy depends on specific application scenarios and is independent of our method. Other strategies for setting mean value and variance can also be adopted in our approach. The NDCG plots for the user independent rating imputation method are shown in Figure 4. The model has a strong bias to put movies with a large number of observations at the extremes of the ranking. Re-designing the aspect model training and test procedure for rating imputation and rating prediction will be a subject of future work. Both methods need to be altered in order to optimize performance on the alternative test. Let's say we are deciding between the heuristic recommender and the aspect model for implicit rating prediction. A similar situation is visible in the rating imputation GROC and CROC plots. Apart from their base statistics  , we provide the baseline imputation accuracy on MCAR data as achieved by choosing the most frequent of the possible values. The details for these data sets are depicted in Table 1. We use the closed frequent pattern set as candidates for KRIMP. From it  , we first notice that KM attains higher imputation accuracies than SEM for three out of the five datasets. The results of this experiment are presented in Table 3. Recent works alleviate this problem by introducing pseudo users that rate items 21  and imputing estimated rating data using some imputation tech- nique 39. However  , it suffers from " coldstart problem  , " in which it cannot generate accurate recommendations without enough initial ratings from users. Semisupervised learning is a popular machine learning manner  , which makes use of unlabeled training samples with a part of labeled samples for building the prediction model 4950. In the effort labels missing case  , since only the effort labels of part of samples are missing  , the imputation problem can be considered as a semi-supervised learning problem. A surprising outcome of the empirical evaluation is the performance of so-called heuristic recommenders on the GROC curves. We have tested these methods on implicit rating and rating imputation tasks while evaluating performance under two different methods of recommending embodied by GROC and CROC curve metrics. However   , through   , δ–correctness we can see that no magic is going on  , as for all datasets these scores actually did decrease ; the incomplete training data hinders both methods in grasping the true data distribution. S&P500 data set holds the typical characteristics of time series and has an excellent correlation between the consecutive data elements  , while image histogram data does not have this property. To overcome the problem of data sparsity  , earlier systems rely on imputation to fill in missing ratings and to make the rating matrix dense 28. c RBBDF matrix Figure 1: An example of RBBDF structure sparsity  , frequent model retraining and system scalability. Consequently   , when faced incomplete databases  , current mediators only provide the certain answers thereby sacrificing recall. The approaches developed–such as the " imputation methods " that attempt to modify the database directly by replacing null values with likely values–are not applicable for autonomous databases where the mediator often has restricted access to the data sources. Alternatively  , missing values can be imputed with several methods starting from simple imputation of the mean value of the feature for each missing value to complex modeling of missing values. If missing values are missing at random and data set size allows  , missing values rows can be discarded. To achieve such high quality imputation we use the practical variant of Kolmogorov complexity  , MDL minimum description length  , as our guiding principle: the completed database that can be compressed best is the best completion. Consequently  , all statistics computed on the completed database will be correct. For the specific case that only the drive factors are incomplete  , we structurize the effort data and employ the low-rank recovery technique for imputation. In this paper  , we study the general missing situation of effort data and consider that the incompletion of effort data comprises drive factors missing and effort labels missing. Number of missing values by row can be counted and constructed as a new feature. Transforming missing values can be done by imputing by mean of the variable and this imputation may be erroneous due to the outliers in the same variable. Thus data problems can intuitively be understood as objects having three distinct member functions: identification  , transformation and feature construction. For instance  , for any candidate point  , if the global information can be guessed from the local information  , then global data about this point is less likely to be informative. Stacked models use the base model to impute the class labels on related instances   , which are then used by the second-level stacked model. These approaches use an imputation model to fill in missing data with plausible values  , which are then used as inputs for the inference model. In practice  , the collected effort dataset may contain missing data at any locations  , including the missing of drive factors independent variables or effort labels dependent variables  , as shown in Figure 1. Their results further showed the importance of choosing an appropriate k value when using such a technique. His results not only showed that imputing missing likert data using the k-nearest neighbour method was feasible they showed that the outcome of the imputation depends on the number of complete instances more than the proportion of missing data. Among imputation techniques  , the results are not so clear. Also  , despite the scarcity of software data and the fact that the LD procedure involves an efficiency cost due to the elimination of a large amount of valuable data  , most software engineering researchers have used it due to its simplicity and ease of use. In this context  , it is important to have schema level dependencies between attributes as well as distribution information over missing values. In this paper  , we are interested not in the standard imputation problem but a variant that can be used in the context of query rewriting. The GROC and CROC graphs together point out that the aspect model has nearly identical global GROC performance to the heuristic recommender while actually recommending to a more diverse group of people . As such  , it may be regarded as a crude form of k nearestneighbour imputation 12 which also requires a distance function on the data  , unlike our methods. It replaces missing records by random draws from complete records from the same local area. From Q  , there are totally C |X obs | |Q| incomplete versions with dimensionality |X obs | that can be derived by removing values on some dimensions  , denoted by Q obs . 5 Obviously  , δ 2 Q obs   , X obs  is a real value for given X rv   , while δ 2 Q mis   , X mis  is a random variable depending on the imputation method. Experiments in this section is to evaluate the effectiveness of our method on various data sets  , and with various Figure 3  , 4  , 5 and 6 show the quality of query result measured by precision and recall. The driving thought behind this approach is that a completion should comply to the local patterns in the database: not just filling in what globally would lead to the highest accuracy . Further investigations regarding the data reconstruction ability of KM were done by looking into the compressed 1 http://www.cs.huji.ac.il/labs/compbio/LibB sizes of the data; To compress the data with missing values   , KRIMP typically requires 30% more bits than it does to encode the original data. Note that some proposed features cannot be extracted from certain large-scale datasets  , e.g. , game posts and stickers are not available in IG L  , which is handled by using the imputation technique 36. We also collect two large-scale datasets  , including Facebook denoted as FB L with 63K nodes  , 1.5M edges  , and 0.84M wall posts 34  , and Instagram denoted as IG L with 2K users  , 9M tags  , 1200M likes  , and 41M comments 35. To leverage this opportunity and address sparseness  , we employ imputation hereafter  , pc-IMP  as we can directly compute similarity between papers and citation papers  , unlike the case of the user-item matrix based CF which requires manual ratings. However  , when the corpus of publications is large  , we can utilize the fact that there are many other similar papers that potentially could have been cited but were not. This is a variant of pc-SIM and consists of three steps: A2.1: Impute similarities between all papers  , recording them into an intermediate imputed paper-citation matrix Figure 3. Obviously  , there are C |X mis | |Q| possible dimension combinations for the missing data elements  , each of which could derive a recovery version X rv . If the specified imputation strategy is: the missing elements follow a certain distribution with given expectation and variance  , then X rv is a random vector 12  , x i 1   , 9  , x i 2   , 40 and X mis = x i 1   , x i 2   , where x i 1 and x i 2 are both random variables following the given distribution. Viterbi recognizer search. This means that hypotheses about specific entities must be considered in the e.g. References will usually denote entities contained in the discourse model  , which is updated after every utterance with entities introduced in that utterance. When optimizing the model the most likely path through the second level model is sought by the Viterbi approxima- tion 24 . The modeled eye movement features are described in Section 4.1. Even though we have described the tasks of content selection and surface realization separately  , in practice OCELOT selects and arranges words simultaneously when constructing a summary . We apply generic Viterbi search techniques to efficiently find a near-optimal summary 7. This approach is similar to the one described in  Second  , we tested a more sophisticated named entity recognizer NER based upon a regularized maximum entropy classifier with Viterbi decoding. The sequence of states is seen as a preliminary segmentation. A 3-state Viterbi decoder is first used to find the most likely sequence of states given a stream. The decoder can handle position-dependent  , cross-word triphones and lexicons with contextual pronunciations. It is a time-synchronous Viterbi decoder with dynamic expansion of LM state conditioned lexical trees 3  , 18  , 20  with acoustic and language model lookaheads. served as ranking criterion. σ  , the number of documents to which a cluster's score is distributed Equation 3: {5 ,10 ,20 ,30 ,40} ρ  , the number of rounds: 1–2  , Cluster-Audition; 1–5  , Viterbi Doc-Audition and Doc-Audition. To bootstrap this rst training stage  , an initial state-level segmentation was obtained by a Viterbi alignment using our last evaluation system. In the rst stage  , a context independent system was build. This is a typical decoding task  , and the Viterbi decoding technique can be used. Once the score s is found  , it possible to align each frame of the performance with the corresponding event in the score. where y* is the class label with the highest posterior probability under the model IJ  , or the most likely label sequence the Viterbi parse. Il;PyT IXi; IJ  , where yT is the most likely label of the token Xi a linelblock in the title page of a book in the instance x a book. We have improved the Viterbi-based splitting model feeding it with a dataset larger than the one used in 1. Hash tag splitting As we did in 1  , in addition to the words of the tweet  , we have used a hashtag splitter to split the compound words representing the hashtags in common English words. The Viterbi Doc-Audition scoring method is a straightforward procedure that ranks those documents with repertoires containing a highly-weighted pseudoquery above those that are top renderers only of lowerweighted ones. We begin by restricting our consideration of possible renderers to documents. 2 A Viterbi distribution emitting the probability of the sequence of words in a sentence. Each state has the following exponential family emission distributions: 1 A multinomial distribution emitting the relevance of the line  , r. This distribution is fixed; for each state one of the probabilities is one and the other is zero. We can also adjust the model parameters such as transition  , emission and initial probabilities to maximize the probability of an observable sequence. The Viterbi path contains seven states as the seventh state was generated by the sixth state and a transition to the seventh state. Modelling the speech signal could be approached through developing acoustic and language models. There are many approaches for doing this search  , the most common approach that is currently used is Viterbi beam search that searches for the best decoding hypothesis with the possibility to prune away the hypotheses with small scores. τ1  , the number of best renderers retrieved at the first iteration: {5} ∪ {10  , 20  , ..  , 100} ∪ {200  , 300  , 400  , 500}. Augmenting each word with its possible document positions  , we therefore have the input for the Viterbi program  , as shown below: For this 48-word sentence  , there are a total of 5.08 × 10 27 possible position sequences. Stemming can be performed before indexing  , although it is not used in this example. We have used the Google N-grams collection 6   , taking the frequency of words from the English One Million collection of Google books from years 1999 to 2009. That is  , the system produces a gist of a document d by searching over all candidates g to find that gist which maximizes the product of a content selection term and a surface realization term. In this step  , if any document sentence contributes only stop words for the summary  , the matching is cancelled since the stop words are more likely to be inserted by humans rather than coming from the original document. The Viterbi program assigns each word in the input sequence a position in the document  , as long as the word appears in the document at least once. Scores are assigned to each expansion by combining the backward score g  , computed by the translation model from the end to the current position of i  , and the forward score h computed by the Viterbi search from the initial to the current position of i. Otherwise  , all possible one-word expansions of it are computed. 4 to be 0.0019 and the optimum path of states for this observation sequence is {FD  , WQ  , WQ  , CS  , FD  , FD  , FD} with probability 1.59exp-5. The actual decoding of the speech utterance is based on searching the acoustic and language models to find out the best fitting hypothesis. To appl9 machine learning to this problem  , we need a large collection of gistcd web pages for training. As mentioned earlier  , the most successful technique has been to apply Viterbi-type search procedure  , and this is the strategy that OCELOT adopts. There are a number of possible criteria for the optimality of decoding  , the most widely used being Viterbi decoding. Decoding is the attempt to uncover the hidden part of the model  , and it can be used to align couples of sequences. The connection to VT should be clear: if one introduces the hidden variable I denoting the index of the model that generated the sequence Y as a non-emitting state then the procedure can be thought of as the partial Viterbi alignment of Y to the states where only the alignment w.r.t. In order to mitigate this effect  , we adopted an intermediate option in which each sequence is assigned to the model that is the most likely to generate it. Therefore  , every word is determined a most likely document tion. The intermediate output of the Viterbi program is shown as follows: arthur : 1 ,01 b : 1 ,11 sackler : 1 ,21 2 ,340.6 .. 12 ,20.5 .. : the : 0 ,210.0019 0 ,260.0027 .. 23 ,440.0014 internet : 0 ,270.0027 1 ,390.0016 .. 18 ,160.0014 unique : 0 ,280.0027 Choosing the sequence with the highest score  , we find the most likely position sequence. We take a multi-phase optimization approach to cope with the complexity of parallel multijoin query optimization. Parallel multi-join query optimization is even harder 9  , 14  , 25.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization.  Query execution. a join order optimization of triple patterns performed before query evaluation. We focus on static query optimization  , i.e. Query optimization is a fundamental and crucial subtask of query execution in database management systems. Specify individual optimization rules. Any truly holistic query optimization approach compromises the extensibility of the system. There has been a lot of work in multi-query optimization for MV advisors and rewrite. First  , is to include multi-query optimization in CQ refresh. We now apply query optimization strategies whenever the schema changes. We now highlight some of the semantic query optimizationSQO strategies used by our run time optimizer. Thus the system has to perform plan migration after the query optimization. In query optimization using views  , to compute probabilities correctly we must determine how tuples are correlated. portant drawbacks with lineage for information exchange and query optimization using views. Semantic query optimization is well motivated in the literature6 ,5 ,7  , as a new dimension to conventional query optimization. is implemented as a rule-based system. Our experiments were carried out with Virtuoso RDBMS  , certain optimization techniques for relational databases can also be applied to obtain better query performance. Meta query optimization. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. Multi-query optimization is a technique working at query compilation phase. Multi-query optimization detects common inter-and intra-query subexpressions and avoids redundant computation 10  , 3  , 18  , 19. This comprises the construction of optimized query execution plans for individual queries as well as multi-query optimization. Logical query optimization uses equalities of query expressions to transform a logical query plan into an equivalent query plan that is likely to be executed faster or with less costs. Optimization. It complements the conventional query optimization phase. This is exactly the concept of Coarse-Grained Optimization CGO. One category of research issues deals with mechanisms to exploit interactions between relational query optimization and E-ADT query optimization. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. As in applying II to conventional query optimization  , an interesting question that arises in parametric query optimization is how to determine the running time of a query optimizer for real applications . These results are very promising and indicate that  , by using sipIIsl  , parametric query optimization can be efficiently supported in current systems. Not only are these extra joins expensive  , but because the complexity of query optimization is exponential in the amount of joins  , SPARQL query optimization is much more complex than SQL query optimization. SQL systems tend to be more efficient than triple stores  , because the latter need query plans with many self-joins – one per SPARQL triple pattern. The optimization on this query is performed twice. This query is shown in Figure 7. 33. 6  reports on a rule-based query optimizer generator  , which was designed for their database generator EXODUS 2. Rule-based query optimization is not an entirely new idea: it is borrowed from relational query optimization  , e.g. , 5  , 8  , 13  , 141. We divide the optimization task into the following three phases: 1 generating an optimized query tree  , 2 allocating query operators in the query tree to machines  , and 3 choosing pipelined execution methods. Breaking the Optimization Task. The parallel query plan will be dete&iined by a post optimization phase after the sequential query optimization . DB2 query optimizer has the' cost function in terms of resource consumption such as t.he CPU 'dime and I/O time. Typically  , all sub-expressions need to be optimized before the SQL query can be optimized. Query Optimization: The optimization of an SQL query uses cost-based techniques to search for a cheap evaluation plan from a large space of options. Query optimization in general is still a big problem. ? The architecture should readily lend itself to query optimization. Optimization of the internal query represen- tation. Good query optimization is as important for 00 query languages as it is for relational query languages. 5 21. Mid-query re-optimization  , progressive optimization  , and proactive re-optimization instead initially optimize the entire plan; they monitor the intermediate result sizes during query execution  , and re-optimize only if results diverge from the original estimates. The optimization of each stage can use statistics cardinality   , histograms computed on the outputs of the previous stages. However  , semantic optimization increases the search space of possible plans by an order of magnitude  , and very ellicient searching techniques are needed to keep .the cost'of optimization within reasonable limits. As a result  , large SPARQL queries often execute with a suboptimal plan  , to much performance detriment. Then query optimization takes place in two steps. The Query Evaluator parses the query and builds an operator based query tree. The optimization goal is to find the execution plan which is expected to return the result set fastest without actually executing the query or subparts. This simplifies query optimization Amma85. Second  , the project operations are posponed until the end of the query evaluation. They investigate the applicability of common query optimization techniques to answer tree-pattern queries. Cost-based query optimization techniques for XML 22  , 29 are also related to our work. Substantial research on object-oriented query optimization has focused on the design and use of path indexes  , e.g. , BK89  , CCY94  , KM92. For query optimization  , we show how the DataGuide can be used as a parh index. Note that most commercial database systems allow specifying top-k query and its optimization. In general  , the need for rank-aware query optimization and possible approaches to supporting it is discussed in 25. The notion of using algebraic transformations for query optimization was originally developed for the relational algebra. We would like to develop a formal basis for query optimization for data models which are based on bags. Finally  , the optimal query correlatioñ Q opt is leveraged for query suggestion. Typically  , the optimization finishes within 30 iterations. The optimization problem of join order selection has been extensively studied in the context of relational databases 12  , 11  , 16. Picking the next query edge to fix is essentially a query optimization problem. This is in some cases not guaranteed in the scope of object-oriented query languages 27. 3 Dynamic Query Optimization Ouery optimization in conventional DBS can usually be done at compile time. While research in the nested algebra optimization is still in its infancy  , several results from relational algebra optimization 13 ,141 can be extended to nested relations. The QUERY LANGUAGE OPTIMIZER will optimize this query into an optimized access plan. IQP: we consider a modified version of the budget constrained optimization method proposed in 13 as a query selection baseline. Therefore  , the optimization function is changed to 6 also gives an overview over current and future development activities. Cost based optimization will be explored as another avenue of future work. Our current implementation is based on rule-based query optimization. Each iteralion contains a well-defined sequence of query optimization followed by data allocation optimization. The iterative approach controls the overall complexity of the combined problem. the optimization time of DPccp is always 1. As the optimization time varies greatly with the query size  , all performance numbers are given relative to DPccp  , e.g. More importantly  , multi-query optimization can provide not only data sharing but also common computation sharing. However  , the multi-query optimization technique can provide maximized capabilities of data sharing across queries once multiple queries are optimized as a batch. The major form of query optimization employed in KCRP results from proof schema structure sharing. . In a set-at-a-time system  , query optimization can take place at at least two levels. -We shall compare the methods for extensible optimization in more detail in BeG89. Another approach to extensible query optimization using the rules of a grammar to construct query plans is described in Lo88. A novel architecture for query optimization based on a blackboard which is organized in successive regions has been devised. For illustration purpose a sample optimization was demonstrated. Our approach allows both safe optimization and approximate optimization. The amount of pruning can be controlled by the user as a function of time allocated for query evaluation. A modular arrangement of optimization methods makes it possible to add  , delete and modify individual methods  , without affecting the rest. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. The optimization problem becomes even more interesting in the light of interactive querying sessions 2  , which should be quite common when working with inductive databases. This is effectively an optimization problem  , not unlike the query optimization problem in relational databases. That is  , we break the optimization task into several phases and then optimize each phase individually. Query Evaluation: If a query language is specified  , the E- ADT must provide the ability to execute the optimized plan. Query Operators and Optimization: If a declarative query language is specified  , the E-ADT must provide optimization abilities that will translate a language expression into a query evaluation plan in some evaluation algebra. This expansion allows the query optimizer to consider all indexes on relations referenced in a query. To give the optimizer more transformation choices  , relational query optimization techniques first expand all views referenced in a query and then apply cost-based optimization strategies on the fully expanded query 16 22 . First we conduct experiments to compare the query performance using V ERT G without optimization  , with Optimization 1 and with Optimization 2. In this section we present experimental results. The current implementation of DARQ uses logical query optimization in two ways. It utilizes containment mapping for identifying redundant navigation patterns in a query and later for collapsing them to minimize the query. 9 exploits XQuery containment for query optimization. 14 into an entity-based query interface and provides enhanced data independence   , accurate query semantics  , and highlevel query optimization 6 13. 17  and object-oriented approaches e.g. We represent the query subject probability as P sb S and introduce it as the forth component to the parsing optimization. Query open doesn't have the query subject. After query planning the query plan consists of multiple sub-queries. To build the plan we use logical and physical query optimization. Secondly  , relational algebra allows one to reason about query execution and optimization. This allows the result of one query to be used in the next query. We abstract two models — query and keyword language models — to study bidding optimization prob- lems. The query optimization steps are described as transformation rules or rewriting rules 7. 0 That is  , any query optimization paradig plugged-in. The signature of the SumScan operator is: open. ASW87 found this degree of precision adequate in the setting of query optimization. Astrahan  , et al. What happens when considering complex queries ? We showed the optimization of a simple query. This problem can also be solved by employing existing optimization techniques. 13 for query q. And does this have impact with our technique ? We introduce a new loss function that emphasizes certain query-document pairs for better optimization. : Multiple-query optimization MQO 20 ,19 identifies common sub-expressions in query execution plans during optimization  , and produces globally-optimal plans. To avoid unnecessary materializations  , a recent study 6 introduces a model that decides at the optimization phase which results can be pipelined and which need to be materialized to ensure continuous progress in the system. For instance   , NN queries over an attribute set A can be considered as model-based optimization queries with F  θ  , A as the distance function e.g. , Euclidean and the optimization objective is minimization. This definition is very general  , and almost any type of query can be considered as a special case of model-based optimization query. This lower optimization cost is probably just an artifact of a smaller search space of plans within the query optimizer  , and not something intrinsic to the query itself. Figure 2shows that the optimization cost of all three queries is comparable  , although Q 2 has a noticeably lower optimization cost. Heuristics-based optimization techniques generally work without any knowledge of the underlying data. Heuristics-based optimization techniques include exploiting syntactic and structural variations of triple patterns in a query 27  , and rewriting a query using algebraic optimization techniques 12 and transformation rules 15 . The optimization cost becomes comparable to query execution cost  , and minimizing execution cost alone would not minimize the total cost of query evaluation  , as illustrated in Fig Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. Both directions of the transformation should be considered in query optimization. Figure 2a and Classical database query optimization techniques are not employed in KCRP currently  , but such optimization techniques as pushing selections within joins  , and taking joins in the most optimal order including the reordering of database literals across rules must be used in a practical system to improve RAP execution. Our experiments show that the SP approach gives a decent performance in terms of number of triples  , query size and query execution time. Since only default indexes were created  , and no optimization was provided   , this leaves a room for query optimization in order to obtain a better query performance. For the query performance  , the SP queries give the best performance  , which is expected and consistent with the query length comparison. RDF native query engines typically use heuristics and statistics about the data for selecting efficient query execution plans 27. In this paper  , we present a value-addition tool for query optimizers that amortizes the cost of query optimization through the reuse of plans generated for earlier queries. The inherent cost of query optimization is compounded by the fact that typically each new query that is submitted to the database system is optimized afresh. The detection of common sub-expressions is done at optimization time  , thus  , all queries need to be optimized as a batch. Finally  , our focus is on static query optimization techniques. In fact  , the query performance of query engines is not just affected by static query optimization techniques but  , for instance  , also by the design of index structures or the accuracy of statistical information. By contrast  , we postpone work on query optimization in our geographic scalability agenda  , preferring to first design and validate the scalability of our query execution infrastructure. To our knowledge  , Mariposa was never deployed or simulated on more than a dozen machines  , and offered no new techniques for query execution  , only for query optimization and storage replication. In general  , any query adjustment has to be undertaken before any threshold setting  , as it aaects both ast1 and the scores of the judged documents  , all of which are used in threshold setting. These include: Reweighting query terms Query expansion based on term selection value Query optimization weights anddor selection of terms Threshold optimization. We begin in Section 2 by motivating our approach to order optimization by working through the optimization of a simple example query based on the TPC-H schema using the grouping and secondary ordering inference techniques presented here. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of SELECT c custkey  , COUNT * FROM Customer  , Supplier WHERE c nationkey = s nationkey GROUPBY c custkey Figure 1: A Simple Example Query query optimization Section 5. On the other  , they are useful for query optimization via query rewriting. On the one hand  , the kinds of identities above attest to the naturality of our deenitions. Optimization of this query should seek to reduce the work required by PARTITION BY and ORDER BYs. The main query uses these results. Our work builds on this paradigm. However  , sound applications of rewrite rules generate alternatives to a query that are semantically equivalent. 'I'he traditional optimization problem is to choose an optimal plan for a query. Relational optimizers thus do global optimization by looking inside all referenced views. Furthermore  , the rules discovered can be used for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. Optimization techniques are discussed in Section 3. In Section 2  , query model is formalized by defining all the algebraic operations required to compute answers to a query. That is  , at each stage a complete query evaluation plan exists. The " wholistic " approaches  , e.g. , 26  , 41  , consider an optimization graph-logical or physical--representing the entire query. They suffer from the same problems mentioned above. SQL-based query engines rely on relational database systems storage and query optimization techniques to efficiently evaluate SPARQL queries. The query engine uses this information for query planning and optimization. Data sources are described by service descriptions see Section 3.1. During the query optimization phase  , each query is broken down into a number of subqueries on the fragments . We discuss extensions in $2.3. JOQR is similar in functionality to a conventional query optimizer . We adopt a two-phase approach HS91 to parallel query optimization: JOQR followed by parallelization. Sections 4 and 5 detail a query evaluation method and its optimization techniques. Section 3 explains query generation without using a large lexicon. , April 21–25  , 2008ACM 978-1-60558-085-2/08/04. Query queries  , we have developed an optimization that precomputes bounds. Unfortunately  , restructuring of a query is not feasible if it uses different types of distance-combining functions. Table  IncludingPivot and Unpivot explicitly in the query language provides excellent opportunities for query optimization. These operations provide the framework to enable useful extensions to data modeling. Still  , strategy 11 is only a local optimization on each query. A simplr I ,RU type strategy like strategy W  , ignoring the query semantics  , performs very badly. The main concerns were directed at the unique operations: inclusive query planning and query optimization. Validity  , reliability  , and efficiency are more complex issues to evaluate. On the other hand  , more sophisticated query optimization and fusion techniques are required. Data is not replicated and is guaranteed to be fresh at query time. Tioga will optimize by coalescing queries when coalescing is advantageous. An optimization available on megaplans is to coalesce multiple query plans into a single composite query plan. In the third stage  , the query optimizer takes the sub-queries and builds an optimized query execution plan see Section 3.3. It highlights that our query optimization has room for improvement. We consider that this is due to a better consideration of this query particular pattern. Weights  , constraints  , functional attributes  , and optimization functions themselves can all change on a per-query basis . The attributes involved in each query will be different. The consideration of RDF as database model puts forward the issue of developing coherently all its database features. query optimization  , query rewriting  , views  , update. Motivated by the above  , we have studied the problem of optimizing queries for all possible values of runtime parameters that are unknown at optimization time a task that we call Parametric Query Optimiration   , so that the need for re-optimization is reduced. When these optimization-time assumptions are violated at execu-tion time  , m-optimization is needed or performance suffers. The multi-query optimization technique has the most restrictive requirement on the arrival times of different queries due to the limitation that multiple queries must be optimized as a batch. Thus  , a main strength of FluXQuery is its extensibility and the ability to benefit from a large body of previous database research on algebraic query optimization. Query optimization is carried out on an algebraic  , query-language level rather than  , say  , on some form of derived automata. On the other hand  , declarative query languages are easier to read since inherently they describe only the goal of the query in a simpler syntax  , and automatic optimization can be done to some degree. Manual optimization is easily possible without having to know much about the query engine's internals. This post optimizer kxamines the sequential query plan to see how to parallelize a gequential plan segment and estimates the overhead as welLas the response time reduction if this plan segment is executed in parallel. The query optimizer can add-derivation operators in a query expression for optimization purpose without explicitly creating new graph view schemes in the database. The query optimizer can naturally exploit this second optimization by dynamically building a temporary graph view: bfaidhd = e QEdge:rmdtypd'main mad " @oad and by applying Paths0 on it. optimization cost so far + execution cost is minimum. The notation is summarized in Integrated Semantic Query Optimization ISQO: This is the problem of searching the space of all possible query execution plans for all the semantically equivalent queries  , hut stopping the search when the total query evaluation time i.e. Query Language: An E-ADT can provide a query language with which expressions over values of/that E-ADT can be specified for example  , the relation E-ADT'may provide SQL as the query language  , and the sequence E-ADT may provide SEQinN. Our query language permits several  , possibly interrelated  , path expressions in a single query  , along with other query constructs. However  , we decided to build a new overall optimization framework for a number of reasons: Previous work has considered the optimization of single path expressions e.g. , GGT96  , SMY90. We differ in that 1 if the currently executing plan is already optimal  , then query re-optimization is never invoked. Techniques for dynamic query re-optimization 1615 attempt to detect sub-optimal plans during query execution and possibly re-use any intermediate results generated to re-compute the new optimal plan. However  , unlike query optimization which must necessarily preserve query equivalence  , our techniques lead to mappings with better semantics  , and so do not preserve equivalence. Our techniques are in the same spirit of work on identifying common expressions within complex queries for use in query optimization 25. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS97  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. Optimizing a query into a single plan may result in a substantially sub-optimal plan if the actual values are different from those assumed at optimization time GW89. For achieving efficiency and handling a general class of XQuery codes  , we generate executable for a query directly  , instead of decomposing the query at the operator level and interpreting the query plan. Second  , we present a new optimization called the control-aware optimization   , which can improve the efficiency of streaming code. When the SQL engine parses the query  , it passes the image expression to the image E-ADT   , which performs type checking and returns an opaque parse structure ParseStruct. This is an issue that requires further study in the form of a comprehensive performance evaluation on sipI1. Subsequently  , Colde and Graefe 8 proposed a new query optimization model which constructs dynamic plans at compile-time and delays some of the query optimization until run-time. Graefe and Ward 15 focused on determining when re-optimizing a given query that is issued repeatedly is necessary. The challenge in designing such a RISCcomponent successfully is to identify optimization techniques that require us to enumerate only a few of all the SPJ query sub-trees. Yet  , layering enables us to view the optimization problem for SPJ+Aggregation query engine as the problem of moving and replicating the partitioning and aggregation functions on top of SPJ query sub-trees. In FS98 two optimization techniques for generalized path expressions are presented  , query pruning and query rewriting using state extents. In CCM96  an algebraic framework for the optimization of generalized path expressions in an OODBMS is proposed  , including an approach that avoids exponential blow-up in the query optimizer while still offering flexibility in the ordering of operations. In section 6 the performance measurement is presented  , and finally section 7 summarizes our experiences and outlines future work. Kabra and DeWitt 21 proposed an approach collecting statistics during the execution of complex queries in order to dynamically correct suboptimal query execution plans. LEO is aimed primarily at using information gleaned from one or more query executions to discern trends that will benefit the optimization of future queries. Both solutions deal with dynamic reoptimization of parts of a single query  , but they do not save and exploit this knowledge for the next query optimization run. If the format of a query plan is restricted in some manner  , this search space will be reduced and optimization will be less expensive. For example  , during optimization  , the space of alternative query plans is searched in order to find the " optimal " query plan. There are six areas of work that are relevant to the research presented here: prefetching  , page scheduling for join execution  , parallel query scheduling  , multiple query optimization  , dynamic query optimization and batching in OODBs. Another topic for future \irork is providing support for cancelling submitted subqueries to the scheduler when a restrict or a join node yields an empty result. The idea of the interactive query optimization test was to replace the automatic optimization operation by an expert searcher  , and compare the achieved performance levels as well as query structures. The searcher is able to study  , in a convenient and effortless way  , the effects of query changes. Query optimization: DBMSs typically maintain histograms 15 reporting the number of tuples for selected attribute-value ranges. l Once registered in Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. Service Descriptions are represented in RDF. Furthermore  , service descriptions can include statistical information used for query optimization. Even the expressions above and in And as such these approaches offer excellent opportunities for query optimization. Mondial 18 is a geographical database derived from the CIA Factbook. So  , the query offers opportunities for optimization. Open PHACTS 15   , query optimization time dominates and can run into the tens of seconds. In many RDF applications  , e.g. Extensions to the model are considered in Section 5. Section 4 deals with query evaluation and optimization. Search stops when the optimization cost in last step dominates the improvement in query execution cost. mi. We know that these query optimizations can greatly improve performance. Pipelined join execution is a Pipelining optimization. Generate the set of equivalent queries. which fragments slmultl be fetched from tertiary memory . part of the scheduler to do multiple query optimization betwtcn the subqucries. The optimization in Eq. The numbering in the query canvas implies the order in which the faces are specified. In Section 2 we present related work on query optimization and statistical databases. POP places CHECK operators judiciously in query execution plans. If the CHECK condition is violated  , CHECK triggers re-optimization. Graefe surveys various principles and techniques Gra93. A large body of work exists on query optimization in databases. There are several open challenges for our CQ architecture. Histograms were one of the earliest synopses used in the context of database query optimization 29  , 25. 5. In the context of deductive databases. Identifying common sub-expressions is central to the problem of multiple query optimization. In Section 3  , we describe our new optimization technique . In the next section  , we describe query evaluation in INQUERY. The second optimization exploits the concept of strong-token. Suppose we derive h hit-sequences from a query document. The three products differ greatly from each other with respect to query optimization techniques. We start explaining DJ's techniques. A key difference in query optimization is that we usually have access to the view definitions. 5.2. This makes them difficult to work with from an optimization point of view. Query execution times are  , in theory  , unbounded. Here n denotes the number of documents associated with query q i . , which makes the optimization infeasible. Analogous to order optimization we call this grouping optimization and define that the set of interesting groupings for a given query consists of 1. all groupings required by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query 2. all groupings produced by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query. by avoiding re-hashing if such information was easily available. A database system that can effectively handle the potential variations in optimization queries will benefit data exploration tasks. They are complementary to our study as they target an environment where a cost-based optimization module is available. In the area of Semantic Query Optimization  , starting with King King81  , researchers have proposed various ways to use integrity constraints for optimization. The idea of using integrity constraints to optimize queries is not new. In particular  , we describe three optimization techniques that exploit text-centric actions that IE programs often execute. Unlike current extraction approaches  , we show that this framework is highly amenable to query optimization . The Auto-Fusion Optimization involves iterations of fusion runs i.e. , result merging  , where best performing systems in selected categories e.g. , short query  , top 10 systems  , etc. This year  , we devised another alternative fusion weight determination method called Auto-Fusion Optimization. Our demonstration also includes showing the robustness POP adds to query optimization for these sources of errors. All of these sources of errors can trigger re-optimization because of a violation of the validity ranges. Thus  , optimizing the evaluation of boolean expressions seems worthwhile from the standpoint of declarative query optimization as well as method optimization. The need for optimizing methods in object bases has been motivated by GM88  , LD91. This file contains various classes of optimization/translation rules in a specific syntax and order. The information needed for optimization and query translation itself comes from a text file " OptimizationRules " . The DBS3 optimizer uses efficient non-exhaustive search strategies LV91 to reduce query optimization cost. When compared through this metrics  , many more tentative PTs are kept during the search  , thereby increasing significantly the optimization cost. Indeed  , our investigation can be regarded as the analogue for updates of fundamental invest ,igat.ions on query equivalence and optimization. Most of our results concern transaction equivalence and optimization. Contrary to previous works  , our results show clearly that parallel query optimization should not imply restricting the search space to cope with the additional complexity. For this purpose; we extended randomized strategies for parallel optimization  , and demonstrated their effectiveness. Further  , we also improve on their solution. In the next Section we discuss the problem of LPT query optimization where we import the polynomial time solution for tree queries from Ibaraki 841 to this general model of  ,optimization. For example   , if NumRef is set to the number of relations in the query  , it is not clear how and what information should be maintained to facilitate incremental optimization . Second  , the proposed incremental optimization strategy has a limitation. Following Hong and Stonebraker HS91  , we break the optimization problem into two phases: join ordering followed by parallelization. We address the problem of parallel query optimization  , which is to find optimal parallel plans for executing SQL queries. Clearly  , the elimination of function from the path length of high traffic interactions is a possible optimization strategy. Others question the propriety of removing DBMS services such as query optimization and views and suggest utilizing only high level interfaces. We have demonstrated the effects of query optimization by means of performance experiments. The primary contribution of this research is to underscore the importance of algebraic optimization for sequence queries along with a declarative language in which to express them. Our second goal with this demo is to present some of our first experiments with query optimization in Galax. Researchers interested in optimization for XQuery can implement their work in a context where the details of XQuery cannot be overlooked. We also showed how to incorporate our strategies into existing query optimizers for extensible databases. Our optimization strategies are provably good in some scenarios  , and serve as good heuristics for other scenarios where the optimization problem is NP-hard. AQuery builds on previous language and query optimization work to accomplish the following goals: 1. Edge optimization and sort splitting and embedding seem to be particularly promising for order-dependent queries. These optimization rules follow from the properties described earlier for PIVOT and UNPIVOT. The architecture of our query optimizer is based on the Cascades framework 3  , which enables defining new relational operators and optimization rules for them. However  , we can think of static optimization such as determining whether a query or a subquery is type-invalid early by inspecting the type information to avoid useless evaluation over potentially large amounts of irrelevant data. The method normalizes retrieval scores to probabilities of relevance prels  , enabling the the optimization of K by thresholding on prel. The threshold K was calculated dynamically per query using the Score-Distributional Threshold Optimization SDTO 1. This also implies that for a QTree this optimization can be used only once. If the outer query already uses GROUP-BY then the above optimization can not be applied. While ATLAS performs sophisticated local query optimization   , it does not attempt to perform major changes in the overall execution plan  , which therefore remains under programmer's control. and in-memory table optimization  , is carried out during this step. The direct applicability of logical optimization techniques such as rewriting queries using views  , semantic optimization and minimization to XQuery is precluded by XQuery's definition as a functional language 30. Finally query generation tools tend to generate non-minimal queries 31. The query term selection optimization was evaluated by changing /3 and 7. Although the precision decreased by several percent  , especially in the middle ranges in recall  , the combined optimization speeded retrieval by a factor of 10. A powerful 00 data modelling language permits the construction of more complex schemas than for relational databases. In order to query iDM  , we have developed a simple query language termed iMeMex Query Language iQL that we use to evaluate queries on a resource view graph. Therefore  , we follow the same principle as LUBM where query patterns are stated in descending order  , w.r.t. We deem query plan optimization an integral part of an efficient query evaluation. Given a logical query  , the T&O performs traditional query optimization tasks such as plan enumeration  , evaluating join orderings  , index selections and predicate place- ment U1188  , CS96  , HSSS. Our approach incorporates a traditional query optimizer T&O  , as a component. The different formats that exist for query tree construction range from simple to complex. As will be shown  , the different formats offer different tradeoffs  , both during query optimization and query execution. In database query languages late binding is somewhat problematic since good query optimization is very important to achieve good performance. Having late binding in the query language is necessary @ the presence of inheritance and operator overloading. There is currently no optimization performed across query blocks belonging to different E-ADTs . In this example   , the SQL optimizer is called on the outer query block  , and the SEQUIN optimizer operates on the nested query block. The entity types of our sample environment are given in Figs. In our experiments we found that binning by query length is both conceptually simple and empirically effective for retrieval optimization. Any query-dependent feature or combination of thereof can be used for query binning. Dynamic re-optimization techniques augment query plans with special operators that collect statistics about the actual data during the execution of a query 9  , 13. Moreover  , our approach is effective for any join query and predicate combinations. If a query can m-use cached steps  , the rest of the parsing and optimization is bypassed. These include exact match of the query text and equivalent host types from where the query originated. The task of the query optimizer is to build a feasible and cost-effective query execution plan considering limitations on the access patterns. Also  , the underlying query optimizer may produce sub-optimal physical plans due to assumptions of predicate independence. For this modularity  , we pay the penalty of inefficient query optimizers that do not tightly couple alternate query generation with cost-based optimization . DB2 Information Integrator deploys cost-based query optimization to select a low cost global query plan to execute . Statistics about the remote databases are collected and maintained at II for later use by the optimizer for costing query plans. We discuss the various query plans in a bit more detail as the results are presented. Consequently  , all measurements reported here are for compiled query plan execution i.e. , they do not include query optimization overhead. Development of such query languages has prompted research on new query optimization methods  , e.g. The evolution of relational databases into Object-Relational databases has created the need for relationally complete and declarative Object-Oriented 00 query languages. By compiling into an algebraic language  , we facilitate query optimization. Secondly  , many query optimizers work on algebraic representations of queries  , and try to optimize the order of operations to minimize the cost while still computing an algebraically equivalent query. Semantic query optimization can be viewed as the search for the minimum cost query execution plan in the space of all possible execution plans of the various semantically equivalent hut syntactically ditferent versions of the original query. Heurirtic Marching: We note that other researchers have termed such queries 'set queries' Gavish and Segev 19861. Query optimization derives a strategy for transmitting and joining these relations in order to minimize query total time or query response time. FluXQuery is  , to our knowledge  , the first XQuery engine that optimizes query evaluation using schema constraints derived from DTDs 1 . Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , it also improves query execution efficiency since it makes it possible for optimizers to always run at their highest optimization level as the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. We have presented and evaluated PLASTIC  , a valueaddition tool for query optimizers that attempts to efficiently and accurately predict  , given previous training instances   , what plans would be chosen by the optimizer for new queries. RuralCafe  , then allows the users to choose appropriate query expansion terms from a list of popular terms. The first optimization is to suggest associated popular query terms to the user corresponding to a search query. The objective of this class of queries is to test whether the selectivity of the text query plays a role in query optimization. A natural example of such a query is searching for catalog items by price and description. The optimal point for this optimization query this query is B.1.a. Since the worklist is now empty  , we have completed the query and return the best point. The next important phase in query compilation is Query Optimization. A prominent example in which this can happen is a query with a Boolean AND expression if one of the subexpressions returns false and the other one returns an error. There are several reasons for wanting to restrict the design of a query tree. Planning a function like S&QWN causes the optimization of the embedded query to be performed. However  , existing work primarily focuses on various aspects of query-local data management  , query execution   , and optimization. In addition to the early work on Web queries  , query execution over Linked Data on the WWW has attracted much attention recently 9 ,10 ,12 ,13 ,14. The trade-off between re-optimization and improved runtime must be weighed in order to be sure that reoptimization will result in improved query performance. It remains future work to investigate whether and when re-optimization of a query should take place. E.g. , Given two topic names  , " query optimization " and " sort-merge join "   , the Prerequisite metalink instance " query optimization Pre sort-merge join  , with importance value 0.8 " states that " prerequisite to viewing  , learning  , etc. Metalinks represent relationships among topics not sources; i.e. , metalinks are " meta " relationships. The blackbox ADT approach for executing expensive methods in SQL is to execute them once for each new combination of arguments. A control strategy is needed to decide on the rewrite rules that should be applied to a given statement sequence. These optimizations are similar to rewrite rules used in conventional single-query optimization 4 as well as in multi-query optimization 1  , 6. With such an approach  , no new execution operators are required  , and little new optimization or costing logic is needed. Transforming PIVOT into GROUP BY early in query compilation for example  , at or near the start of query optimization or heuristic rewrite requires relatively few changes on the part of the database implementer. Optimization during query compilr tion assumes the entire buffer pool is available   , but in or&r to aid optimization at nmtime  , the query tree is divided into fragments. The original query is transformed into syntactically different  , but semantically equivalent t queries  , which may possibly yield a more efficient execution planS. Compared to the global re-optimization of query plans  , our inspection approach can be regarded as a complementary   , local optimization technique inside the hash join operator. If the operator detects that the actual statistics deviate considerably from the optimizer's estimates  , the current execution plan is stopped and a new plan is used for the remainder of the query. The Plastic system  , proposed in GPSH02   , amortizes the cost of query optimization by reusing the plans generated by the optimizer. CHS99  proposes least expected cost query optimization which takes distribution of the parameter values as its input and generates a plan that is expected to perform well when each parameter takes a value from its distribution at run-time. Optimization for queries on local repositories has also focused on the use of specialized indices for RDF or efficient storage in relational databases  , e.g. Research on query optimization for SPARQL includes query rewriting 9 or basic reordering of triple patterns based on their selectivity 10. A " high " optimization cost may be acceptable for a repetitive query since it can be amortized over multiple executions. This is made difficult by the necessary trade-off between optimization cost and quality of the generated plans the latter translates into query execution cost. We see that the optimization leads to significantly decreased costs for the uniform model  , compared to the previous tables. In Table 5we show CPU costs with this optimization  , for queries with expected query range sizes of 7 days  , 30 days  , and one year  , under the uniform and biased query model. In Figure 5  , we show results for the fraction pruning method and the max score optimization on the expanded query set. We found that  , counter to general wisdom regarding the max score optimization  , max score and our technique did not work as effectively on our expanded query set as on title queries. For example  , if our beers/drinkers/bars schema had " beers " as a top level node  , instead of being as a child node of Drinkers  , then the same query would had been obtained without the reduction optimization. We observed that this optimization also helps in making the final SQL query less sensitive to input schema. Many researchers have investigated the use of statistics for query optimization  , especially for estimating the selectivity of single-column predicates using histograms PC84  , PIH+96  , HS95 and for estimating join sizes Gel93  , IC91  , SS94 using parametric methods Chr83  , Lyn88 . Cost-based query optimization was introduced in SAC+79. For suitable choices of these it might be feasible to efficiently obtain a solution. It is evident that the result of a general OPAC query involves the solution of an optimization problem involving a potentially complex aggregation constraint on relation   , the nature of the aggregation constraint  , and the optimization objective  , different instances of the OPAC query problem arise. Third-order dependencies may be useful  , however   , and even higher-order dependencies may be of interest in settings outside of query optimization. The results in 16  indicate that  , for purposes of query optimization  , the benefits of identifying kth-order dependencies diminish sharply as k increases beyond 2. Doing much of the query optimization in the query language translator also helps in keeping the LSL interpreter as simple as possible. It is the translator  , not the LSL interpreter  , which can easily view the entire boolean qualification so as to make such an optimization. This research is an important contribution to the understanding of the design tradeoffs between query optimization and data allocation for distributed database design. The numhcr  , placement  , and effective use of data copies is an important design prohlem that is clearly intcrdcpcndent with query optimization and data allocation. Many researchers have worked on optimizer architectures that facilitate flexibility: Bat86  , GD87  , BMG93  , GM931 are proposals for optimizer genera- tors; HFLP89  , BG92 described extensible optimizers in the extended relational context; MDZ93  , KMP93  proposed architectural frameworks for query optimization in object bases. Fre87  , GD87  , Loh88 made rule-based query optimization popular  , which was later adopted in the object-oriented context  , as e.g. , OS90  , KM90  , CD92. Another approach to this problem is to use dynamic query optimization 4 where the original query plan is split into separately optimized chunks e.g. Our approach is to do local optimization of the resolvents of late bound functions and then define DTR in terms of the locally optimized resolvents. The technique in MARS 9 can be viewed as a SQL Optimization technique since the main optimization occurs after the SQL query is generated from the XML query. While this technique has its own advantages  , it does not produce efficient SQL queries for simple XML queries that contain the descendant axis // like the example in Section 2.1. However  , what should be clear is that given such cost-estimates  , one could optimize inductive queries by constructing all possible query plans and then selecting the best one. In the current implementation we e two-level optimization strategy see section 1 the lower level uses the optimization strateg present in this paper  , while the upper level the oy the in which s that we join order egy. Moreover  , as the semantic information about the database and thus the corresponding space of semantically equivalent queries increases  , the optimization cost becomes comparable to the cost of query execution plan  , and cannot be ignored. For query optimization  , a translation from UnQL to UnCAL is defined BDHS96  , which provides a formal basis for deriving optimization rewrite rules such as pushing selections down. query language BDHS96  , FS98 is based on a graph-structured data model similar to OEM. Moreover  , most parallel or distributed query optimization techniques are limited to a heuristic exploration of the search space whereas we provide provably optimal plans for our problem setting. Due to lack of code shipping  , techniques for parallel and distributed query optimization   , e.g. , fragment-replicate joins 26  , are inapplicable in our scenario. In the following we describe the two major components of our demonstration: 1 the validity range computation and CHECK placement  , and 2 the re-optimization of an example query. POP detects this during runtime  , as the validity range for a specific part of a query plan is violated  , and triggers re-optimization. 13; however  , since most users are interested in the top-ranking documents only  , additional work may be necessary in order to modify the query optimization step accordingly. After developing the complete path algebra  , we can apply standard query optimization techniques from the area of database systems see e.g. In this section  , we propose an object-oriented modeling of search systems through a class hierarchy which can be easily extended to support various query optimization search strategies. We notice that  , using the proposed optimization method  , the query execution time can be significantly improved in our experiments  , it is from 1.6 to 3.9 times faster. The speedup is calculated as the query execution time when the optimization is not applied divided by the optimized time. Whereas query engines for in-memory models are native and  , thus  , require native optimization techniques  , for triple stores with RDBMS back-end  , SPARQL queries are translated into SQL queries which are optimized by the RDBMS. Because of the fundamentally different architectures of in-memory and on-disk models  , the considerations regarding query optimization are very different. When existing access structures give only partial support for an operation  , then dynamic optimization must be done to use the structures wisely. An ADT-method approach cannot identify common sub-expressions without inter-function optimization  , let alone take advantage of them to optimize query execution. Experiment 5 showed that the common subexpression optimization could reduce query execution time by almost a factor of two. For multiple queries  , multi-query optimization has been exploited by 11 to improve system throughput in the Internet and by 15 for improving throughput in TelegraphCQ. The work in 24 proposes rate-based query optimization as a replacement of the traditional cost-based approach. The novel optimization plan-space includes a variety of correlated and decorrelated executions of each subquery  , using VOLCANO's common sub-expression detection to prevent a blow-up in optimization complexity. Further  , ROLEX accepts a navigational profile associated with a view query and uses this profile in a costbased optimizer to choose a best-cost navigational query plan. The original method  , referred to as query prioritization QP   , cannot be used in our experiments because it is defined as a convex optimization that demands a set of initial judgments for all the queries. Note the importance of separating the optimization time from the execution time in interpreting these results. The diversity of search space is proportional to the number of different optimization rules which executed successfully during optimization. The size of the plan space is a function of the query size and complexity but also proportional to the number of exploration rules that created alternatives during optimization. To perform optimization of a computation over a scientific database system  , the optimizer is given an expression consisting of logical operators on bulk data types. In this section we present an overview of transformation based algebraic query optimization  , and show how the optimization of scientific computations fits into this framework. In this way  , the longer the optimization time a query is assigned  , the better the quality of the plan will be.2 Complex canned queries have traditionally been assigned high optimization cost because the high cost can be amortized over multiple runs of the queries. The optimizer should also treat the optimization time as a critical resource. Therefore  , some care is needed when adding groupings to order optimization  , as a slowdown of plan generation would be unacceptable . Experimental results have shown that the costs for order optimization can have a large impact on the total costs of query optimization 3. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , PLASTIC also improves query execution efficiency because optimizers can now always run at their highest optimization level – the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. Further  , even when errors were made  , only marginal additional execution costs were incurred due to the sub-optimal plan choices. These five optimization problems have been solved for each of the 25 selected queries and for each run in the set of 30 selected runs  , giving a total of 5×25×30 = 3  , 750 optimization problems. As seen in Figures 3 and 4  , there are five optimization problems to be solved for each query of each run one for each measure. While search efficiency was one of the central concerns in the design and implementation of the Volcano optimizer generator 8  , these issues are orthogonal to the optimization of scientific computations  , and are not addressed in this paper. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. On the other hand  , optimizing a query into a single plan at compilation time may result in a substantially suboptimal plan if the actual parameter values are different from those assumed at optimization time GW89. However  , a plan that is optimal can still be chosen as a victim to be terminated and restarted  , 2 dynamic query re-optimization techniques do not typically constrain the number of intermediate results to save and reuse  , and 3 queries are typically reoptimized by invoking the query optimizer with updated information. To tackle the problem  , we clean the graph before using it to compute query dissimilarity. If the graph is unreliable  , the optimization results will accordingly become unreliable. In addition  , we show that incremental computation is possible for certain operations . : Many of these identities enable optimization via query rewriting. Recent works have exploited such constraints for query optimization and schema matching purposes e.g. , 9. Example constraints include " housearea ≤ lot-area " and " price ≥ 10 ,000 " . Flexible mechanisms for dynamically adjusting the size of query working spaces and cache areas are in place  , but good policies for online optimization are badly missing. Memory management. The contributions in SV98 are complementary to our work in this paper. They also propose techniques for incorporating these alternative choices for cost based query optimization. 27  introduces a rank-join operator that can be deployed in existing query execution interfaces. 20 focuses on the optimization of the top-k queries. Let V denote the grouping attributes mentioned in the group by clause. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of query optimization. Some alternatives are discussed in Has95. A few proposals exist for evaluating transitive closures in distributed database systems 1 ,9 ,22 . Parallelism is however recognized as a very important optimization feature for recursive query evaluation. l The image expression may be evaluated several times during the course of the query. l Deciding between different plans requires cost-based optimization of the image expression. Since vague queries occur most often in interactive systems  , short response times are essential. The models and procedures described here are part of the query optimization. The associated rewrite rules exploit the fact that statements of a sequence are correlated. Section 3 shows that this approach also enables additional query optimization techniques. Repetition is eliminated  , making queries easier to ready  , write  , and maintain. The implementation appeared to be outside the RDBMS  , however  , and there was not significant discussion of query optimization in this context. SchemaSQL 5 implements transposing operations. In Sections 2–4 we describe the steps of the BHUNT scheme in detail  , emphasizing applications to query optimization. Static shared dataflows We first show how NiagaraCQ's static shared plans are imprecise. It can also be used with traditional multiple-query optimization MQO schemes. This monotonicity declaration is used for conventional query optimization and for improving the user interface. The user can specm  , for example  , that WEIGHT =< WEIGHTtPREV. The rest of the paper is organized as follows. The weights for major concepts and the sub concepts are 1.0 and 0.2  , respectively. The method for weight optimization is the same as that for query section weighting. Table 2shows the speedup for each case. have proposed a strategy for evaluating inductive queries and also a first step in the direction of query optimization. De Raedt et al. In addition to the usual query parsing  , query plan generation and query parallelization steps  , query optimization must also determine which DOP to choose and on which node to execute the query. The query coordinator prepares the execution depending on resource availability in the Grid. It also summarizes related work on query optimization particularly focusing on the join ordering problem. Section 5 reviews previous work on index structures for object-oriented data bases. We conclude with a discussion of open problems and future work. An approach to semantic query optimization using a translation into Datalog appears in 13  , 24. Precomputed join indexes are proposed in 46 . We envision three lines of future research. We enforced C&C constraints by integrating C&C checking into query optimization and evaluation. The remaining of this paper is structured as follows. Service call invocations will be tracked and displayed to illustrate query optimization and execution. Section 5 describes the impact of RAM incremental growths on the query execution model. Section 4 addresses optimization issues in this RAM lower bound context. Over all of the queries in our experiments the average optimization time was approximately 1/2 second. Each query was run with an initially empty buffer. 10 modeled conditional probability distributions of various sensor attributes and introduced the notion of conditional plans for query optimization with correlated attributes. Deshpande et al. Moral: AQuery transformations bring substantial performance improvements  , especially when used with cost-based query optimization. The result is consistently faster response times.   , s ,} The problem of parametric query optimization is to find the parametric optimal set of plans and the region of optimality for each parametric optimal plan. Ten years later  , the search landscape has greatly evolved. On the other hand  , in the SQL tradition  , W3QL was a declarative query language that offered opportunities for optimization. First  , our query optimization rules are based on optimizing XPath expressions over SQL/XML and object relational SQL. Our work is unique in the following respects. Sophisticated optimization will be used to separate the original query inlo pieces targeted for individual data sources whose content and order of execution are optimal. Schema knowledge is used to rewrite a query into a more efficient one. In this demo  , we highlight the schema-based optimization SQO on one abstraction level. Next  , we turn our attention to query optimization. We then show how to compile such a program into an execution plan. The module for query optimization and efficient reasoning is under development. The prototype of OntoQuest is implemented with Java 1.4.2 on top of Oracle 9i. For traditional relational databases  , multiplequery optimization 23 seeks to exhaustively find an optimal shared query plan. The problem of sharing the work between multiple queries is not new. We can now formally define the query optimization problem solved in this paper. This assumption is also validated by our experiments Section 7. The second step consists of an optimization and translation phase. Then  , this m%imal Query PCN is build in main memory. Section 2 provides an overview of BP-Mon  , and Section 3 briefly describes the underlying formal model. The size of our indexes is therefore significant  , and query optimization becomes more complex. But within that  , we maintain multiple tables of hundreds of millions of rows each. The existing optimizers  , eg. The approach of simultaneous query optimization will lead to each such plan being generated exactly once for all the queries optimized together. query execution time. For SQO  , we have to consider the trade-off between the cost of optimization and solution quality i.e. No term reweighting or query expansion methods were tried. As last year  , on this occasion we have tried only the threshold optimization. A similar concept is proposed in DeWitt & Gray 92. In addition to syntactic rules  , we may also study the domain-specific rules for inferring new triples using provenance  , temporal or spatial information. Whether or not the query can be unnested depends on the properties of the node-set . This optimization would unnest such a subquery. Several plans are identified and the optimal plan is selected. The basic idea of global planning is the same as query optimization in database management systems. Section 2 formally defines the parametric query optimization problem and provides background material on polytopes. For more sophisticated rules  , cost functions were needed Sma97  to choose among many alternative query plans. Some optimization techniques were designed  , but not all of them were implemented . A related approach is multi-query execution rather than optimization. Such operator sharing is even the cornerstone of the Q-Pipe architecture 14. 4.9  , DJ already maintains the minimal value of all primary keys in its own internal statistics for query optimization. In fact  , as explained in Sect. In Section 2  , we provide some background information on XML query optimization and the XNav operator. Scientific data is commonly represented as a mesh. This model can be exploited for data management and  , in particular  , we will use it for query optimization purposes. Their proposed technique can be independently applied on different parts of the query. 3  , 9  both consider a single optimization technique using one type of schema constraint. sources on sort-merge join "   , and this metalink instance is deemed to have the importance sideway value of 0.8. sources on query optimization is viewing  , learning  , etc. Compiling SQL queries on XML documents presents new challenges for query optimization. And this doesn't even consider the considerable challenges of optimizing XQuery queries! Experiment 3 demonstrates how the valid-range can be used for optimization. These valid ranges can be propagated through the entire query as described in SLR94. This function can be easily integrated in the query optimization algorisms Kobayashi 19811. The second difficulty can be resolved by introducing imaginary tuples. Resolve ties by choosing fragment that has the greater number of queries. Imposing a uniform limit on hot set size over all queries can be suboptimal. One is based on algebraic simplification of a query and compilr tinlc> heuristics. Finally  , consider the two major approaches to qitcry optimization for regular databases. An experienced searcher was recruited to run the interactive query optimization test. In practice  , the test searcher did not face any time constraints. However  , their optimization method is based on Eq. a given query node to Orn time  , thus needing Orn 2  time for all-pairs SimRank. Thirdly  , the relational algebra relies on a simple yet powerful set of mathematical primitives. Figure 4summarizes the query performance for 4 queries of the LUBM. Hence  , it is not surprising that for certain queries no optimization is achieved at all. MIRACLE exploits some techniques used by the OR- ACLE Server for the query optimization a rule-based approach and an statistical approach. 5.3. Section 3 presents our RAM lower bound query execution model. Second  , they provide more optimization opportunities. First  , users can calculate the whole Skycube in one concise and semantic-clear query  , instead of issuing 2 d − 1 skyline queries. To our best knowledge  , the containment of nested XQuery has so far been studied only in 9  , 18  , and 10. We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. Second  , we are interested in evaluating the efficiency of the engine. During the first pass the final output data is requested sorted by time. The mathematical problem formulation is given in Section 3. In the literature  , most researches in distributed database systems have been concentrated on query optimization   , concurrency control  , recovery  , and deadlock handling. Finally  , conclusions appear in Section 5. In Section 6 we briefly survey the prior work that our system builds upon. The query evaluation and optimization strategies are then described in Sections 4 and 5. We also plan to explore issues of post query optimization such as dynamic reconfiguration of execution plan at run time. These are topics of future research. In Section 4  , we give an illustrative example to explain different query evaluation strategies that the model offers. Figure 8depicts this optimization based on the XML document and query in Figure 4. Also we can avoid creating any edges to an existence-checking node. The system returned the top 20 document results for each query. The results of our optimization experiments are shown in Tables 2 and 3. Query-performance predictors are used to evaluate the performance of permutations. The approach is based on applying the Cross Entropy optimization method 13 upon permutations of the list. The compiled query plan is optimized using wellknown relational optimization techniques such as costing functions and histograms of data distributions. As a result  , many runtime checks are avoided. If a DataGuide is to be useful for query formulation and especially optimization  , we must keep it consistent when the source database changes. Ct An important optimization technique is to avoid sorting of subcomponents which are removed afterwards due to duplicate elimination. The arrangement of query modification expressions can be optimized. The other set of approaches is classified as loose coupling. However  , such approaches have not exploited the query optimization techniques existing in the DBMSs. Query optimization is a major issue in federated database systems. A CIM application has been prototyped on top of the system RF'F95. Since the early stages of relational database development   , query optimization has received a lot of at- tention. Section 5 concludes the paper. The translation and optimization proceeds in three steps. Our query optimizer translates user queries written in XQuery into optimized FluX queries. Besides  , in our current setting  , the preference between relevance and freshness is assumed to be only query-dependent. For example  , using Logistic functions can naturally avoid the range constrains over query weights in optimization. These specific technical problems are solved in the rest of the paper. Then we give an overview of how a query is executed; this naturally leads to hub selection and query optimization issues. This is a critical requirement in handling domain knowledge  , which has flexible forms. Second  , a declarative query language such as SQL can insulate the users from the details of data representation and manipulation   , while offering much opportunity in query optimization. We examine only points in partitions that could contain points as good as the best solution. DB2 has separate parsers for SQL and XQuery statements   , but uses a single integrated query compiler for both languages. Histograms of element occurrences  , attribute occurrences  , and their corresponding value occurrences aid in query optimization. Many sources rank the objects in query results according to how well these objects match the original query. These characteristics also impact the optimization of queries over these sources. Additionally it can be used to perform other tasks such as query optimization in a distributed environment. A catalog service in a large distributed system can be used to determine which nodes should receive queries based on query content. The Postgres engine takes advantage of several Periscope/SQ Abstract Data Types ADTs and User-Defined Functions UDFs to execute the query plan. The query is then passed on to Postgres for relational optimization and execution . The optimization of Equation 7 is related to set cover  , but not straightforwardly. shows whether query graph q l has feature fi  , and z jl indicates whether database graph gj is pruned for query graph q l . The Epoq approach to extensible query optimization allows extension of the collection of control strategies that can be used when optimizing a query 14. The control we present here is designed to support thii kind of extensibility. Above results are just examples from the case study findings to illustrate the potential uses of the proposed method. One important aspect of query optimization is to detect and to remove redundant operations  , i.e. It is the task of the query optimizer to produce a reasonable evaluation strategy  161. Lots can be explored using me&data such as concept hierarchies  and discovered knowledge. Knowledge discovery in databases initiates a new frontier for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. At every region knowledge wurces are act ivatad consecutively completing alternative query evaluation plans. The resultant query tree is then given to the relational optimizer  , which generates the execution plan for the execution engine. The query tree is then further optimized through view merging and subquery to join conversion and operator tree optimization. The goal of such investigations is es- tablishing equivalent query constructs which is important for optimization. Formalization cordtl cotlcern utilization of viewers in languages  , for example  , in query operators or programming primitives. Contributions of R-SOX include: 1. Our R-SOX system  , built with Raindrop 4  , 6  , 5 as its query engine kernel  , now can specify runtime schema refinements and perform a variety of runtime SQO strategies for query optimization. Moreover  , translating a temporal query into a non-temporal one makes it more difficult to apply query optimization and indexing techniques particularly suited for temporal XML documents. Even for simple temporal queries  , this approach results in long XQuery programs. There is no other need for cooperation except of the support of the SPARQL protocol. In particular  , M3 uses the statistics to estimate the cardinality of both The third strategy  , denoted M3 in what follows  , is a variant of M2 that employs full quad-based query optimization to reach a suitable physical query plan. More precisely  , we demonstrate features related to query rewriting  , and to memory management for large documents. At query optimization time  , the set of candidate indexes desirable for the query are recorded by augmenting the execution plan. The broad architecture of the solution is shown in Figure 4. Incorporate order in a declarative fashion to a query language using the ASSUMING clause built on SQL 92. Such models can be utilized to facilitate query optimization  , which is also an important topic to be studied. Another exciting direction for future work is to derive analytical models 12 that can accurately estimate the query costs. Originally  , query containment was studied for optimization of relational queries 9  , 33 . Finally  , we note that query containment has also been used in maintenance of integrity constraints 19  , 15  and knowledge-base ver- ification 26. Suppose we can infer that a query subexpression is guaranteed to be symmetric. Thus we can benefit from the proposed query optimization techniques of Section 3 even if we do not have any stored kernels in the database. query optimization has the goal to find the 'best' query execution plan among all possible plans and uses a cost model to compare different plans. Currently  , we support two join implementations: However  , it is important to optimize these tests further using compile-time query optimization techniques. Evaluating the query tests obviously takes time polynomial in the size of the view instance and base update. For optimization  , MXQuery only implements a dozen of essential query rewrite rules such as the elimination of redundant sorts and duplicate elimination. MXQuery does not have a cost-based query optimizer . Since OOAlgebra resembles the relational algebra   , the familiar relational query optimization techniques can be used. For OODAPLEX  , we had developed an algebra  , OOAlgebra   , as the target language for query compilation DAYA89 . SEMCOG also maintains database statistics for query optimization and query reformulation facilitation. The server functions are supported by five modules to augment the underlying database system multimedia manipulation and search capability. The most expensive lists to look at will be the ones dropped because of optimization. Terms with long inverted lists will therefore be examined last since the query terms are sorted by decreasing query weight. Second  , we describe a novel two-stage optimization technique for parameterized query expansion. As we show  , this framework is a generalization and unification of current state-of-the-art concept weighting 6  , 18  , 31 and query expansion 24  , 15 models. Similarly  , we weight the query terms according to whether they are sub-concepts or not. Similarly   , automatic checking tools face a number of semidecidability or undecidability theoretical results. Extended Datalog is a query language enabling query optimization but it does not have the full power of a programming language. After rewriting  , the code generator translates the query graphs into C++ code. In fact  , V represents the query-intent relationships  , i.e. , there is a D-dimensional intents vector for each query. To solve the optimization problem in 6  , we use a matrix V and let V = XA T . The conventional approach to query optimization is to pick a single efficient plan for a query  , based on statistical properties of the data along with other factors such as system conditions. 1 Suppose the following conditions hold for the example: This type of optimization does not require a strong DataGuide and was in fact suggested by NUWC97. For this query and many others  , such a finding guarantees that the query result is empty. In this case we require the optimizer to construct a table of compiled query plans. When query optimization occurs prior to execution  , resource requests must be deferred until runtime. Section 3.3 describes this optimization. In particular  , we may be able to estimate the cost of a query Q for an atomic configuration C by using the cost of the query for a " simpler " configuration C'. The optimizer's task is the translation of the expression generated by the parser into an equivalent expression that is cheaper to evaluate. For example  , V1 may store some tuples that should not contribute to the query  , namely from item nodes lacking mail descendants. Summary-based optimization The rewritten query can be more efficient if it utilizes the knowledge of the structural summary. Work on frameworks for providing cost information and on developing cost models for data sources is  , of course  , highly relevant. UFA98 describes orthogonal work to incorporate cost-based query optimization into query scrambling. Enhanced query optimizers have to take conditional coalescing rules into consideration as well. However restricting attention to this class of rules means not to exploit the full potential of query optimization. In this method  , subqueries and answers are kept in main memory to reduce costs. However  , a clever optimization of interpreted techniques known as query/sub-query has been developped at ECRC Vieille86 . This query is a variant of the query used earlier to measure the performance of a sequence scan. During execution of the SQL query  , the nested SE &UIN expression is evaluated just as any other function would be. Note  , however  , that the problem studied here is not equivalent to that of query containment. For an overview and references  , see the chapters on query optimization in MA831 or UL82. Well-known query optimization strategies CeP84 push selections down to the leaves of a query tree. The first one is about the consequences of these results for data fragmentation. It is important to understand the basic differences between our scenario and a traditional centralized setting which also has query operators characterized by costs and selectivities. In contrast to MBIS the schema is not fixed and does not need to be specified  , but is determined by the underlying data sources. In this paper  , we make a first step to consider all phases of query optimization in RDF repositories. We defined transformation rules on top of the SQGM to provide means for rewriting and simplifying the query formulation. Then  , we will investigate on optimization by using in-memory storage for the hash tables  , in order to decrease the query runtimes. the input threshold. The join over the subject variable will be less expensive and the optimization eventually lead to better query performance. Therefore  , a static optimizer should reverse the triple patterns. A set of cursor options is selected randomly by the query generator. Typically cursors involve different optimization  , execution and locking strategies depending on a variety of userspecified options. To improve the XML query execution speed  , we extract the data of dblp/inproceedings  , and add two more elements: review and comments. No optimization techniques are used. Copyright 2007 VLDB Endowment  , ACM 978-1-59593-649-3/07/09. Reordering the operations in a conventional relational DBMS to an equivalent but more efficient form is a common technique in query optimization. Reordering Boxes. We call this the irrelevant index set optimization. In this case  , the estimated cost for the query is the same as that over a database with no indexes. 19851. In general  , constraints and other such information should flow across the query optimization interfaces. This is more efficient because X is only accessed once. General query optimization is infeasible. Without this restriction  , transducers can be used for example to implement arbitrary iterative deconstructors or Turing machines. for each distinct value combination of all the possible run-time parameters. In principle  , the optimal plan generated by parametric query optimization may be different. Optimization of this query plan presents further difficulties. The DSMS performs only one instance of an operation on a server node with fewer power  , CPU  , and storage constraints. medium-or coarse-grained locking  , limited support for queries  , views  , constraints  , and triggers  , and weak subsets of SQL with limited query optimization. Many provide limited transaction facilities e.g. First  , expressing the " nesting " predicate .. Kim argued that query 2 was in a better form for optimization  , because it allows the optimizer to consider more strategies. The advantages of STAR-based query optimization are detailed in Loh87. In this example  , TableAccess has only two alternative definitions  , while TableScan has only three. Perhaps surprisingly  , transaction rates are not problematic. We used the same computer for all retrieval experiments. Using conditional compilation allows the compiler freedom to produce the most efficient code for each query optimization technique. 33  proposed an optimization strategy for query expansion methods that are based on term similarities such as those computed based on WordNet. al. In this section we evaluate the performance of the DARQ query engine. In this case DARQ has few possibilities to improve performance by optimization. The optimization of the query of Figure 1illustrated this. Inferred secondary orderings or groupings can be used to infer new primary orderings or groupings. Section 7 presents our conclusions  , a comparison with related work  , and some directions for future research. Section 6 compares query optimization strategies  , transformationfree with SA and II. The top layer consists of the optimizer/query compiler component. The knowledge gamed in performance tests can subsequently be built into optimization rules. The solution to this problem also has applications in " traditional " query optimization MA83 ,UL82. Database snapshots are another example of stored  , derived relations ALgO. But  , to our best knowledge  , no commercial RDBMS covers all major aspects of the AP technology. Some RDBMSs have means to associate optimization hints with a query without any modification of the query text. Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. They address the issue of equivalence decidability of regular path queries under such constraints. This query is optimized to improve execution; currently  , TinyDB only considers the order of selection predicates during optimization as the existing version does not support joins. The query is input on the user's PC  , or basestation.  For non-recursive data  , DTD-based optimizations can remove all DupElim and hash-based operators. Optimization of query plans using query information improves the performance of all alternatives  , and the addition of DTD-based optimizations improves them further. But  , the choice of right index structures was crucial for efficient query execution over large databases. Since query execution and optimization techniques were far more advanced  , DBAs could no longer rely on a simplistic model of the engine. For the purposes of this example we assume that there is a need to test code changes in the optimization rules framework. The query optimizer makes use of transformation rules which create the search space of query plan alternatives. It is important to point out their connection since semantic query optimization has largely been ignored in view maintenance literature. This is different from  , but related to  , the use of constraints in the area of semantic query optimiza- tion CGM88. The stratum approach does not depend on a particular XQuery engine. The advantage of this approach is that we can exploit the existing techniques in an XQuery engine such as the query optimization and query evaluation. Database queries are optimized based on cost models that calculate costs for query plans. , s ,} The problem of parametric query optimization is to find the parametric optimal set of plans and the region of optimality for each parametric optimal plan. Lack of Strategies for Applying Possibly Overlapping Optimization Techniques. Or for an XQuery that has nested subqueries  , a failed pattern in the inner query should not affect the computations in the outer query discussed more in Section 3.1. The query is interesting because it produces an intermediate result 1676942 facts that is orders of magnitude larger than the final results 888 facts. Note that the query is not optimized consecutively otherwise it is no different from existing techniques. The effect is equivalent to that of optimizing the query using a long optimization time. Learning can also be performed with databases containing noisy data and excep tional cases using database statistics. TTnfortllllat.ely  , query optimization of spatial data is different from that of heterogeneous databases because of the cost function. database systems e.g. , Dayal  , 19841 appears t ,o be ap plicahle to spatial query opt ,imizat.ion. That means the in memory operation account for significant part in the evaluation cost and requires further work for optimization. That effect is more considerable for the first query since that query will use larger memory. This is an open question and may require further research. Although this will eliminate the need for a probe query  , the dynamic nature of the switch operator provides only dynamic statistics which makes further query optimization very difficult. The Periscope/SQ optimizer rewrites this query using the algebraic properties of PiQA and cost estimates for different plans. Optimization is done by evaluating query fimess after each round of mutations and selecting the " most fit " to continue to the next generation. It then modifies queries by randomly adding or deleting query terms. The resulting megaplan is stored for subsequent execution by an extended execution engine. The rule/goal graph approach does not take advantage of existing DBMS optimization. Our aim is to eliminate this limitation by " normalixing " the query to keep only semantic information that is tmessay to evaluate the query. To select query terms  , the document frequencies of terms must be established to compute idf s before signature file access. When one uses the query term selection optimization  , the character-based signature file generates another problem. In the current version of IRO-DB  , the query optimizer applies simple heuristics to detach subqueries that are sent to the participating systems. Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. CPL is implemented on top of an extensible query system called Kleisli2  , which is written entirely in ML 19.  the query optimization problem under the assumption that each call to a conjunctive solver has unit cost and that the only set operation allowed is union. In this case  , one could actually employ the following query plan: Most important is the development of effective and realistic cost functions for inductive query evaluation and their use in query optimization. Nevertheless  , there are many remaining opportunities for further research. We use a popular LDC shingle dataset to perform two optimizations. However  , we believe that the optimization of native SPARQL query engines is  , nevertheless   , an important issue for an efficient query evaluation on the Semantic Web. Clearly  , main memory graph implementations do not scale. Thus  , optimization may reduce the space requirements to Se114 of the nonoptimized case  , where Se1 is the selectivity factor of the query. In addition  , entries need only be made for tuples within the selectivity range of the query. the resulting query plan can be cached and re-used exactly the way conventional query plans are cached. Note that during optimization only the support structures are set up  , i.e. Those benefits are limited  , as in any other software technology  , by theoretical results.  Order-Preserving Degree OPD: This metric is tailored to query optimization and measures how well Comet preserves the ordering of query costs. Over-costing good plans is less of a concern in practice. We continue with another iteration of query optimization and data allocation to see if a better solution can be found. Apers and is optimal  , given the existing query strategies. While we do have some existing solutions  , these are topics that we are currently exploring further. The X-axis shows the number of levels of nesting in each query  , while the Y-axis shows the query execution time. The results with and without the pipelining optimization are shown in Figure 17. As these methods do not pre-compile the queries  , they generate call loops to the DBMS which are rather inefficient. 4  , 5 proposed using statistics on query expressions to facilitate query optimization. 15 only considers numeric attributes and selection on a single relation  , while our method needs to handle arbitrary attributes and multiple relations. This capability is crucial for many different data management tasks such as data modeling   , data integration  , query formulation  , query optimization  , and indexing. We have described GORDIAN  , a novel technique for efficiently identifying all composite keys in a dataset. Likewise query rewrite and optimization is more complex for XML queries than for relational queries. However  , deciding whether a given index is eligible to evaluate a specific query predicate is much harder for XML indexes than for relational indexes. We also briefly discuss how the expand operator can be used in query optimization when there are relations with many duplicates. We pick the Starburst query optimizer PHH92 and mention how and where our transformations can be used. Therefore  , many queries execute selection operations on the base relations before executing other  , more complex operations. In 13   , the query containment problem under functional dependencies and inclusion dependencies is studied. There has also been a lot of work on the use of constraints in query optimization of relational queries 7  , 13  , 25. In 22   , a scheme for utilizing semantic integrity constraints in query optimization  , using a graph theoretic approach  , is presented. Users do not have to possess knowledge about the database semantics  , and the query optimieer takes this knowledge into account to generate Semantic query optimization is another form of automated programming. Thus  , cost functions used by II heavily influence what remote servers i.e. However  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. Compared with database based stores  , native stores greatly reduce the load and update time. The proposed method yielded two major innovations: inclusive query planning  , and query optimization. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS I am grateful to my supervisor Kalervo J~velin  , and to the FIRE group: Heikki Keskustalo  , Jaana Kekiilainen  , and others. We can see that the transformation times for optimized queries increase with query complexity from around 300 ms to 2800ms. shows the time needed for query planning and optimization transformation time. To reduce execution costs we introduced basic query optimization for SPARQL queries. Using service descriptions provides a powerful way to dynamically add and remove endpoints to the query engine in a manner that is completely transparent to the user. In query optimization mode  , BHUNT automatically partitions the data into " normal " data and " exception " data. We focus here on the direct use of discovered constraints by the query optimizer. In their relational test implementation they also consider only selection and join. On the other hand  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. Compared with DBMS based systems Minerva and DLDB  , it greatly reduced the load time. We have generalized the notion of convex sets or version spaces to represent sets of higher dimensions. This includes the grouping specified by the group by clause of the query  , if any exists.  A thread added to lock one of the two involved tables If the data race happens  , the second query will use old value in query cache and return wrong value while not aware of the concurrent insert from another client. Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. Our experiments show that query-log alone is often inadequate  , combining query-logs  , web tables and transitivity in a principled global optimization achieves the best performance. Second  , the query-expansion feature used is in fact often derived from query co-clicks 13   , thus similar to our query log based positive signals. The well-known inherent costs of query optimization are compounded by the fact that a query submitted to the database system is typically optimized afresh  , providing no opportunity to amortize these overheads over prior optimizations . Concurrently  , the query feature vector is stored in the Query Cluster Database  , as a new cluster representative. The inclusive query planning idea is easier to exploit since its outcome  , the representation of the available query tuning space  , can also be exploited in experiments on best-match IR systems. The query optimization operation in the proposed form is restricted to the Boolean IR model since it presumes that the query results are distinct sets. But in parametric query optimization  , we need to handle cost functions in place of costs  , and keep track of multiple plans  , along with their regions of optimality  , for each query/subexpression. In a conventional optimizer we have a single value as the cost for an operation or a plan and a single optimal plan for a query/sub-query expression. At query execution time  , when the actual parameter values are known  , an appropriate plan can be chosen from the set of candidates  , which can be much faster than reoptimizing the query. For each relation in a query  , we record one possible transmission between the relation and the site of every other relation in the query  , and an additional transmission to the query site. This approach recognizes the interdependencies between the data allocation and query optimization problems  , and the characteristics of local optimum solutions.  Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. This bug corresponds to mysqld-1 in Table 3  Enable the concurrent_insert=1 to allow concurrent insertion when other query operations to the same table are still pending. The query optimizer shuffles operators around in the query tree to produce a faster execution plan  , which may evaluate different parts of the query plan in any order considered to be correct from the relational viewpoint. As the accuracy of any query optimizer is dependent on the accuracy of its statistics  , for this application we need to accurately estimate both the segment and overall result selectivities. We develop a query optimization framework to allow an optimizer to choose the optimal query plan based on the incoming query and data characteristics. To control the join methods used in the query plans  , each plan was hand-generated and then run using the Starburst query execution driver. Figure 5shows the DAG that results from binary scoring assuming independent predicate scoring for the idf scores of the query in Figure 3. A simple way to implement this optimization is to convert the original query into a binary predicate query  , and build the relaxation DAG from this transformed query. Hence the discussion here outlines techniques that allow us to apply optimizations to more queries. Note that our optimization techniques will never generate an incorrect query — they will either not apply in which case we will generate the naive query or they will apply and will generate a query expected to be more efficient than the naive query. The conventional approach to query optimization is to examine each query in isolation and select the execution plan with the minimal cost based on some predcfincd cost flmction of I0 and CPU requirements to execute the query S&79. One thus needs to consider all query types together. In this section  , we discuss how the methods discussed to up to this point extend to more general situations. If alternative QGM representations are plausible depending upon their estimated cost  , then all such alternative QGMs are passed to Plan Optimization to be evaluated  , joined by a CHOOSE operator which instructs the optimizer to pick the least-cost alternative. QGM Optimization then makes semantic transformations to the QGM  , using a distinct set of sophisticated rewrite rules that transform the QGM query into a " better " one  , i.e. , one that is more efficient and/or allows more more leeway during Plan Optimization . Further  , the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. The optimization prohlem then uses the response time from the queueing model to solve for an improved solution. The Iirst part is the optimization just dcscrihcd which uses an assumed response time for each query type  , and the second part is a queueing model to solve for the rcsponse t.ime based on the access plan selections and buf ?%r allocation from the first part the optimization prohlcm. Yet another important advantage is that the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. As optimizers based on bottom-up Zou97  , HK+97  , JMP97 and top-down Ce96  , Gra96 search strategies are both extensible Lo88  , Gra95 and in addition the most frequently used in commercial DBMSs  , we have concentrated our research on the suitability of these two techniques for parallel query optimization. To overcome the shortcomings of each optimization strategy in combination with certain query types  , also hybrid optimizers have been proposed ON+95  , MB+96. In Tables 8 and 9 we do not see any improvement in preclslon at low recall as the optimization becomes more aggressive. Second  , at high recall  , precision becomes significant y worse as the optimization becomes more aggressive  , This is because we are not considering documents which have a strong combined belief from all of the query terms  , but lack a single query term belief strong enough to place the document in the candidate set. Once we have added appropriate indexes and statistics to our graph-based data model  , optimizing the navigational path expressions that form the basis of our query language does resemble the optimization problem for path expressions in object-oriented database systems  , and even to some extent the join optimization problem in relational systems. Statistics describing the " shape " of a data graph are crucial for determining which methods of graph traversal are optimal for a given query and database. In this paper  , we present a new architecture for query optimization  , based on a blackbonrd xpprowh  , which facilitates-in combination with a building block  , bottom-up arrscrnbling approach and early aqxeasiruc~~l. Although catalog management schemes are of great practical importance with respect to the site auton- omy 14  , query optimization 15  , view management l  , authorization mechanism 22   , and data distribution transparency 13  , the performance comparison of various catalog management schemes has received relatively little attention 3  , 181. Using the QGM representation of the query as input  , Plan Optimization then generates and models the cost of alternative plans  , where each plan is a procedural sequence of LOLEPOPs for executing the query. Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. Conventional query optimizers assume that the first part is negligible compared to the second  , and they try to minimize only the execution cost instead of the total query evaluation cost. Some of the issues to consider are: isolation levels repeatable read  , dirty read  , cursor stability  , access path selection table scan  , index scan  , index AND/ORing MHWC90  , Commit_LSN optimization Mohan90b  , locking granularity record  , page  , table  , and high concurrency as a query optimization criterion. While it is sometimes merely a performance advantage to take such an integrated view  , at other times even the correctness of query executions depends on such an approach. The optimization techniques being currently implemented in our system are : the rewriting of the FT 0 words into RT o   , a generalization of query modification in order to minimize the number of transitions appearing in the query PCN  , the transformation of a set of database updates into an optimized one as SellisgS does  , and the " push-up " of the selections. -The optimizer can use the broad body of knowledge developed for the optimization of relational calculus and relational algebra queries see  JaKo85  for a survey and further literature. Therefore defining the semantics of an SQL query by translation into relational algebra and relational calculus opens up new optimization oppor- tunities: -The optimizer can investigate the whole query and is no longer constrained to look at one subquery at a time. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. Let us mathematically formulate the problem of multi-objective optimization in database retrieval and then consider typical sample applications for information systems: Multi-objective Retrieval: Given a database between price  , efficiency and quality of certain products have to be assessed  Personal preferences of users requesting a Web service for a complex task have to be evaluated to select most appropriate services Also in the field of databases and query optimization such optimization problems often occur like in 22 for the choice of query plans given different execution costs and latencies or in 19 for choosing data sources with optimized information quality. The optimization problem can be solved by employing existing optimization techniques  , the computation details of which  , though tedious  , are rather standard and will not be presented here. Note that we can use different feature sets for different query topics by using this method  , but for simplicity  , we didn't try it in this work. It is not our goal in this paper to analyze optimization techniques for on-disk models and  , hence  , we are not going to compare inmemory and on-disk models. Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. In a case where we want half of the participants to be male and half female  , we can adjust weights of the objective optimization function to increase the likelihood that future trial candidates will match the currently underrepresented gender. In this paper we present a general framework to model optimization queries. This makes the framework appropriate for applications and domains where a number of different functions are being optimized or when optimization is being performed over different constrained regions and the exact query parameters are not known in advance. As such  , the framework can be used to measure page access performance associated with using different indexes and index types to answer certain classes of optimization queries  , in order to determine which structures can most effectively answer the optimization query type. However  , if the optimal contour crosses many partitions  , the performance will not be as good. Each query was executed in three ways: i using a relational database to store the Web graph  , ii using the S-Node representation but without optimization  , and iii using S- Node with cluster-based optimization. To generate Figure 12b  , we executed a suite of 30 Web queries over 5 different 20-million page data sets. The purpose of this example is not to define new optimization heuristics or propose new optimization strategies. In this section we give a design for a simple query rewrite system to illustrate the capabilities of the Epoq architecture and  , in particular  , to illustrate the planning-based control that will be presented in Section 5. Formulation A There are 171 separate optimization problems  , each one identical to the traditional  , nonparametric case with a different F vector: VP E  ?r find SO E S s.t. In general  , for every plan function s  , 7 can be partiof parametric query optimization. However  , the discussion of optimization using a functional or text index is beyond the scope of this paper. For an XML input whose structure is opaque  , the user can still use a functional index or a text index to do query optimization. The leftmost point is for pure IPC and the rightmost for pure OptPFD. In fact  , this hybrid index optimization problem motivated the optimization problem underlying the size/speed tradeoff for OptPFD in Figure 2per query in milliseconds  , for a hybrid index involving OptPFD and IPC. In this paper we proposed a general framework for expressing and analyzing approximate predicates  , and we described how to construct alternate query plans that effectively use the approximate predicates. In addition to considering when such views are usable in evaluating a query  , they suggest how to perform this optimization in a cost-based fashion. Therefore  , we need to find a priori which tables in the FROM clause will be replaced by V. Optimization of conjunctive SQL queries using conjunctive views has been studied in CKPS95. The results also shows how our conservative local heuristic sharply reduces the overhead of optimization under varying distributions. The second set of experiments shed light on how the distribution of the user-defined predicates among relations in the query influences the cost of optimization. However   , the materialized views considered by all of the above works are traditional views expressed in SQL. Optimization using materialized views is a popular and useful technique in the context of traditional database query optimization BLT86  , GMS93  , CKPS95  , LMSS95  , SDJL96 which has been successfully applied for optimizing data warehouse queries GHQ95  , HGW + 95  , H R U96  , GM96  , GHRU97. Note that even our recipes that do not exploit this optimization outperform the optimized VTK program and the optimized SQL query. The bars labelled with the 'o' suffix make use of a semantic optimization: We restrict the grid to the relevant region before searching for cells that contain points. Some of the papers on query evaluation mentioned in section 4.2 consider this problem. It is an interesting optimization problem to decide which domains to invert a static optimization and how to best evaluate the qualification given that only some of the domains are inverted. Concerning query optimization  , existing approaches  , such as predicate pushdown U1188 and pullup HS93  , He194  , early and late aggregation c.f. , YL94  , duplicate elimination removal PL94  , and DISTINCT pullup and pushdown  , should be applied to coalescing. In terms of future research  , more work is needed to understand the interplay of coalescing and other temporal operators with respect to queSy optimization and evaluation. Putting these together   , the ADT-method approach is unable to apply optimization techniques that could result in overall performance improvements of approximately two orders of magnitude! Traditional query optimization uses an enumerative search strategy which considers most of the points in the solution space  , but tries to reduce the solution space by applying heuristics. As the solution space gets larger for complex queries  , the search strategy that investigates alternative solutions is critical for the optimization cost. We have chosen not do use dynamic optimization to avoid high overhead of optimization at runtime. one for each resolvent of a late bound function  , and where the total query plan is generated at start-up time of the application program. Our approach exploits knowledge from different areas and customizes these known concepts to the needs of the object-oriented data models. In this way  , after two optimization calls we obtain both the best hypothetical plan when all possible indexes are present and the best " executable " plan that only uses available indexes. For that reason  , we would require a second optimization of the query  , this time using only the existing indexes. We describe our evaluation below  , including the platform on which we ran our experiments  , the test collections and query sets used  , the performance measured. Any evaluation of an unsafe optimization technique requmes measuring the execution speeds of the base and optimized systems  , as well as assessing the impact of the optimization technique on the system's retrieval effectiveness. In the following  , we focus on such an instantiation   , namely we employ as optimization goal the coverage of all query terms by the retrieved expert group. Obviously  , by defining a specific optimization goal  , we get different instantiations of the framework  , which correspond to different problem statements. In this optimization  , we transform the QTree itself. Our ideas are implemented in the DB2 family. We performed experiments to 1 validate our design choices in the physical implementation and 2 to determine whether algebraic optimization techniques could improve performance over more traditional solutions. Since the execution space is the union of the exccution spaces of the equivalent queries  , we can obtain the following simple extension to the optimization al- gorithm: 1. Thus  , the ecectllion space consists of the space of all join trees* for each equivalent query obtainrtl from Step 1 of optimization Section 4. Although this approach is effective in the database domain  , unfortunately  , in knowledge base systems this is not feasible. This is necessary to allow for both extensibility and the leverage of a large body of related earlier work done by the database research community. Such machinery needs to be based on intermediate representations of queries that are syntactically close to XQuery and has to allow for an algebraic approach to query optimization  , with buffering as an optimization target. The second issue  , the optimization of virtual graph patterns inside an IMPRECISE clause  , can be addressed with similarity indexes to cache repeated similarity computations—an issue which we have not addressed so far. The first issue can be addressed with iSPARQL query optimization  , which we investigated in 2 ,22. The goal is to keep the number of records Note that optimizing a query by transforming one boolean qualification into another one is a dynamic optimization that should be done in the user-to- LSL translator. For instance: with 4 levels  , the corresponding SEQUIN query is PROJECT count* FROM PROJECT * FROM PROJECT * FROM 100K~10flds~100dens , S; ZOOM ALL; We disabled the SEQ optimization that merges consecutive scans which would otherwise reduce all these queries to a common form. Besides these works on optimizer architectures  , optimization strategies for both traditional and " nextgeneration " database systems are being developed. The technique provides optimization of arbitrary convex functions  , and does not incur a significant penalty in order to provide this generality. In summary  , navigation profiles offer significant opportunities for optimization of query execution  , regardless of whether the XML view is defined by a standard or by the application. We argue that complex view queries contain many such tradeoffs; balancing them is part of the optimization space explored by ROLEX. This example illustrates the applicability of algebraic query optimization to real scientific computations  , and shows that significant performance improvements can result from optimization. Finally  , the reduction in the number of merge operations from 3 to 2 results in less copying of data  , and thus better performance. However  , this only covers a special case of grouping  , as we will discuss in some detail in Section 3. Parallel optimization is made difficult by the necessary trade-off between optimization cost and quality of the generated plans the latter translates into query execution cost. To copy otherwire  , or to republish  , requires a fee and/or rpecial permirrion from Ihe Endowment. In Section 3  , we show how our query and optimization engine are used in BBQ to answer a number of SQL queries  , 2 Though these initial observations do consume some energy up-front  , we will show that the long-run energy savings obtained from using a model will be much more significant. We discuss this optimization problem in more detail in Section 4. The basic idea behind our approach is similar in spirit to the one proposed by Hammcr5 and KingS for knowledge-based query optimization  , in the sense that we are also looking for optimization by semantic transformation. Finally  , Hammer only supports restricted forms of logically equivalent transformations because his knowledge reprsentation is not suitable for deductive use. Other types of optimizations such as materialized view selection or multi-query optimization are orthogonal to scan-related performance improvements and are not examined in this paper. Exactly this type of optimization lies in the heart of a read-optimized DB design and comprises the focus of this paper. The horizontal optimization specializes the case rules of a typeswitch expression with respect to the possible types of the operand expression. The structural function inlining yields an optimal expression for a given query by means of two kinds of static optimization  , which are horizontal and vertical optimizations. This optimization problem is NP-hard  , which can be proved by a reduction from the Multiway Cut problem 3 . Then the optimization target becomes F = arg max F ∈F lF  , where F is the set of all possible query facet sets that can be generated from L with the strict partitioning constraint. What differentiates MVPP optimization with traditional heuristic query optimization is that in an MVPP several queries can share some After each MVPP is derived  , we have to optimize it by pushing down the select and project operations as far as possible. The relation elimination proposed by Shenoy and Ozsoyoglu SO87 and the elimination of an unnecessary join described by Sun and Yu SY94 are very similar to the one that we use in our transformations. 11 ,12 a lot of research on query optimization in the context of databases and federated information systems. The introduction of an ER schema for the database improves the optimization that can be performed on GraphLog queries for example  , by exploiting functional dependencies as suggested in 25  , This means that the engineer can concentrate on the correct formulation of the query and rely on automatic optimization techniques to make it execute efficiently. For practical reasons we limited the scalability and optimization research to full text information re-trieval IR  , but we intend to extent the facilities to full fledged multimedia support. Distribution and query optimization are the typical database means to achieve this. This gives the opportunity of performing an individual  , " customized " optimization for both streams. The bypass technique fills the gap between the achievements of traditional query optimization and the theoretical potential   , In this technique  , specialized operators are employed that yield the tuples that fulfll the operator's predicate and the tuples that do not on two different  , disjoint output streams. This study has also been motivated by recent results on flexible buffer allocation NFSSl  , FNSSl. The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. Likewise to the previous studies 4  , 2  , 35  , we use the predictive perplexity 15 to evaluate the topic modeling accuracy. To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . This part of experiment is indicated as Supervised Modeling Section 3.3. Third  , ensembles of models arise naturally in hierarchical modeling. The alternative is to mine all data in-place and thus build k predictive models base-models locally. This modeling approach has the advantage of improving our understanding of the mechanisms driving diffusion  , and of testing the predictive power of information diffusion models. 2015. In addition to early detection of different diseases  , predictive modeling can also help to individualize patient care  , by differentiating individuals who can be helped from a specific intervention from those that will be adversely affected by the same inter- vention 7  , 8. One important application of predictive modeling is to correctly identify the characteristics of different health issues by understanding the patient data found in EHR 6. However  , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists  , such as Participants P7 and P12. Several interviewees reported that " operationalization " of their predictive models—building new software features based on the predictive models is extremely important for demonstrating the value of their work. Unlike traditional predictive display where typically 3D world coordinate CAD modeling is done  , we do not assume any a-priori information. In the predictive display application we do not sample different objects or faces  , but closely spaced images from the same objects and scene under varying poses. Calculating the average per-word held-out likelihood   , predictive perplexity measures how the model fits with new documents; lower predictive perplexity means better fit. Various methods were proposed to solve this problem – we used perplexity   , which is widely used in the language-modeling community   , as well as the original work to predict the best number of topics. When we are capable of building and testing a highly predictive model of user effectiveness we will be able to do cross system comparisons via a control  , but our current knowledge of user modeling is inadequate. In order to get comparable classes of users  , we need to know what measurable traits of users are highly predictive of searching effectiveness. Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. Thus although we anticipate that our qualitative results will prove robust to our specific modeling assumptions  , the relationship between model complexity and best-case predictive performance remains an interesting open question. However  , we will keep the nested logit terminology since it is more prevalent in the discrete choice literature. This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. Latent variable modeling is a promising technique for many analytics and predictive inference applications. Sequential prediction methods use the output of classifiers trained with previous  , overlapping subsequences of items  , assuming some predictive value from adjacent cases  , as in language modeling. These methods all train their subclassifiers on the same input training set. Fig.4 shows an example of predictive geometrical information display when an endmill is operated manually by an operator using joysticks which are described later. The z-map modeling method shown in Fig.3was introduced in the system. This approach is similar in nature t o model-predictive-control MPC. Periodic recomputation of the optimal leader and follower trajectories was employed to compensate for robot modeling inaccuracies. In addition  , they offer more flexibility for modeling practical scenarios where the data is very sparse. These methods have become prominent in recent years because they combine scalability with high predictive accuracy. Smoothed unigram language modeling has been developed to capture the predictive ability of individual words based on their frequency at each reading difficulty level 7. In recent years  , more sophisticated features and models are used. Modeling and feature selection is integrated into the search over the space of database queries generating feature candidates involving complex interactions among objects in a given database. It allows learning accurate predictive models from large relational databases. The formal definition of perplexity for a corpus D with D documents is: To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . Our predictive models are based on raw geographic distance How many meters is the ATM from me ? Motivated by this intuition   , this study focuses on modeling user-entity distance and inter-category differences in location preference. We evaluated each source and combinations of sources based on their predictive value. Implementing these context variants allowed us to systematically evaluate the effectiveness of different sources of context for user interest modeling. Specifically  , the predictive models can help in three different ways. When EHRs contain consistent data about patients and nurses modeling  , can be designed and used for devising efficient nursing patient care. The approach taken in this paper suggests a framework for understanding user behavior in terms of demographic features determined through unsupervised modeling. These data could be easily incorporated to improve the predictive power  , as shown in Figure 13. In terms of portability  , vertical balancing may be improved by modeling the similarity in terms of predictive evidence between source verticals. This work could be extended in several directions. As FData and RData have different feature patterns  , the combination of both result in better performance. Content features are not predictive perhaps due to 1 citation bias  , 2 paper quality is covered by authors/venues  , or 3 insufficient content modeling. These rules were then used to predict the values of the Salary attribute in the test data. Using each of our approach  , C4.5  , CBA  , and FID  , predictive modeling rules were mined from the dataset for data mining. Another objective of this research is to discover whether reducing the imbalance in the training data would improve the predictive performance for the 8 modeling methods we have evaluated. For each of the tree methods  , small improvement can be seen For each interface modeled we created a storyboard that contained the frames  , widgets  , and transitions required to do all the tasks  , and then demonstrated the tasks on the storyboard. But without the predictive human performance modeling provided by CogTool  , productivity of skilled users would not be able to play any role at all in the quantitative measures required. In addition  , MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 11  , item taxonomy 9 and attributes 1  , social relations 8  , and 3-way interactions 21. These methods have become very popular in recent years by combining good scalability with predictive accuracy. 4 Technically  , this model is called the hierarchical logit 32 and is slightly more general than the nested logit model derived from utility maximization. Having cost models for all three types of releases  , along with an understanding of the outiler subset of high productivity releases  , would complete the cost modeling area of our study. As more releases are completed  , predictive models for the other categories of releases can be developed. In particular  , low-rank MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 15  , item taxonomy 6  , and attributes 1. One of the most successful realizations of LFM  , which combines good scalability with predictive accuracy  , is based on low-rank MF e.g. , see 16 . These findings have profound implications for user modeling and personalization applications  , encouraging focus on approaches that can leverage users' browsing behavior as a source of information. In particular  , users' querying behavior their " talk "  is a more limited source of predictive signal than their browsing behavior their " walk " . Perplexity  , which is widely used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood lower numbers are better. To measure the ability of a model to act as a generative model  , we computed test-set perplexity under estimated parameters and compared the resulting values. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from data TransC i  for all the individual customer models and compare its performance with the performance of function 1 estimated from the transactional data for the whole customer base. In this section  , we compare individual vs. aggregate levels of customer modeling. Given the variety of models  , there was a pressing need for an objective comparison of their performance. At IBM  , a variety of approaches have been considered for estimating the wallet of customers for information technology IT products  , including heuristic approaches and predictive modeling. Preliminary results showed that our topic-based defect prediction has better predictive power than state-of-the-art approaches. We use topic modeling to recover the concerns/aspects in each software artifact  , and use them as input for machine learningbased defect prediction models. A lower score implies that word wji is less surprising to the model and are better. Perplexity is a standard measure used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood . Examining users' geographic foci of attention for different queries is potentially a rich source of data for user modeling and predictive analytics. Figure 10shows the trajectory of mouse movements made by a sample user who is geographicallyrefining a query for ski. An important advantage of the statistical modeling approach is the ability to analyze the predictive value of features that are being considered for inclusion in the ranking scheme. In each case the coefficient is equivalent to the log-odds logp/1-p of correctness conditioned on the overlap feature assuming a given value. A challenge of this approach is the tradeoff between the number of cohorts and the predictive power of cohorts on individuals. The results in the previous section show that our cohort modeling techniques using pre-defined features can more accurately estimate users' individual click preferences as represented via an increased number of SAT clicks than our competitive baseline method. Here the appearance function g has to be based only on the image sequences returned from the tele-manipulation system. Manually built models consist mainly of text patterns  , carefully created  , tested and maintained by domain and linguistic experts. Data Modeling: A predictive model  , capable of extracting facts from the decomposed and tagged input media  , needs to be constructed  , either manually or through automatic induction methods. These approaches frequently use probabilistic graphical models PGMs for their support for modeling complex relationships under uncertainty. Learning-based approaches have commonly been used to build predictive models of human behavior and to control behaviors of embodied conversational agents e.g. , 19  , 26  , 33. To evaluate the ability of generative models  , we numerically compared the models by computing test-set perplexity PPX. From the predictive modeling perspective  , homophily or its opposite  , heterophily can be used to build more accurate models of user behavior and social interactions based on multi-modal data. When user attributes relevant to forming social links are not directly observable   , this phenomenon is called latent homophily. Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. We study how such a user preference signal affects the clickrate of a business and design effective strategies to generate personalization features. l We found a high difference in effectiveness in the use of our systems between two groups of users. Since the core task for any user modeling system is predicting future behavior  , we evaluate the informativeness of different sources of behavioral signal based on their predictive value. On average   , each query-based user profile contains 21.2 keywords  , while each browsing-based profile contains 137.4 keywords based on 15 days of behavioral data. Considering the complexity and heterogeneity of our data and the problem  , it is important to use the most suitable and powerful prediction model that are available. It should be noted that the key contribution of this work is more about extracting the important features and understanding the domain by providing novel insights  , but not necessarily about building a new predictive modeling algo- rithm. Both risks may dramatically affect the classifier performance and can lead to poor prediction accuracy or even in wrong predictive models. Second  , poor or no data preparation is likely to lead to an incomplete and inaccurate data representation space  , which is spanned by variables and realizations used in the modeling step. For building accurate models  , ignoring instances with missing values leads to inferior model performance 7  , while acquiring complete information for all instances often is prohibitively expensive or unnecessary. Many predictive modeling tasks include missing data that can be acquired at a cost  , such as customers' buying preferences and lifestyle information that can be obtained through an intermediary. We also demonstrate the further improvement of UCM over URM  , due to UCM's more appropriate modeling of the retweet structure. Experimental results show that both URM and UCM significantly outperform all the baselines in terms of the quality of distilled topics  , model precision  , and predictive power. Compounding the lack of clarity in the claims themselves is an absence of a consistent and rigorous evaluation framework . On the other hand  , it is also misleading to imply that even if extreme events such as financial crises and societal revolutions cannot be predicted with any useful accuracy 54  , predictive modeling is counterproductive in general. In doing this  , we hope to exploit the strength of machine learning to quantify the improvement of the proposed features. Sheridan differentiates between two types: those which use a time series extrapolation for prediction  , and those which do system modeling also including the multidimensional control input2. Three main design considerations in a predictive display are: How to model the tele-operation system for the prediction. Table 2shows the results of the perplexity comparison. There has been a great deal of research on inductive transfer under many names  , e.g. The goal is to build models that can be used to generate behaviors that are interactive in the sense of being coordinated with a human partner. We will now describe a method for modeling the low-level signal exchange in interaction using simple predictive models . Clearly more sophisticated models of this sort may be more realistic than the one we have studied  , and may also yield somewhat different quantitative bounds to prediction. Such an approach can generate a more comprehensive understanding of users and their pref- erences 57  , 48  , 46. Finally  , modeling relational data as it persists or changes across time is an important challenge. The next step in our experimental plan is to use schemas such as our detailed ones for blog sevice users and bioinformatics information and computational grid users Hs05 to learn a richer predictive model. One key advantage of SJASM is that it can discover the underlying sentimental aspects which are predictive of the review helpfulness voting. We propose a novel supervised joint aspect and sentiment model SJASM  , which is a probabilistic topic modeling framework that jointly detects aspects and sentiments from reviews under the supervision of the helpfulness voting data. Mark has been a co-organizer of two TREC tracks  , a co-organizer of the SIGIR 2013 workshop on modeling user behavior for information retrieval evaluation MUBE and the SIGIR 2010 workshop on the simulation of interaction. Mark's recent work has focused on making information retrieval evaluation more predictive of actual human search performance. Author expertise and venue impact are the distinguishing factors for the consideration of bibliography  , among which  , Author Rank  , Maximum Past Influence of Authors make paper influential . Discovering the hidden knowledge within EHR data for improving patient care offers an important approach to reduce these costs by recognizing at-risk patients who may be aided from targeted interventions and disease prevention treatments 5. In this paper  , predictive modeling and analyses have been conducted at two different levels of granularity. For nurse experience  , a nurse with at least two years of experience in her current position was considered to be an experienced nurse  , and the nurses with less than two years' experience to be inexperienced. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from the transactional data TransC i  for the segmentation level models  , and compare its performance with the performance results obtained in Section 4. In this section  , we compare individual vs. segmentation and aggregate vs. segmentation levels of customer modeling. It is therefore clearly misleading to cite performance on " easy " cases as evidence that more challenging outcomes are equally predictable; yet precisely such conflation is prac- 1 ticed routinely by advocates of various methods  , albeit often implicitly through the use of rhetorical flourishes and other imprecise language. A statistical approach is proposed to infer the distribution of a word's likely acquisition age automatically from authentic texts collected from the Web  , and then an effective semantic component for predicting reading difficulty of news texts is provided by combining the acquisition age distributions for all words in a document 14. Pain is a very common problem experienced by patients  , especially at the end of life EOL when comfort is paramount to high quality healthcare. Moreover  , these bounds on predictive performance are also extremely sensitive to the deviations from perfect knowledge we are likely to encounter when modeling real-world systems: even a relatively small amount of error in estimating a product's quality leads to a rapid decrease in one's ability to predict its success. This bound is relatively generous for worlds in which all products are the same  , but it becomes increasingly restrictive as we consider more diverse worlds with products of varying quality. Such normalization does not always make sense for binary and integer features  , and it also removes the nonnegativity of our feature representation that offers intuitive interpretation of them. Item seed sets were constructed according to various criteria such as popularity items should be known to the users  , contention items should be indicative of users' tendencies  , and coverage items should possess predictive power on other items. Modeling the preferences of new users can be done most effectively by asking them to rate several carefully selected items of a seed set during a short interview 13  , 21  , 22  , 8 . However  , our goal here is different as we do not just want to make our predictions based on some large number of features but are instead interested in modeling how the temporal dynamics of bidding behavior predicts the loan outcome funded vs. not funded and paid vs. not paid. Their goal is to provide a ranking of the relative importance of various fundability determinants  , rather than providing a predictive model. The most relevant related work is on modeling predictive factors on social media for various other issues such as tie formation Golder and Yardi 2010   , tie break-up Kivran- Swaine  , Govindan  , and Naaman 2011  , tie strength Gilbert and Karahalios 2009 and retweeting Suh et al. Despite the rich literature on Twitter and its role in covering real-world events  , to date  , we are aware of little research that directly addresses the issue studied in this paper. In other words  , we aggregate the past behavior in the two modalities considered search queries and browsing behavior over a given time period  , and evaluate the predictiveness of the resulting aggregated user profile with respect to behavior occurring in a  sequent period. Forward moves in the opposite direction through the results stack. The search is terminated when the stack is empty. If a leaf node is popped off the stack  , we can return the qualifying entries that we find on it. The choice of a stack indicates our preference for a 'depth-first-search' exploration from the starting assembled configuration. S is a stack of configurations  , initially containing only the assembled configuration  , that are recursively 'expanded' until a disassembly is obtained. The search follows scoping rules. Binding a name n is performed by a search in the environment stack for one or more binders n29. Applying an exponential utility function u ′ > 0 and u ′′ < 0 2 gives the mapping function as: In order to remember a yet-to-be visited node on the stack  , we push the pointer and the LSN we found in the corresponding entry. Stack Skyline points SL Finally  , p8  , p9 dominated by {p1} in SL is skipped and the search completes. Such a search engine might retrieve a number of components that contain the word Stack somewhere maybe they use a Stack  , but only very few of them implement the appropriate data structure. Consider the above mentioned keyword-based search technique  , for instance. This is implemented by the following pseudo code: new command name: ALL OPERATION; move the cursor to the form with heading DATA ABSTRACTION: stack; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; loop: while there is child form with heading OPERATION ; display the operation name and its I/0 entry; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; end loop ; The extended command ALL__OPERATION stack displays useful methodology oriented information and greatly reduces the number of key strokes n ec essary. For example  , consider the command ALL OPERATIONstack which displays the entries of the--I/0 headings in the forms for a data abstraction named stack. The simplest rule is to follow strictly the structure of the stack  , from the top down towards the bottom. Web pages on stackoverflow .com are optimized towards search engines and performance . Stack Overflow was designed to be used such that Google is UI. See 21 for discussion on the impact of search order on distance computation. For example  , a LIFO ordering policy is equivalent to a stack. This is effectively done in the same cycle that the search is conducted. The contents of the bit-stack can be manipulated as optional operations of search or pointer transfer instructions. By using a single runtime stack  , the subsequence matching phase is optimized by avoiding redundant accesses to the hash index. By complementing part of the search result before OR'ing  , and complementing the result that is entered in the stack  , and AND'ing operation is possible. The results of searching for words in qualified records or of pointer transfer are normally OR'ed together into one bit that is "entered" into the bit stack. The Limpid Desk system meets our requirement of giving simple access to physical documents. The Limpid Desk supports physical search interaction techniques  , such as 'stack browsing' in which the upper layer documents are transparentized one by one through to the bottom of the stack. When the user touches a document on the desk the system detects the touch via the thermo-camera and then the upper layer document is virtually transparentized by projection. Find takes the following arguments: stack  , which contains the nodes on the path from the root to the current node of Find Find starts tree traversal from the top node of the stack; if the stack is empty  , the root of the tree is assumed; search-key  , the key value being sought; lock-mode  , a flag which indicates whether an exclusive lock  , shared lock  , or neither should be obtained on the key returned by Find; and latch-mode  , a flag which if True indicates that the node at which Find terminates should be latched exclusively. Other search modes such as > or = can be supported via straightforward extensions. In particular  , suppose that peek and search are the features or operations to be added and that PeekCapability and SearchCapability are the interfaces that define these two features  , respectively. For a concrete example  , suppose that a client needs to extend a Stack component interface that provides basic stack operations  , such as  , push  , pop  , and empty. Shown below is an interface to add the peek operation: public interface PeekCapability extends Stack { Object peek; } The first difference in implementation with enhancements arises in implementing a feature  , such as peek. The library will contain several features to extend the Stack interface  , such as peek and search among others. The search terminates when it finds a section that contains one or more such binders. Note that this is not the standard representation of discrete domains in CP. The trail  , i.e. , the data structure needed to restore the domain to any ancestor node of the search tree  , is thus a stack of the sizes. These candidates are incomplete solutions till rank i. We use stack search similar to 30  , which keeps a list of the best n ranking combinations as candidates seen so far. The Q qualification bit in delimiter words is used to mark qualified nodes that will be searched. The results of the search in the subtree are stored in the bit stack in the delimiter with S=l. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. The common approach which we follow here is that the scopes are organized in an environment stack with the " search from the top " rule. according to the actual scope for the name. Plurality is implemented using Apache's Solr – a web services stack built over the Lucene search engine – to provide real-time tag suggestions. With these challenges in mind  , we introduce Plurality – an interactive tagging recommendation system see Figure 1. In the past  , randomized techniques have been combined with more deliberate methods to great success . They developed an improved search engine for content on Stack Overflow which recommends question-and-answer pairs as opposed to entire Q&A threads based on a query. The swap operation on two top bits allows us to preserve the search result of two separate traces. However  , what we have is a stack associated with the delimiter of each record and only the top bit is accessible. many cases  , the children depended on their parent's guidance through joint search in the stack or library  , but we observed that in 34 groups the children chose their own books. The visits observed appeared very social or recreational in nature. Rather  , the back-trail is kept by temporarily reversing pointers during the initial search. This routine  , called ~elete  , takes the same arguments as basic-delete ,but no local stack  , S  , is needed. In the second version a compactification of code is achieved by a suitable "renaming" imposed on D. In the third version  , the search trail is kept in D itself and the appropriate pointers are restored as the backscan occurs. In the first program a local stack  , S  , is used to save the search trail. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l The main difference is that the candidates for further expansion are managed in a queue instead of a stack. Duplication is useful in the case when the record is to be used as context for another operation which consumes the top bit. ,Dm ORB JNB  ,om I ANB SWB  , I I ORB First  , the one-bit search result can be pushed PUB onto the stack and optionally duplicated DUB so that the top two bits represent two copies of the search result. This simple but extremely flexible prioritization scheme includes as a special case the simpler strategies of breadth-first search i.e. , a queue and depth-first search i.e. , a stack. Simply by assigning a priority to each alternative   , the DBC can determine the order of evaluation of invocations  , achieving flexible evaluation order  , one of our major objectives. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? The forward and back buttons work like the buttons in a web browser: back displays the previously displayed search results  , changing the tabs and search criteria at the top of the window as appropriate. For a given set of forms  , the expert programmer can implement extended commands which are more friendly and optimal in terms of key strokes. The results obtained from a search driven by the above test for a stack are summarized in the first row of The second row of the table shows how many functionally equivalent components are returned when a more elaborate test is used to drive the search. Merobase is also accompanied by an Eclipse plug-in called CodeConjurer  that makes the search functionality available within the widely used Eclipse development environment 4. As expected  , the number of results is lower because fewer components were able to pass the more stringent tests. In an evaluation  , the authors found that the inclusion of different types of contextual information associated with an exception can enhance the accuracy of recommendations. The Stack Overflow API is one of the search APIs used in their work  , and their approach captures the context in a similar fashion to the work by Cordeiro et al. Some extensions to the structure of stacks used in PLs are necessary to accommodate in particular the fact that in a database we have persistent and bulk data structures. A bit can also be popped from this bit stack to enable rewriting words in the qualified records in the subtree. The transmission of the result of a search back to the delimiter word is a special problem called backward marking. This is useful in the situation where we want to trace two link lists to find their intersections. The third alternative is to first swap SWB the top two bits on the stack before ANDing or ORing the new search result with the top bit. The operands for long instructions can be immediate operands i.e. , the second word of a double length instruction or other sources including words popped from a word stack  , located within the segment memories  , as we now show. Some instructions require a full word search or rewrite operand long instructions but others do not short instructions. A local push-down stack is a suitable device to save the successive nodes of such a path together with an indication of the direction from which they were exited. Unlike the simple search given above  , the path so defined must be remembered. Required hardware can be emulated in software on current more powerful computers   , and therefore emulators can reproduce a document's exact appearance and behavior. We would like to add the document content to a search engine or send the document to others to read without the overhead of the emulation stack  , but cannot. However  , s contains concrete memory addresses in order to identify events accessing shared memory locations. During systematic concurrency testing  , ρ is stored in a search stack S. We call s ∈ S an abstract state  , because unlike a concrete program state  , s does not store the actual valuation of all program variables. Two additional Javascript libraries provided the time-line 2 and rectangular area select for copy/paste 3 capabilities. The search capability to the interface was built using AJAX calls to the Solr server  , with a jQuery " stack " to provide the bulk of the interactive features: jQuery-UI and the pan-andzoom jQuery plugin 1 in particular. When using enhancements  , the interfaces of components should provide only a minimal set of operations  , because it is easy to add additional operations. For example  , to switch the implementations in myStack declaration  , only a local modification is necessary as shown below: Once a Stack with appropriate features is created  , the operations of the base type stack push  , pop  , empty can be called directly as in the call below: myStack.push"abc"; In general  , a cast is needed to call an enhanced operation  , though it can be avoided if only one enhancement is added: SearchCapabilitymyStack.search; This flexibility allows implementations to be changed  , at a single location in the code. The ranking criteria used by their approach consists of the textual similarity of the question-and-answer pairs to the query and the quality of these pairs. This helps in alleviating an inherent limitation of symbolic execution by building on results from tools that do not suffer from the same limitation. Nevertheless  , configurations MAY and MAY × MUST overall reach significantly fewer bounds than PV for instance  , the max-stack bound is never reached by pruning verified parts of the search space. But finding the document and extracting it remains at least as difficult as interpreting the document file's original bitstream. To show that these results also hold for code programmers struggle to write  , we repeated the same experiment on code snippets gathered from questions asked on the popular Stack Overflow website. This shows that the vast majority 99% in our study of statements in real Java code have depth at most 4  , which our results above show that CodeHint can easily search. This is because our instrumentation introduces additional conjuncts in the path conditions  , occasionally making constraint solving harder. We could use a tool such as grep to search for this.idIndex  , but such an approach is very crude and may match statements unrelated to the crash. We cannot answer these questions easily by inspecting the stack trace and source code. , sn of states such that for all 1 ≤ i ≤ n  , there exists a transition si−1 e i → si. 34 of the 51 interviewed participants had searched the catalogue before entering the stack; 16 had searched the online catalogue using a library computer see Fig. Nine participants did not search the catalogue  , saying they were familiar enough with the layout of the library that they could go straight to the shelves or sections where books they wished to use were found. The query descriptor is assembled by the parser and passed as a parameter into the search function  , which then uses SAPI functions to extract the operator and the qualification constants. For internal pages  , the child pointers are extracted from the matching items and stored on a stack for future traversal. When Find is called on behalf of a read-only transaction lock-mode is None indicating no lock  , and latch-mode is False. The following nine subjects are simple data structures: binheap implements priority queues with binomial heaps 48; bst implements a set using binary search trees 49 ; deque implements a double-ended queue using doubly-linked lists 8; fibheap is an implementation of priority queues using Fibonacci heaps 48 ; heaparray is an array-based implementation of priority queues 3 ,49 ; queue is an object queue implemented using two stacks 10; stack is an object stack 10; treemap implements maps using red-black trees based on Java collection 1.4 3 ,48 ,49 ; ubstack is an array-based implementation of a stack bounded in size  , storing integers without repetition 7  , 30  , 42. For most subject  , we had several undergraduate and graduate students implement more versions  , and for some subjects  , we created versions by seeding errors. If the client wants to choose the implementations ArrayImpl for Stack interface  , PeekImpl1 for PeekCapability  , and SearchImpl for SearchCapability  , then using the code pattern proposed in Section 4 of this paper  , the following declaration can be used: In particular  , suppose that peek and search are the features or operations to be added and that PeekCapability and SearchCapability are the interfaces that define these two features  , respectively. RDF is the core part of the Semantic Web stack and defines the abstract data model for the Semantic Web in the form of triples that express the connection between web resources and provide property values describing resources. To arrive at a comparable subset of search systems we will have to restrict the above definition to systems that retrieve data from a knowledge base containing RDF data 17. Later  , when the designer needs to model the transport system between production cells of the flexible manufacturing system  , he can search in the repository and recover candidates models for reuse. Returning to the scenario described in Section 5  , the designer of the railroad system identified the stack and the queue models as potentially reusable and stored them in the repository as described in the Section 5.1. Figure 7shows classification data for all VCs generated from a sample catalog of RESOLVE component client code that relies on existing  , formally-specified components to implement extensions  , which add additional functionality e.g. , the aforementioned Stack Reverse. The code ranges from simple implementations of arithmetic using unbounded integers  , to sorting arbitrary items with arbitrary orderings  , and includes classical code such as binary search using bounded integers. This confirms that the search of CnC is much more directed and deeper  , yet does not miss any errors uncovered by random testing. As can be seen in the table  , CnC detects all the errors found by JCrasher with only a fraction of the test cases except for UB-Stack  , where JCrasher found few opportunities to create random data conforming to the class's interface and slightly fewer reports. This approach is a core of the definiton of query operators  , including selection  , projection/navigation  , join  , and quantifiers. If the binding of the name EMP returns among others an identifier ii  , then the scope in which it makes sense to bind the name SAL is nested If this set is pushed as a new scope onto the stack then the search for bindings for SAL will find the object representing the salary of the given employee  , as required. To maximize the CPU utilization efficiency  , the data manipulation is structured as non-blocking with respect to the following I/O operations: transfer of input data for procedures among cluster nodes  , other request/reply communication between search engine components on different cluster nodes  , HTTP communication with web servers  , and local disk reads and writes. This approach avoids the performance overheads associated with threads: kernel scheduling  , context switching  , stack and task data structures allocation  , synchronization   , inter-thread communication  , and thread safety issues. Then  , with the window with the code in it displayed  , we would observe the user dragging out a rectangular region to capture the lines of code in this older version of the function that are of interested to them  , so they can bring it forward in time to be pasted into the current version of the code. BSBM supposes a realistic web application where the users can browse products and reviews. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM is built like that 5. BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates. We randomly generated 100 different query mix of the " explore " use-case of BSBM. We used Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 5 as in 16 with two datasets: 1M and 10M. Each dataset has its own community of 50 clients running BSBM queries. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. On the BSBM dataset  , the performance of all systems is comparable for small dataset sizes  , but RW-TR scales better to large dataset sizes  , for the largest BSBM dataset it is on average up to 10 times faster than Sesame and up to 25 times faster than Virtuoso. The two diagrams in Figure 5show how the performance changes  , when the LUBM and BSBM queries are executed on increasingly large datasets. This behavior promotes the local cache. The flow of BSBM queries simulates a real user interacting with a web application. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. Datasets. We extend the BSBM by trust assessments. The generated data is created as a set of named graphs 11. The BSBM executes a mix of 12 SPARQL queries over generated sets of RDF data; the datasets are scalable to different sizes based on a scaling factor. For our tests we use an extended version of the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 10. The queries are in line with the BSBM mix of SPARQL queries and with the BSBM e-commerce use case that considers products as well as offers and reviews for these products. Furthermore   , we developed a mix of six tSPARQL queries. Due to space limitations   , we do not present our queries in detail; we refer the reader to the tSPARQL specification instead. The sp2b uses bibliographic data from dblp 12 as its test data set  , while the bsbm benchmark considers eCommerce as its subject area. The sp2b sparql performance benchmark 17  and the Berlin sparql Benchmark bsbm 3 both aim to test the sparql query engines of rdf triple stores. This is normal because the cache has a limited size and the temporal locality of the cache reduce its utility. As we can see  , the calls to the local cache depends considerably on the size of the data  , the percentage of hit-rate is 47 % in the case of BSBM with 1M  , and it decreased to 11 % for BSBM with 10M. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. However  , for BSBM dataset  , DFSS outperforms ITRMS for both scalability experiments see Figure 4c and Figure 5a. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. Out of the 12 BSBM queries  , we focus on all of the 10 SELECT queries that is  , we leave out DESCRIBE query Q09 and CONSTRUCT query Q12. 5 BSBM is currently focused on SPARQL queries  , therefore we plan to develop a set of representative SPARQL/Update operations to cover all features of our approach. Furthermore  , we will evaluate the performance and expressiveness of our approach with the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM. We found that for the BSBM dataset/queries the average execution time stays approximately the same  , while the geometric mean slightly increases. garbage collections. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark 17 BSBM also generates fulltext content and person names. In the area of RDF stores  , a number of benchmarks are available. Figure 6 shows the results of these evaluations. For this  , we measured the performance on large BSBM and LUBM data sets while varying the number of nodes used. For more details of the evaluation framework please refer to 15 ,16. We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 2 to set up the experiment environment. Therefore  , 5 entries in the profile is sometimes not enough to compute a good similarity. The query mix of BSBM use often 16 predicates. The experimental results in Table 5show that exploiting the emergent relational schema even in this very preliminary implementation already improves the performance of Virtuoso on a number of BSBM Explore queries by up to a factor of 5.8 Q3  , Hot run. We compare a classic Virtuoso RDF quad table Virt-Quad and this CS-based implementation Virt-CS on the BSBM benchmark at 10 billion triples scale. The geometric mean does not change dramatically  , because most queries do not touch more data on a larger dataset. Finally  , we present our conclusions and future work in Section 5. In Section 4 we describe our evaluation using the BSBM synthetic benchmark  , and three positive experiences of applying our approach in real case projects. We also take into account that resources of BSBM data fall into different classes. For a given resource  , we use this generator to decide the number of owl:sameAs statements that link this resource with other randomly chosen resources. We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator  , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. In the following sections we will provide details of LHD-d  , and evaluate it afterwards in the above environment. Our extension  , available from the project website  , reads the named graphs-based datasets  , generates a consumer-specific trust value for each named graph  , and creates an assessments graph. Figure 6shows the distribution of queries over clients. As in the previous experimentation  , we run a new experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M hosted on the same LDF server with 2 different URLs. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. BSBM SQL 5 is a join of four tables product  , product   , productfeatureproduct  , and productfeatureproduct . For the LUBM dataset/queries the geometric mean stays approximately the same  , whilst the average execution time decreases. In this section we further study the distribution of co-reference in Linked Data to set up an environment in which LHD-d is evaluated. We generate co-reference for each class separately to make sure that resources are only equivalent to those of the same class. In Section 3 we formalise our extension to consider R2RML mappings. Figure 4bshows that the number of calls answered by caches are proportional with the size of the cache. We used the following parameters: BSBM 10M  , 10 LDF clients  , and RP S view = 4 and CON view = 9. Query Load. Two set of queries are used to perform two tasks: building a type summary and calculating some bibliometrics-based summary. We experimented with BSBM 4 and SP2B 29 datasets  , varying the sizes of data.  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. However  , in some queries the translation results show significant differences  , such as in Q04 and Q05. As we can see  , ≈40 % of calls are handled by the local cache  , regardless the number of clients. The SP 2 Bench and BSBM were not considered for our RDF fulltext benchmark simply due to the fact of their very recent publication. Both benchmarks pick terms from dictionaries with uniform distribution. The BSBM benchmark 1 is built around an e-commerce use case  , and its data generator supports the creation of arbitrarily large datasets using the number of products as scale factor. courses  , students  , professors are generated. Although not included here  , we also evaluated those queries using D2R 0.8.1 with the –fast option enabled. The measured total time for a run includes everything from query optimization until the result set is fully traversed  , but the decoding of the results is not forced. For BSBM we executed the same ten generated queries from each category  , computed the category average and reported the average and geometric mean over all categories. During query execution the engine determines trust values with the simple  , provenance-based trust function introduced before. To measure how determining trust values may impact query execution times we use our tSPARQL query engine with a disabled trust value cache to execute the extended BSBM. Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. Additionally  , a subset of the realworld data collection Biocyc 1 that consists of 1763 databases describing the genome and metabolic pathways of a single organism was used. Most surprisingly  , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90% regular. We see that synthetic RDF benchmark data BSBM  , SP2B  , LUBM is fully relational  , and also all dataset with non- RDF roots PubMed  , MusicBrainz  , EuroStat get > 99% coverage. For this setting  , the chart in Figure 9b depicts the average times to execute the BSBM query mix; furthermore  , the chart puts the measures in relation to the times obtained for our engine with a trust value cache in the previous experiment. The situation changes for a local cache with 10 ,000 entries  , in this case  , the hit-rate of local cache is 59 % and 28 % for behavioral cache  , only 13 % of calls are forwarded to the server. The BSBM SPARQL queries are designed in such a way that they contain different types of queries and operators  , including SELECT/CONTRUCT/DESCRIBE  , OPTIONAL  , UNION. We have run all queries with 20 times with different parameters  , in warm mode run. The resulting sets of queries together with query plans generated by PostgreSQL9.1.9  , and the resulting query evaluation time are available at http://bit.ly/15XSdDM. To understand this behaviour better  , we analyzed the query plans generated by the RDBMS. We can observe that all translation types native  , C  , SQE  , SJE  , SQE+SJE have similar performance in most of BSBM queries  , ranging from 0.67 to 2.60 when normalized  ing to the native SQL queries. We executed ten runs of each LUBM query and in the diagrams report both the average and geometric mean over the fastest runs. The Social Intelligence BenchMark SIB 11  is an RDF benchmark that introduces the S3G2 Scalable Structure-correlated Social Graph Generator for generating social graphs that contain certain structural correlations. In the same spirit  , the corresponding SQL queries also consider various properties such as low selectivity  , high selectivity  , inner join  , left outer join  , and union among many others. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. To measure the impact of this extension on query execution times we compare the results of executing our extended version of the BSBM with ARQ and with our tSPARQL query engine. As presented in Section 4.2 tSPARQL redefines the algebra of SPARQL in order to consider trust values during query execution. As the chart illustrates  , determing trust values during query execution dominates the query execution time. The data generator is able to generate datasets with different sizes containing entities normally involved in the domain e.g. , products  , vendors  , offers  , reviews  , etc. The BSBM benchmark 5  focuses on the e-commerce domain and provides a data generation tool and a set of twelve SPARQL queries together with their corresponding SQL queries generated by hand. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. Both benchmarks allow for the creation of arbitrary sized data sets  , although the number of attributes for any given class is lower than the numbers found in the ssa. While the BSBM benchmark is considered as a standard way of evaluating RDB2RDF approaches  , given the fact that it is very comprehensive  , we were also interested in analysing real-world queries from projects that we had access to  , and where there were issues with respect to the performance of the SPARQL to SQL query rewriting approach. All the resulting queries together with their query plans are also available at http://bit.ly/15XSdDM. Nevertheless  , this approach is clearly not scalable e.g. , in Q07 and Q08 the system returned an error while performing the operations  , while the native and the translation queries could be evaluated over the database system. In all the cases  , we compare the queries generated by D2R Server with –fast enabled with the queries generated by Morph with subquery and self-join elimination enabled. There are two possibilities to model them in BMEcat  , though. , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. The current release is BMEcat 2005 12  , a largely downwards-compatible update of BMEcat 1.2. BMEcat is a powerful XML standard for the exchange of electronic product catalogs between suppliers and purchasing companies in B2B settings. In the following  , we outline correspondences between elements of BMEcat and GoodRelations and propose a mapping between the BMEcat XML format and the GoodRelations vocabulary. eClassOWL 6. BMEcat. This is attractive  , because most PIM software applications can export content to BMEcat. We describe a conceptual mapping and the implementation of a respective software tool for automatically converting BMEcat documents into RDF data based on the GoodRelations vocabulary 9. Either the BMEcat supplier defines two separate features  , or the range values are encoded in the FVALUE element of the feature. Table 4outlines the mapping of catalog groups in BMEcat to RDF. the catalog group taxonomy. For example most of the mentioned factors are implemented in the BMEcat standard 10. The currency results from Geographical Pricing. Given their inherent overlap  , a mapping between the models is reasonable with some exceptions that require special attention. Speaking of the allow-or-charge area  , the quantity scale defined in BMEcat is divided into the actual quantity scale and the functional discount that has to be applied  , too. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. Then we compare the product models obtained from one of the BMEcat catalogs with products collected from Web shops through a focused Web crawl. We tested the two BMEcat conversions using standard validators for the Semantic Web  , presented in Section 3.1. We chose to check for the number of shops offering products using a sample size of 90 random product EANs from BSH BMEcat. To remain in the scope of the use cases discussed  , the examples are chosen from the BSH BMEcat products catalog  , within the German e-commerce marketplace. The most notable improvements over previous versions are the support of external catalogs and multiple languages  , and the consistent renaming of the ambiguous term ARTICLE to PRODUCT. In this paper  , we propose to use the BMEcat XML standard as the starting point to make highly structured product feature data available on the Web of Data. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. The task consists of transforming the price-relevant information of a BMEcat catalog to xCBL. We will now introduce an example and concretize the mapping strategy. Table 2shows the BMEcat-2005-compliant mapping for product-specific details. the center of the proposed alignments are product details and product-related business details. Table 2adds an additional level of detail to the PRODUCT → PRODUCT DETAILS structure introduced in Fig. Furthermore  , multilanguage descriptions in BMEcat are handled properly  , namely by assigning corresponding language tags to RDF literals. gr:condition and references to external product classification standards.   , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. This approach  , however  , works only for common encoding patterns for range values in text. The data element ARTICLE_PRICE_DETAILS can be used multiple with disjunctive intervals. BMEcat and OAGIS to the minimum models of cXML and RosettaNet is not possible. For example  , a loss-free mapping of extensive price models e.g. A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. The price factor of 0.95 of BMEcat is transferred to a discount by the formula PercentageFactor=PRICE_FACTOR -1. With our approach  , a single tool can nicely bring the wealth of data from established B2B environments to the Web of Data. BMEcat allows to specify products using vendor-specific catalog groups and features  , or to refer to classification systems with externally defined categories and features. The distinction will be addressed in more detail in Section 2.3. The mapping of product classes and features is shown in Table 3. The hierarchy is determined by the group identifier of the catalog structure that refers to the identifier of its parent group. In order to link catalog groups and products  , BMEcat maps group identifiers with product identifiers using PROD- UCT TO CATALOGGROUP MAP. they are defined as instances rdf:type of classes derived from the catalog group hierarchy. In reality  , though  , it is common that suppliers of BMEcat catalogs export the unit of measurement codes as they are found in their PIM systems. recommend to use UN/ CEFACT 14 common codes to describe units of measurement. This allowed us to validate the BMEcat converter comprehensively. The products in the BSH catalog were classified according to eCl@ss 6.1  , whereas Weidmüller provide their own proprietary catalog group system. Making more difficult is that today mainly low-level languages like XSLT and interactive tools e.g. An illustrative example of a catalog and its respective conversion is available online 7 . Accordingly  , products in GoodRelations are assigned corresponding classes from the catalog group system  , i.e. The dataset has a slight bias towards long-tail shops. In addition to the manufacturer BMEcat files  , we took a real dataset obtained from a focused crawl whereby we collected product data from 2629 shops. Although the conversions completed without errors  , still a few issues could be detected in each dataset that we will cover subsequently. The converter has built-in check steps that detect common irregularities in the BMEcat data  , such as wrong unit codes or invalid feature values. 4 GoodRelations-specific compliance tests 14 to spot data model inconsistencies. requiring a minimum of 90 samples given the population of 1376 products in the BMEcat. The sample size was selected based on a 95% confidence level and 10% confidence interval margin of error  , i.e. First it is to be stated that from the view of price modeling BMEcat catalogs have a three-stage document structure: 1 The document header HEADER can be used for setting defaults for currency and territory  , naming the buyer and giving references to relevant In the example header we set the default currency  , name the buyer and refer to an underlying agreement with a temporal validity: If we look at the transformations  , we see different transformation types. Additionally   , we identified examples that illustrate the problem scenario described relying on structured data collected from 2500+ online shops together with their product offerings. To test our proposal  , we converted a representative real-world BMEcat catalog of two well-known manufacturers and analyzed whether the results validate as correct RDF/XML datasets grounded in the GoodRelations ontology. On the other side  , BMEcat does not explicitly discriminate types of features  , so features FEA- TURE  typically consist of FNAME  , FVALUE and  , optionally  , an FUNIT element. The GoodRelations vocabulary further refines the categorization made by OWL by discerning qualitative and quantitative object properties. In this section  , we elaborate on a complementary example that uses structured data on the Web of Data. For example  , in BMEcat the prices of a product are valid for different territories and intervals  , in different types and currencies  , but all prices relate to the same customer no multi-buyer catalogs. A plus  " + "  indicates that the corresponding factor can be set multiple for each product. target formats can be executed loss-free; however  , this cannot be said in general for the transformation of a source to a target format. The first option defines a feature for the lower range value and a feature for the upper range value  , respectively. BMEcat2GoodRelations is a portable command line Python application to facilitate the conversion of BMEcat XML files into their corresponding RDF representation anchored in the GoodRelations ontology for e-commerce. The implementation of the logic behind the alignments to be presented herein resulted into the BMEcat2GoodRelations tool. Finally  , we show the potential leverage of product master data from manufacturers with regard to products offered on the Web. This ready-to-use solution comes as a portable command line tool that converts product master data from BMEcat XML files into their corresponding OWL representation using GoodRelations. As a partial solution to mitigate the shortage of missing product master data in the context of e-commerce on the Web of Data  , we propose the BME- cat2GoodRelations converter. To date  , product master data is typically passed along the value chain using Business to Business B2B channels based on Electronic Data Interchange EDI standards such as BMEcat catalog from the German Federal Association for Materials Management  , Purchasing and Logistics 3  12. It can be seen that the product data provided across the different sources vary significantly. In the case of Weidmüller  , the conversion result is available online 11 . We tested our conversion using BMEcat files from two manufacturers  , one in the domain of high-tech electronic components Weidmüller Interface GmbH und Co. KG 9   , the other one a supplier of white goods BSH Bosch und Siemens Hausgeräte GmbH 10 . The number of product models in the BSH was 1376 with an average count of 29 properties  ,  while the Weidmüller BMEcat consisted of 32585 product models with 47 properties on average created by our converter. We collected all the data in an SPARQL-capable RDF store and extrapolated some statistics to substantiate the potential of our approach. By contrast  , the nearly 2.7 million product instances from the crawl only contain eleven properties on average. To compare the price models of the selected standard  , we show the six determining factors in table 3. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. to represent a navigation structure in a Web shop. Each online merchant can then use this rich manufacturer information to augment and personalize their own offering of the product in question. Furthermore  , the mapping at product level allows to specify the manufacturer part number  , product name and description  , and condition of the product. Whether the European Article Number EAN or the Global Trade Item Number GTIN is mapped depends on the type-attribute supplied with the BMEcat element. Depending on the language attribute supplied along with the DESCRIPTION SHORT and DESCRIPTION LONG elements in BMEcat 2005  , multiple translations of product name and description can be lang={en  , de  , . Instead of adhering to the standard 3-letter code  , they often provide different representations of unit symbols  , e.g. In this section  , we present some specific examples of the number of online retailers that could readily benefit from leveraging our approach. Using the sample of EANs  , we then looked up the number of vendors that offer the products by entering the EAN in the search boxes on Amazon.de  , Google Shopping Germany  , and the German comparison shopping site preissuchmaschine.de 16 . For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers  , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. The upper part lists the numbers for the product categorization standards  , whereas the lower three rows of the table represent the proprietary category systems . Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels  , product classes  , properties  , value instances  , and top-level classes for each product ontology. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. The product identifier can be mapped in two different ways  , at product level or at product details level  , whereby the second takes precedence over the other. The presence of the FUNIT element helps to distinguish quantitative properties from datatype and qualitative properties  , because quantitative values are determined by numeric values and units of measurements  , e.g. All interested merchants have then the possibility of electronically publishing and consuming this authoritative manufacturer data to enhance their product offerings relying on widely adopted product strong identifiers such as EAN  , GTIN  , or MPN. Due to the limited length of this paper   , we refer readers to the project landing page hosting the open source code repository 8   , where they can find a detailed overview of all the features of the converter  , including a comprehensive user's guide. Our proposal can manifest at Web scale and is suitable for every PIM system or catalog management software that can create BMEcat XML product data  , which holds for about 82% of all of such software systems that we are aware of  , as surveyed in 17. The rise of B2B e-commerce revealed a series of new information management challenges in the area of product data integration 5 ,13. In that sense  , BMEcat2GoodRelations is to the best of our knowledge the only solution developed with open standards  , readily available to both manufacturers and retailers to convert product master data from BMEcat into structured RDF data suitable for publication and consumption on the Web of Data. Another data quality problem reported is the usage of non-uniform codes for units of measurement  , instead of adhering to the recommended 3-letter UN/CEFACT common codes e.g. " In the BSH catalog for example  , some fields that require floating point values contain non-numeric values like " / "   , " 0.75/2.2 "   , " 3*16 "   , or " 34 x 28 x 33.5 "   , which originates from improper values in the BMEcat. Furthermore  , it can minimize the proliferation of repeated  , incomplete  , or outdated definitions of the same product master data across various online retailers; by means of simplifying the consumption of authoritative product master data from manufacturers by any size of online retailer. It is also expected as a result that the use of structured data in terms of the GoodRelations vocabulary by manufacturers and online retailers will bring additional benefits derived from being part of the Web of Data  , such as Search Engine Optimization SEO in the form of rich snippets 4   , or the possibility of better articulating the value proposition of products on the Web. The latter can take advantage of both product categorization standards and catalog group structures in order to organize types of products and services and to contribute additional granularity in terms of semantic de- scriptions 19. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. However  , there are several aspects where they deviate from our proposal as presented in the sections above  , most notably: a their scope focuses on closed corporate environments which may involve proprietary applications or standards rather than open technologies at the scale of an open Web of Data; and b being aimed at generic PIM and MDM systems  , their level of abstraction is very broad  , introducing additional degrees of separation with respect to the applicability to the problem scenario targeted by the BMEcat2GoodRelations converter tool. This hierarchical agglomerative step begins with leaf clusters  , and has complexity quadratic in . Thus the extra space required for the agglomerative step is Og # r . Locality-based methods group objects based on local relationships. Hierarchical procedures can be either agglomerative or divisive . These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. The resulting groups are then used to define the memberships of modules. They can be run in batch or interactively  , and can use a pre-existing modularization to reduce the amount of human interaction needed. To test this hypothesis  , we decided to use agglomerative cluster- ing 5 to construct a hierarchy of tags. We wanted to determine whether it was possible to automatically induce a hierarchical tag structure that corresponded to the way in which a human would perform this task. Often  , the structure of the game is preprogrammed and a game theory based controller is used to select the agent's actions. Most robotics related applications of game theory have focused on game theory's traditional strategy specific solution concepts 5. Moreover  , game theory has been described as " a bag of analytical tools " to aid one's understanding of strategic interaction 6. Game theory also explores interaction. Game theory assumes that the players of a game will pursue a rational strategy. Game theory has been the dominant approach for formally representing strategic inter‐ action for more than 80 years 3. The game theory based research lays the foundation for online reputation systems research and provides interesting insights into the complex behavioral dynamics. Dellarocas 5 provides a working survey for research in game theory and economics on reputation. The types of games examined as part of game theory  , however  , tend to differ from our common notion of interactive games. Game theory researchers have extensively studied the representations and strategies used in games 3. Game theory based robot control has similarly focused on optimization of strategic behavior by a robot in multi-robot scenarios. Game theory has also been used as a means for controlling a robot 5  , 7. Games such as Snakes and Ladders  , Tic-Tac-Toe  , and versions of Chess have all been explored from a game theory perspective. Game-theory representations have been used to formally represent and reason about a number of interactive games 13. Game theory provides a natural framework for solving problems with uncertainty. ueu 243–318 for an introduction. See e. g. " Game Theory " by Fudenberg and Tirole 4 pp. Most applications of game theory evaluate the system's performance in terms of winning e.g. Interdependence theory  , a type of social exchange theory  , is a psychological theory developed as a means for understanding and analyzing interpersonal situations and interaction 4. Representations for interaction have a long history in social psychology and game theory 4  , 6. There are many different types of solution concepts in game theory  , the Nash Equilibrium being the most famous example of a solution concept. A solution to a game describes classes of strategies for how best to play a game. Tschang also developed a grounded theory of creativity in game development 16 and a theory of innovation 17. One such study is Tschang's qualitative investigation of 65 game development project postmortems  , finding significant differences between game development and other creative industries 15. A stochastic game may last either a finite or infinite number of stages. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios  , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought l  , 9  , lo . Related problems have been considered in dynamic or differential game theory  , graph theory  , and computational geometry. A game is a formal representation of a strategic interaction among a set of players. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios   , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought 5. Related problems have been considered in dynamic game theory  , graph theory  , computational geometry  , and robotics. The use of interdependence theory is a crucial difference between this work and previous investigations by other researchers using game theory to control the social behavior of an agent. We do not know of any that have used interdependence theory. Because it assumes that individuals are outcome maximizing  , game theory can be used to determine which actions are optimal and will result in an equilibrium of outcome. Game theory  , however  , is limited by several assumptions  , namely: both individuals are assumed to be outcome maximizing; to have complete knowledge of the game including the numbers and types of individuals and each individual's payoffs; and each individual's payoffs are assumed to be fixed throughout the game. Then we argue its asynchronous convergence using game theory. Link's price reflects the interference it gets from the price receiver. The notation presented here draws heavily from game theory 6. Doing so allows for powerful and general descriptions of interaction. She enters a query on game theory into the ScholarLynk toolbar. Shaelyn is completing a similar task using Scholarly. This approach assumes a competitive game that ensures safety by computing the worst case strategies for the pursuer and evader. Other related recent works include the use of game theory for conflict resolution in air traffic management 4. Very little work has examined the use of game theory as a means for controlling a robot's interactive behavior with a human. Research related to this game has explored both the physical demands 9 and the strategic demands 10. But theories of evolutionary learning or individual learning do. Although we have framed the issue in terms of a game  , pure game theory makes no predictions about such a case  , in which there are two identical Nash equilibriums. Formally  , a normal-form game is defined as a tuple  Continued growth depends on understanding the creative motivations and challenges inherent in this industry  , but the lack of collections focused on game development documentation is stifling academic progress. While videogames represent an important part of our cultural and economic landscape  , deep theory development in the field of Game Studies  , particularly theory related to creativity  , is lacking. We then consider the noncooperative game theoretic method  , in which each link update its persistent probability using its own local information. The question of interest in cooperative and competitive games is what strategies players should follow to maximize the expected payoff. In game theory  , a strategy is a method for deciding what move to make next  , given the current game state. As a branch of applied mathematics  , game theory thus focuses on the formal consideration of strategic interactions  , such as the existence of equilibriums and economic applications 6. This work attempts to combine these approaches thus exploiting both the strong economical background used by game theory to model the relations that define competitive actions  , as well as sophisticated data mining models to extract knowledge from the data companies accumulate. data mining and game theory have been used to describe similar phenomena  , but with limited interaction between each other. Lee and Hwang attempt to develop a concep‐ tual bridge from game theory to interactive control of a social robot 11. Games in game theory tend to encompass limited interactions over a small range of behaviors and are focused on a small number of well-defined interactions. We will give a brief overview of game theory  , mechanism design  , probability  , and graph theory. The tutorial begins with a basic introduction to the notions and techniques used throughout the theoretical literature . The pursuer could then be envisioned as an electric train that carries an inexpensive detection device. In 24  , a theory of learning interactions is developed using game theory and the principle of maximum entropy; only 2 agent simulations are tested. The method successfully recovers the behavior of the simulator. Similarly  , the work of 25 leverages IRL to learn an interaction model from human trajectory data. Game theory and interdependence theory Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Typically  , HRI research explores the mechanisms for interaction  , such as gaze following  , smooth pursuit  , face detection  , and affect characterization 8. As of today  , these two approaches i.e. Third  , our proposed model leads to very accurate bid prediction . This is a good example of leveraging machine learning in game theory to avoid its unreasonable assumptions . Internet advertising is a complex problem. Researchers in information retrieval  , machine learning  , data mining  , and game theory are developing creative ideas to advance the technologies in this area. As an example  , stochastic uncertainty in sensing and control can be introduced 7  , 111. F'urthermore   , additional structure from modern game theory can be incorporated. The section that follows investigates this challenge. Moreover  , our own results have demonstrated that outcome matrices degrade gracefully with increased error 18. Fortunately  , game theory provides numerous tools for managing outcome uncertainty 6. The concept of trust towards a robot  , however  , even when simplified in an economic game seems to be much more complex. It is suspected that the trust exhibited in this game was partly related on how people perceive the robot from a game theory perspective  , in which the 'smart' thing to do is to send higher amounts of money in order to maximize profit. both use the outcome matrix to represent interaction 4  , 6. Other disciplines that promise to support for a better grounded discipline of CSD for business value include utility theory  , game theory  , financial engineering e.g. , portfolio theory  , Business value is not the only mature concept of value. For example  , recent work has shown that there are deep connections between modularity in design and the value of real options--capital analogs of financial options. Philanthropies  , universities  , militaries and other important institutions do not take market value as a metric. We remind the reader that the generalized upon the strategies chosen by all the other players  , but also each player's strategy set may depend on the rival players' strategies. To capture the behavior of SaaSs and IaaS in this conflicting situation game in which what a SaaS or the IaaS the players of the game does directly affects what others do  , we consider the Generalized Nash game13  , 15  , which is broadly used in Game Theory and other fields. For example  , in Figure 1suppose that another liberal news site enters the fray. On the other hand  , a more standard assumption in economic theory is the ET game; in the ET game  , if there are ties the revenue is shared equally. The imitation game balances the perceived challenges with the perceived skills of the child and proves to be challenging for the children. This ensures that the child keeps being challenged which is an important factor in both intelligent tutoring systems 17 and game theory 6. Our own work has centered on the use of the normal-form game as a representation and means of control for human-robot interaction 12. What are the factors that influence whether --and which term --will emerge as the convention to represent a given topic ? In contrast  , interactive games like Monopoly and poker offer players several different actions as part of a sequential ongoing interaction in which a player's motives may change as the game proceeds or depend on who is playing. Moreover  , game theory focuses on conceptualizations for strategic interaction. This is an interesting result  , because although they perceived it as less safe  , they trusted it more when it comes to an economic game. Each game instruction had a 15 % chance of being incorrect translation error rate. Although  , the challenge of translating from natural language to a game theory format is beyond the scope on this article  , random errors were added to the instructions in an effort to roughly simulate the errors that would occur during translation. The design includes the assignment of an appropriate set of admissible strategies and payoff functions to all players. Mechanism design is a branch of game theory aiming at designing a game so that it can attain the designer's social objective after being played for a certain period or when it reaches an equilibrium state  , assuming all players are rational. A solution is in Nash equilibrium if each player has chosen a strategy that is the best response to the strategies of all other players. In game theory  , Nash equilibrium is a solution concept to characterize a class of equilibrium strategies a game with multiple players will likely reach 23. The motion planning problem can be formulated as a twoperson zero sum game l in which the robot is a player and the obstacles and the other robots are the adversary . Recently this approach has resulted in tremendous advances in the quality of play in information imperfect games such as poker 6. Inoculation has also been studied in the game theory literature. Conversely  , we consider the case where once a node is inoculated  , it can inoculate more people by virally spreading the " good " information . Table 5shows the ten most relevant records in the " game theory " topic. An end-user can also browse a subject area and view all records assigned to a particular topic. The methods used to represent these games are well known. Second  , we model advertiser behaviors using a parametric model  , and apply machine learning techniques to learn the parameters in the model. Bavota and colleagues proposed refactoring detection techniques by using semantic measure- ment 7 and game theory 8. Prete and colleagues proposed REF-FINDER to identify complex refactorings by using template logic rules 30 . BeneFactor 15  and WitchDoc- tor 12 detect ongoing manual refactorings in order to finish them automatically. A similar approach was developed separately in l collision detection between moving obstacles of arbitrary shapes  , based on results from missile guidance. A variety of robot tasks can be expressed in optimization terms  , and the concept of Nash equilibria provide a u s e ful extension of optimality to multiple robots. An important initial step towards creating such a system is to determine how to computationally represent interactive games. Noise in the form of inaccurate perception of the human's outcome values and actions is another potential challenge. This work is structured as follows. This demand is used to empower a market-level model based on game theory that details the situation the companies in the market are in  , delivering an integrated picture of customers and competitors alike. Representing games as graphs of abstract states or positions has been a common practice in combinatorial game theory and computer science for decades 15  , 14 . The description provides enough information to discriminate this starting The minimal quotient strategies are equivalent to the nondominated strategies used in multiobjective optimization and Pareto optimal strategies used in cooperative game theory. See 7 for a more detailed discussion. ScholarLynk searches Bing  , Google Scholar  , DRIVER  , and CiteULike in parallel  , showing the results grouped by the search providers in a browser window. Social interaction often involves stylized patterns of interaction 1. The remainder of the paper begins with a brief background discussion of game theory and interactive games  , followed by experiments and results. Several different categories of games exist 3. Apart from the continuous and discrete paradigms  , some emerging simulation techniques are also observed in SPS studies  , e.g. , Agent-Based Simulation ABS  , Role-Playing Game RPG  , Cognitive Map  , Dynamic System Theory. Their industrial applications were rarely observed in the literature. In this paper  , we used an optimistic fair-exchange protocol proposed by Micali 13 for fair-contract signing.   , Zotero  , Facebook and Twitter for relevant activities. At the same time  , alerts are also sent to anyone following Shaelyn or the topic of game theory about Shaelyn's new reading list. This paper highlights the efforts of the BEAR project in multi-agent research from an implementation perspective. The BErkeley AeRobot BEAR project 3  is a research effort at the University of California  , Berkeley that encompasses the disciplines of control  , hybrid systems theory  , computer vision  , isensor fusion  , communication   , game theory and mult i-agent coordination. An interesting future direction is incorporating more theories of human motivation from psychology and human-computer interaction into formal game theory and mechanism design problems. The high level goal of this paper is to enhance the theory of designing virtual incentive systems by introducing and studying an alternative utility model. Section 4 describes the implementation of the architecture  , Section 5 presents the experimental results and Section 6 concludes the paper. These kinds of materials support in-depth knowledge of the field  , a creator  , or a genre; they also assist in developing theories regarding the relationships between creativity  , authorship and production. This work differs from much of current human-robot interaction research in that our work investigates theoretical aspects of humanrobot interaction. The novel contributions of this work are 5-fold: 1 We describe a game-based approach to collecting document relevance assessments in both theory and design. Taking into account recent behavioural analyses of online communities and games 24   , entertainment seekers can be expected to put considerable dedication into producing high-quality results to earn more points in a game to progress into higher difficulty levels or a rank on the high score leaderboard. In graph theory  , the several interesting results have been obtained for pursuit-evasion in a graph  , in which the pursuers and evader can move from vertex to vertex until eventually a pursuer and evader lie in the same vertex 14  , 15  , 16  , 181. An Agent-Based Simulation model is regarded as a Multi-Agent System MAS  , which is a system composed of multiple interacting intelligent agents. Researchers in fields as diverse as CSCW  , Web technologies  , crowdsourcing   , social structures  , or game theory  , have long studied them from different perspectives  , from the behaviour and level of participation of specific groups and individuals Lampe and Johnston 2005; Arguello et al. Online communities have been a recurrent research topic for many years  , attracting great interest among computing scholars  , social scientists  , and economists. The information space is a standard representational tool for problems that have imperfect state information  , and has been useful in optimal control and dynamic game theory e.g. , l  , and in motion planning 2  , 4  , 111. and S C_ F represent an znformatzon state. Similiar to interface automata 8   , UCML takes an optimistic view on compatibility   , that means  , interfaces do not have to be a perfect match to be compatible  , but in contrast to interface automata this is not achieved by finding an environment which is compatible via the game theory. 3  , we can verify the box headed Compatibility. Future studies will generate promising results in all aspects where both a large number of data and interaction between agents are present. Considering all these elements  , the combination of data mining with game theory provides an interesting research field that has received a lot of attention from the community in recent years  , and from which a great number of new models are expected. A non-malicious node is the commitment type and a long-run player who would consistently behave well  , because cooperation is the action that maximizes the player's lifetime payoffs. We first formally define the behavior of a non-malicious and a malicious node in the system using the game theory approach 5. Regarding Cloud computing  , the use of Game Theory for the resource allocation problem is investigated in 30. Finally  , authors in 7 analyze the impact of non-cooperative users in a system of multiple parallel non-observable queues by studying the Price of Anarchy PoA  , the worst-case performance loss of the selfish equilibrium with respect to its centralized counterpart. We proposed a game theory based approach for the run time management of a IaaS provider capacity among multiple competing SaaSs. Furthermore  , a comparison with the heuristic solutions adopted by SaaS and IaaS providers for the run time cloud management will be also performed. With our game-based HIT  , we aimed to exploit this observation in order to create greater task focus than workers typically achieve on conventional HIT types. Following Csikszentmihalyi's theory of Flow 12  , a state of deep immersion is a good foundation for high performance independent of the concrete task at hand. This result motivates a CS experiment where we check the correlation between TCT and performance  , completing our argument for detecting careless workers by their TCT under competition conditions. We start from a theoretical model based on Game Theory   , which builds on a few assumptions and leads us to our first result  , linking TCT with inclination to risk. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work in Description Logics towards providing a quantitative measure of inconsistencies. The main contribution of this paper is twofold: we combine previously known game theory strategies into ontology reasoning and present a measure to systematically evaluate the inconsistencies in ontologies. As a result of her actions  , an alert is also sent to the owner of the reading list  , informing that Shaelyn copied items from it. To put his theory to test  , researchers have recently used a web game that crowdsources Londoners' mental images of the city . Good imaginability allows city dwellers to feel at home mental maps of good cities are economical of mental effort and  , as a result  , their collective well-being thrives Lynch 1960 . An outcome matrix represents an interaction by expressing the outcomes afforded to each interacting individual with respect each pair of potential behaviors chosen by the individuals. As the responses of each game partner were randomized unknowingly to the participants  , the attribution of intention or will to an opponent i.e. The PDG scenario enables to implicitly measure mentalizing or Theory of Mind ToM abilities  , a technique commonly applied in functional imaging. Characterizing predictability. Repeated attempts to deflate expectations notwithstanding  , the steady arrival of new methods—game theory 13  , prediction markets 52  , 1   , and machine learn- ing 17—along with new sources of data—search logs 11  , social media 2  , 9  , MRI scans 7—inevitably restore hope that accurate predictions are just around the corner. Here  , the authors start from a bid proportional auction resource allocation model and propose an incomplete common information model where one bidder does not know how much the others would like to pay for the computing resource. Strategic software design is still a new area of inquiry. EDSER seeks good ideas with some plausibility and some support  , preliminary results  , well thought out but provocative positions  , and excellent introductions to and tutorials on relevant art e.g. , game theory  , ethical theories  , finance  , etc. The EDSER workshops thus function not as mini-conferences but as working sessions. Therefore we propose to optimize the calculation based on the structural relevance of the axioms and properties of the defined inconsistency measure. It is variously called fitness  , valuation  , and cost. Utility is a unifying  , if sometimes implicit  , concept in economics IO  , game theory 17  , and operations research 121  , as well as multi-robot coordination see The idea is that each individual can somehow internally estimate the value or the cost of executing an action. This can be considered as positive impact of the robot's behavior because according to the theory presented in 17 which is graphically summarized in Figure 2  , it is preferable to keep humans in a moderate stress level. For extroverted participants  , robot's intervention increases people's heart rate in easy game level and decreases it in the difficult level. The instructions were not in a natural-language format. The mentioned appraisal variables are then used by FAtiMA to generate Joy/Distress/Gloating/Resentment/Hope/Fear emotions  , according to OCC Theory of emotions18. Since this is a zero-sum game  , the Minimax value is also used to determine the appraisal variable DesirabilityForOther with other being the user by applying a negative sign to the desirability value. Game theory seems to provide a natural setting to study these types of problem  , since it has been used in the past to successfully model other uncertain systems . Indeed the choice primarily depends  , in some complicated fashion  , on the level of confidence the robot has in its estimate of the world. Companies with higher market shares are more efficient  , establishing that the most important drivers of price changes are changes in demand and competition. The efficiency coefficient κ j is of particular interest  , because it represents how efficient company j is when fixing its price  , a well-known result in game theory. Problems arising in the ICT industry  , such as resource or quality of service allocation problems  , pricing  , and load shedding  , can not be handled with classical optimization approaches. The recent development of Cloud systems and the rapid growth of the Internet have led to a remarkable development in the use of the Game Theory tools. The model includes infrastructural costs and revenues deriving form cloud end-users which depend on the achieved level of performance of individual requests . The power of topic modeling is that it allows users to access records across the institutional boundaries of individual repositories; in Table 5the top ten records come from five different repositories. These unavoidable characteristics of the multi-robot domain will necessarily limit the efficiency with which coordination can be achieved. It is consistent with both this tradition and with the Suits gaming definition to identify these states with the general class  , state of affairs  , or with the narrower subclass of physical object configurations in space. Finally   , given the increasing ease of online experimentation  , one of the more important directions is empirically testing the efficacy of virtual incentive schemes in the wild 30  , 20. For our own research  , we plan to pursue the opportunities provided by the substantial body of work regarding the OAP that is available in other fields  , including operations research  , economics  , and game theory. Similarly  , when designing a new method for MRTA  , our definition of the problem and our exposition on previous approaches may prove useful. 2 Based on NIST-created TREC data  , we conduct a large-scale comparative evaluation to determine the merit of the proposed method over state-of-the-art relevance assessment crowdsourcing paradigms. Our modeling approach draws on a number of theoretical bases  , including game theory 10  , 15  , programming language semantics 14  , and universal algebra 19. Our main goal at this stage is to demonstrate the utility of using mathematical models to analyze the outcome of preservation strategies in practical situations. The number of game events in the window and duration of the window are designed to help the sifier address special cases that occur for many characters when we are predicting at the beginning of their histories. The underlying theory being that a character that is making progress will be content with their current guild. 2006  , to the characteristics of peer-production systems and information sharing repositories Merkel et al. The researchers have replicated a well-known pen-and-paper experiment online: that experiment was run in 1972 by Milgram. Our long-term goal is to develop the computational underpinnings that will allow a robot to learn new patterns of interaction from an inexperienced person's instructions. With these steps the optimal parameter setting was found and used to train the model in the remaining 80% of the sample. This result is really interesting because it establishes a quantitative measure of the different companies' market position in a given market and goes beyond the results each single approach -data mining and game theory -could provide. Instead  , it is defined by applying compatibility rules to the in-and output to expand the compatibility matching range. Such experimental evaluation may be useful despite the large amount of data from real-life auctions  , as it allows us to ask " what if " questions and to isolate different aspects of user behavior that cannot be answered based just on real-world data. This is in contrast to the very large body of work in experimental game theory; see  , e.g. , the surveys in 7  , 6. Differently from our point of view  , in 32 the problem of the capacity allocation is considered for a single virtualized server among competing user requests  , while in this paper we consider the infrastructure data center at a higher granularity i.e. , VMs. Figure 8 shows Steam Community populations for the twelve countries comprising the union of the top ten user populations and the top ten cheater populations. Although framed mainly in the context of a specific set of game rules  , we extend the theory into the real world by first observing that user population on Steam Community does not follow real-world geographic population and  , more importantly   , cheaters are not uniformly distributed. In companies  , however  , for more than twenty years data mining has been used to retrieve information from corporative databases  , being a powerful tool to extract patterns of customer response that are not easily observable. The dynamics that these elements define can be modeled by game theory 8 which proposes results based on a solid economical background to understand the actions taken by agents when maximizing their benefit in non-cooperative environments . On the other hand  , research in economics and game theory has focused 8 on the social cost resulting from the widespread availability of inexpensive pseudonyms. This vulnerability stems from the fundamental role of participants in an online world: to provide value  , the distinct pseudonyms must engage in interactions that are likely to be informationrich   , and are hence susceptible to a new set of attacks whose success properties are not yet well understood. Companies that are less efficient  , on the other hand  , present smaller values  , which indicate that their main drivers to fix prices are their observed costs and their lack of interest or capacity to take demand into account. In this paper we take the perspective of SaaS providers which host their applications at an IaaS provider. One of the most widely used " solution concept " in Game Theory is the Nash Equilibrium approach: A set of strategies for the players constitute a Nash Equilibrium if no player can benefit by changing his/her strategy while the other players keep their strategies unchanged or  , in other words  , every player is playing a best response to the strategy choices of his/her opponents. On the other hand  , critics have contended that claims of success often paper over track records of failure 48   , that expert predictions are no better than random 55  , 20   , that most predictions are wrong 47  , 14  , 40  , and even that predicting social and economic phenomena of any importance is essentially impossible 54. There has been relatively little prior research on how advertisers target their campaign  , i.e. , how they determine the set S. The criterion for choosing S is for the advertiser to pick a set of keyphrases that searchers may use in their query when looking for their products. Once that is determined  , they need to strategize in the auction that takes place for each of the queries in S. A lot of research has focused on the game theory and optimization behind these auctions  , both from the search engine 1  , 16  , 6  , 2  , 10  , 4 and advertiser 3  , 8  , 5  , 11 points of view. In particular  , the work from this paper was used to design a campaign to acquire competitors' customers  , which had a high positive response rate and allowed to increase the market share of company E  , a fact that gives even more credibility to the application of such models in companies.