In QALD-3 a multilingual task has been introduced  , and since QALD-4 the hybrid task is included. These benchmarks use the DBpedia knowledge base and usually provide a training set of questions  , annotated with the ground truth SPARQL queries. This task asks participants to use both structured data and free form text available in DBpedia abstracts. A full list of 26 questions  , 150 questions from WebQuestions  , and 100 questions from QALD could be found on our website. At last  , we chose 13 questions from QALD and 13 questions from WebQuestions . Damljanovic et al. the state-of-the-art QALD 3 benchmark. 7 we evaluate our initial implementation on the QALD-4 benchmark and conclude in Sect. In Sect. Who produced the most films ? It first understands the NL query by extracting phrases and labeling them as resource  , relation  , type or variable to produce a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG. Xser 26   , the most successful system in QALD-4 and QALD-5  , uses a twostep architecture. It comprises two sets of 50 questions over DBpedia   , annotated with SPARQL queries and answers. The evaluation is based on the QALD 5 benchmark on DBpedia 6 10 . In the recent fourth installment of QALD  , hybrid questions on structured and unstructured data became a part of the benchmark. 4. However  , PowerAqua is outperformed by TBSL see below in terms of accuracy w.r.t. We then performed the same experiment over different wh-types on 2 more datasets: Training set of QALD-5's Multilingual tract only english queries and OWLS-TC. The SC-Recall came out to be 96.68 %. For QALD-4 dataset  , it was observed that 21 out of 24 queries with their variations were correctly fitted in NQS. Semantic Accuracy: We observed an SP of 91.92 % for the OWL-S TC query dataset. Recently  , Question Answering over Linked Data QALD has become a popular benchmark. TBSL 19 uses so called BOA patterns as well as string similarities to fill the missing URIs in query templates and bridge the lexical gap. We created a corpus of SPARQL queries using data from the QALD-1 5 and the ILD2012 challenges. We randomly split the data into a training set 251 queries and an evaluation set 40 queries as follows: The optimal weights of FSDM indicate increased importance of bigram matches on every query set  , especially on QALD-2. This discrepancy with SemSearch ES illustrates the significance of bigram matches for named entity queries. Out of 50 questions provided by the benchmark we have successfully answered 16 correct and 1 partially correct. Here we compare the our results with the result published by QALD-5 10. 8 As explained before  , our intention is to assess data set quality instead of SPARQL syntax. to the introduction of blank nodes. In an experiment on QALD-3 DBpedia questions  , the median query construction time was 30 s  , the maximum time was 109 s  , and only one question led to a timeout. For the QALD experiments described later  , we annotated the query using DBpedia Spotlight 7. The basic operation here is to retrieve the knowledge base entity matching the spotted query desire  , query input and their relation. SQUALL2SPARQL takes an inputs query in SQUALL  , which is a special English based language  , and translates it to SPARQL. In QALD-3 20  , SQUALL2SPARQL 21 achieved the highest precision in the QA track. Similar trends are also found in individual query per- formances. However  , on QALD-2  , whose queries are questions such as 'Who created Wikipedia'  , simple text similarity features are not as strong.  QALD-2: The Question Answering over Linked Data challenge aims to answer natural language questions e.g. , " Who is the mayor of Berlin ? " Out of the original 50 queries  , 43 have results from DBpedia. As a result of the mapping  , we get the knowledge base entity equivalent of the query input I which has been identified in the NQS instance. Ultimately  , these grounded clusters of relation expressions are evaluated in the task of property linking on multi-lingual questions of the QALD-4 dataset. textual relation expressions  , augmented with a ranked set of DBpedia properties. Each evaluator wrote down his steps in constructing the query. We selected ten questions from WebQuestions and QALD and asked five graduate students to construct queries of the ten questions on both DBpedia and YAGO. A more effective method of handling natural question queries was developed recently by Lu et al. On questions QALD-2  , about the same number of queries are improved and hurt. We choose questions from two standard Q&A questions and answers test sets  , namely  , QALD and WebQuestions as query contexts and ask a group of users to construct queries complying with these questions and check the results with the answers in the test sets. Therefore  , the quality in use in different usage contexts is very important for the spreading of these knowledge bases. To meet that goal  , we analyze the questions in QALD and WebQuestions and find most of them the detail statistics are also on our website mentioned above can be categorized to special patterns shown in Table 2. We should try our best to eliminate the time that the evaluators spend on SPARQL syntax. To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . In our initial implementation we built a cross-lingual library of relation expressions from English and Spanish Wikipedia articles containing 25 ,000 SRL graphs with 2000 annotations to DBpedia entities. Especially the latter poses a challenge  , as YAGO categories tend to be very specific and complex e.g. , FemaleHeadsOf- Government and HostCitiesOfTheSummerOlympicGames. Of the 50 training questions provided by the QALD benchmark   , 11 questions rely on namespaces which we did not incorporate for predicate detection: FOAF 8 and YAGO 9 . once the shortcomings mentioned in Section 6.2 are addressed  , we will evaluate our approach on a larger scale  , for example using the data provided by the second instalment of the QALD open challenge  , which comprises 100 training and 100 test questions on DBpedia  , and a similar amount of questions on MusicBrainz . Once these enhancements are in place  , i.e. SemSearch ES queries that look for particular entities by their name are the easiest ones  , while natural language queries TREC Entity  , QALD-2  , and INEX-LD represent the difficult end of the spectrum. We observe that the various query sets exhibit different levels of difficulty; this is indeed what we would have liked to achieve by considering different types of information needs. Negations within questions and improved ranking will also be considered. Additionally  , we will assess the impact of full-text components over regular LD components for QA  , partake in the creation of larger benchmarks we are working on QALD-5 and aim towards multilingual  , schema-agnostic queries. One well known annual benchmark in knowledge base question answering is Question Answering over Linked Data QALD  , started in 2011 23. In our work  , we use external resources in a different way: we are targeting better candidate generation and ranking by considering the actual answer entities rather than predicates used to extract them. Another benchmark dataset – WebQuestions – was introduced by Berant et al. Therefore  , due to the scale of datasets and slightly different focus of tasks  , we did not evaluate our techniques on the QALD benchmarks  , but intend to explore it in the future. In the experiment  , evaluators assessed Queriability and Informativeness manually with the source files of data sets. All 24 out of 24 QALD-4 queries  , with all there syntactic variations  , were correctly fitted in NQS  , giving a high sensitivity to structural variation. NQS was able to correctly fit 919 out of the 1083 OWLS-TC queries along with all their syntactic variation  , giving high VP of 96.43 %. However  , the performance of SDM remarkably drops on SemSearch ES query set. Table 4Table 4  , the SDM-CA and MLM-CA baselines optimized SDM and MLM both outperform previously proposed models on the entire query set  , most significantly on QALD-2 and ListSearch query sets. On SemSearch ES  , ListSearch and INEX-LD  , where the queries are keyword queries like 'Charles Darwin'  , LeToR methods show significant improvements over FSDM. The majority of queries are natural language questions that are focused on finding one particular entity or several entities as exact answers to these questions. Question Answering over Linked Data QALD 8 evaluation campaigns aim at developing retrieval methods to answer sophisticated question-like queries. It follows that transformation of SDM into FSDM increases the importance of bigram matches  , which ultimately improves the retrieval performance  , as we will demonstrate next. Finally  , we include the results recomputed from the run files of the methods used for evaluation in 2. APEQ uses Graph traversal technique to determine the main entity by graph exploration. APEQ 10  , from QALD-5 10  , uses a graph traversal based approach  , where it first extracts the main entity from the query and then tries to find its relations with the other entities using the given KB. Moreover  , we aim to integrate HAWK in domain-specific information systems where the more specialized context will most probably lead to higher F-measures. Finally  , the most complex query Show me all songs from Bruce Springsteen released between 1980 and 1990 contains a date range constraint and was found too hard to answer by all systems evaluated in the QALD evaluation 5. Also  , some approaches would face difficulty mapping the expression die from to the object property dbo:deathCause linking dbo:Person and dbo:Disease concepts. Note that although the current version of NL-Graphs has been tested with DBpedia  , it can be easily configured to query other datasets. Our results show that we can clearly outperform baseline approaches in respect to correctly linking English DBpedia properties in the SPARQL queries  , specifically in a cross-lingual setting where the question to be answered is provided in Spanish. For this baseline  , we first use the set of entities associated with a given question for linking of candidate properties exactly the same way as we perform grounding of cross-lingual SRL graph clusters Sect. Because the vast majority of property labels are of English origin  , we could not apply this baseline to Spanish QALD-4 data. We showed that by using a generic approach to generate SPARQL queries out of predicate-argument structures  , HAWK is able to achieve up to 0.68 F-measure on the QALD-4 benchmark. In this paper  , we presented HAWK  , the first hybrid QA system for the Web of Data. Their approach combines a retrieval model with the methods for spreading activation over the link structure of a knowledge graph and evaluation of membership in semantic sets. This would require extending the described techniques  , and creating new QA benchmarks. In the future  , we plan to extend our work to the more open setup  , similar to the QALD hybrid task  , where questions no longer have to be answered exclusively from the KB. We compared SPARQL2NL with SPARTIQULATION on a random sample of 20 queries retrieved from the QALD-2 benchmark within a blind survey: We asked two SPARQL experts to evaluate the adequacy and fluency of the verbalizations achieved by the two approaches. It relies on detecting a main entity  , which is used to subdivide the query graph into subgraphs  , that are ordered and matched with pre-defined message types. The experts were not involved in the development of any of the two tools and were not aware of which tool produces which verbalization. Given that the choice for the realization of atomic graph patterns depends on whether the predicate is classified as being a noun phrase or a verb phrase  , we measured the accuracy i.e. , the percentage of right classifications of our approach by realizing all properties occurring in the QALD- 2 benchmark. We also ensured that the queries used were different from those used in Task 2  , in order to avoid training effects on particular questions. For each correct answer  , we replaced the return variable  ?uri in the case of the QALD-2 SELECT queries by the URI of the answer  , and replaced all other URIs occurring in the query by variables  , in order to retrieve all triples relevant for answering the query 10 . These triples were generated as follows: We first executed the SPARQL query and randomly selected up to five results from the query answer. For each incorrect answer  , we first generalised the SPARQL query by removing a triple pattern  , or by replacing a URI by a variable. einstein relativ-ity theory "   , " tango music composers "   , " prima ballerina bolshoi theatre 1960 " ;  QALD-2: the Question Answering over Linked Data query set contains natural language questions of 4 different types: e.g. , " who created wikipedia ? " continents in the world "   , " products of medimmune   , inc. " ;  INEX-LD: this query set covers different types of queries – named entity queries  , type queries  , relation queries  , and attribute queries e.g. " QALD-2 has the largest number of queries with no performance differences  , since both FSDM and SDM fail to find any relevant results for 28 out of 140 queries from this fairly difficult query set. From Figure 3  , it follows that  , on the entire query set  , FSDM performs better than SDM on a larger number of topics than vice versa  , with the most significant difference on SemSearch ES query set. In particular  , we will test how well our approach carries over to different types of domains. We also develop a GUI tool to help users to construct queries in case they are not familiar with the SPARQL syntax. Our work on HAWK however also revealed several open research questions  , of which the most important lies in finding the correct ranking approach to map a predicate-argument tree to a possible interpretation. NL interfaces are attractive for their ease-of-use  , and definetely have a role to play  , but they suffer from a weak adequacy: habitability spontaneous NL expressions often have no FL counterpart or are ambiguous  , expressivity only a small FL fragment is covered in general. In the Semantic Web  , many systems translate English questions to SPARQL queries see 13 for a survey  , and the QALD 8 challenge is devoted to that task. The results of PRMS are significantly worse compared to MLM in our settings  , which indicates that the performance of this model degrades in case of a large number of fields in entity descriptions. To make sure that SDM-CA is not overfit  , we run SDM using a standard weighting scheme 0.8  , 0.1  , 0.1 and got very close results with respect to MAP – 0.258 on SemSearch ES  , 0.196 on ListSearch  , 0.114 on INEX-LD  , 0.186 on QALD-2  , and 0.193 on the query set including all queries. For fair comparison  , we used the same five field entity representation scheme and the same query sets as in 33  Sem- Search ES consisting primarily of named entity queries  , List- Search consisting primarily of entity list search queries  , QALD- 2 consisting of entity-focused natural language questions  , and INEX-LD containing a mix of entity-centric queries of different type. Experimental results reported in this work were obtained on a publicly available benchmark developed by Balog and Neumayer 2  , which uses DBpedia as the knowledge graph. A structurally recursive query involves one or more recursive functions and function calls to them. Mapping. The recursive member function was tested in P and the specifi- cation of the recursive member fumction remains unchanged. Consider the case in which a recursive member function accesses the same data as a new attribute. In the case of a recursive navigation   , it is mapped to an expression that consists of a function call to the built-in recursive function descendant-or-self and a projection. Recursive data structures and recursive function calls are inherently handled. The latter results in the visualization of the SSG. Instead  , our approach maps a recursive navigation into a function call to a structurally recursive function by means of the translation method presented in 3 for a regular path expression. The XQuery core's approach to support recursive navigation is based on the built-in descendant-or-self function and the internal typing function recfactor as we have already seen in Section 2. We use fixed-point iteration to solve this mutually recursive equation . We show a mutually recursive relationship between bias and unbiased rating  , i.e. , we write bias as a function of unbiased rating and unbiased rating as a function of bias. Otherwise  , the function returns the sum of number of insertions for each recursive node. If the path has no recursive nodes  , the function simply returns the cardinality of the path. Recursive navigation. The basic idea is to utilize the recursive function call mechanism of the C language. We followed a third approach to recursive queries in designing Jasmine/C. Dissallowing any function symbols such a recursive Horn clause will have the form This means that we have a single recursive Horn clause and the recursive predicate appears in the antecedent only once. they are equivalent. In fact  , the iterative and recursive programs do compute the same function; i.e. For example  , we can think of a query //title as a nondeterministic finite automaton depicted in Figure 8  , and define two structurally recursive functions from the automaton. This effect is similar to that of the XQuery core's relating projection to iteration . Furthermore  , if a structurally recursive query is applied to non-recursive XML data  , the structural function inlining transforms a recursive function call into a finitely nested iterations sensitive to their local types. This approach provides a more precise result type  , and the resulting expression does not require useless evaluation with respect to the type information. In order to identify what function class we focus our consideration on  , we adopt the syntactic restrictions of the state-of-the-art work on structural recursion 3  , which define the common form of structurally recursive function. Structurally recursive functions are a kind of the function classes to which we can apply the structural function inlining. The standard way of deriving the semantics of a recursive function is to compute the least fixed point of its generating function. Consider the following piece of code: The advantage of this approach is that new notation for writing recursive queries is unnecessary; C programmers can write recursive queries the same way they write recursive functions. , which implies the theorem immediately. where the function X is implemented witli recursive least squares. Furtlierinore  , we may assiinie that the adjacent frequency bins H , For example: Since the additional recursive functions are anonymous  , they cannot possibly be invoked anywhere else. In the original model  , the occurrence of the loop can then be replaced by a simple call to this recursive function instead . In this regard  , our structural function inlining is a novel technique for typing recursive XML queries. However  , the XQuery core cannot properly type recursive XML queries 2  , 10  , 11. In contrast   , the structural function inlining optimizes recursive functions to avoid useless evaluation over irrelevant fragments of data. Moreover  , they consider nonrecursive functions only  , and even the XQuery core cannot optimize recursive functions 2  , 10  , 11 . The SSG may contain cycles  , hence it is not necessary to introduce k-limiting techniques to represent self-referential data structures. Because of such functions  , the type of a structurally recursive query tends to be typed imprecisely. The return type of a polymorphic recursive function that accepts any XML data is usually declared as xs:AnyType 10. For each of the three representative types of the structurally recursive query  , we present the current approach of the XQuery core  , new approaches that exploit the structural function inlining  , and some discus- sion. The first Horn clause is recursive in the sense that the relation ancestor appears on both the qualification and the consequent of it. Dissallowing any function symbols such a recursive Horn clause will have the form A comment with each of the public attributes indicates its t~  , all other inherited attributes are recursive. Thus  , specification-based and program-based test cases need not be rerun. The method basically provides a recursive framework to construct a Lyapunov function and corresponding control action for the system stabilization. This special form allows the use of the recursive backstepping procedure for the controller design 15. The recursive evaluation to determine this value is: Figure 3shows the recursive cost function. The cost of the path from the reference host  , ~  , to node ~ along a particular path  , Pk  , is represented by f~oPk. On the other hand  , a recursive navigation is typed differently by an ad hoc approach 11 that uses an internal typing function recfactor. It typically starts by translating the function body as if the inner call does nothing. However  , we have observed that some function classes in XQuery would be inlined more systematically under the guidance of type information. In other words  , we have shown that the iterative program computes an extension of the function computed by our recursive program  , rather that the exact same function. It is still conceivable  , however  , that the iterative program may terminate and return some value even though the recursive program does not. In this section  , we describe how to apply the structural function inlining to structurally recursive queries in XQuery. The mapped functions embed as much type information as possible into their function bodies from the given query. A brief overview of our approach is as follows: Given a structurally recursive query  , it is mapped to structurally recursive functions and function calls to them. The query pruning 14 similarly optimizes regular path expressions  , but it is inapplicable to arbitrary recursive functions containing operations interleaved arbitrarily with navigation since such recursive functions are not transformed to finite automata. Mutually recursive functions can be handled easily  , since we can always transform a set of mutually recursive functions into a single recursive function with an additional " selection " parameter. Programmers can now incorporate the " loop " predicate in the assertions to check for the possibility or inevitability of infinite loops. In the above argument we established that the iterative program will terminate whenever the original recursive program does and that the two programs will then return the same value. For example  , //title is mapped intermediately to descendant-or-self$roots/title. How can we generate efficient code for a query like the one shown in Figure 1  , in view of the user-defined recursive function it involves. 3. The recursive function definitions of universal and existential quantification are given in section 5. We have proven theorems stating both types of relationships  , including the example above. Interestingly  , the structurally recursive function is applied frequently to nonrecursive XML data. The stopping point of the recursion is the second rule for an empty sequence type. The user need not know how to define hierarchies in order to &fine recursive functions. Dowtmard and upward recursions cannot bs in the same function definition. The recursive method SPLIT introduced in Fig. The function COMPUTE ENTROPY evaluates the entropy associated with the histogram of the pixels in the node's area. The client computes h root using a recursive function starting from the root node. Let R be the set of points in the query result. The empty stack is represented by the function with no input arguments NEWSTACK. One aid is to intepret the axioms as defining a set of recursive functions. Two types of strategies have been proposed to handle recusive queries. We assume that the rules may include recursive predicates referencing unary  , finite and inversible function symbols. Set NEXTcompriijes all functions In order to develop such supervisors we will construct a recursive function supervisor parameterized by functions next E NEXT. If the kth link is moved  , BACK checks from the most distal Figure 5TheBACKfimction This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. If an interrupt restoring function is encountered  , we simply restore the state to X. In case of a cycle i.e. , recursive function calls  , we follow the cycle until the annotations stabilize. To get rid of them  , we inline the corresponding function body in place of each function call. The main obstacle in typing and optimizing a structurally recursive query is the functions involved in the query. Second  , reference expressions in user-defined functions might involve local variables  , which are meaningless outside the function context. First  , we cannot always expand function calls by inline code due to the existence of recursive functions. Recognizing a variable on a tree is done through a recursive function traverse shown in Fig. The resulting trees are stored in newSet. We call this way of counting words " soft-counting " because all the possible words are counted. For +&mple  , tze recursive function for Sjeft is The transfer function frequency bins may further be smoothened through a recursive least square technique. The first mode of the beam was estimated in real-time utilizing the Empirical Transfer Function Estimator ETFE 17. We refer to this kind of function inlining as structural function inlining. While function inlining has been used in the programming language community  , our function inlining differs significantly in that it inlines a structurally  recursive function with the guidance of type information. Thus  , the specification-based and program-based test suites for A are not rerun. A RECURSIVE or VIRTUAL-RECURSIVE member function attribute A requires very limited retesting since it was previously individually tested in P and the specification and implementation remain unchanged. The guiding principle is making good use of type information available in both a query and its environment 11 in which it is evaluated. A new data attribute is tested during integration testing when it is integrated into GR by testing A with member functions with which it interacts. Both methods share the problem of too much generality since the pro- grammer can write anything into the loop or the function body; this severely limits query optimization. Similar effects can also be achieved using recursive functions to generate recursive relations or to test membership recursively. Due to the recursive nature of the approach  , such a procedure would have to be applied for any object at any recursive level. When the action to be taken is considered the first step of a longer sequence  , computing the utility function may involve motion planning  , or even game-tree search  , if reactions of other objects are taken into account. We have presented how the technique works  , how to cope with technical obstacles such as the infinite inlining  , and how to apply the technique to structurally recursive queries. Our major contributions are a new technique referred to as the structural function inlining and a new approach to the problem of typing and optimizing structurally recursive queries. That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results. The above recursive equation hierarchically performs temporal segmentation of the time series i.e. , our onset signatures into multiple parts  , and obtains a histogram of time series gradients corresponding to each of them. Since the function getBib is nonrecursive   , we introduce another function: define function s1xs:AnyType $a returns xs:AnyType { for $n in $a return typeswitch $n as $x case element titlexs:AnyType return $x  , s1children$x case  return  default return s1children$x } Thus  , the operations of the domain abstract data types can be mixed freely with tuple operations in expressions and recursive function definitions. The tuple operations include maps to tuple projection and from tuple construction domain objects. The structural function inlining exploits the property that the structural parameter's type changes for each recursive call according to the syntactic restrictions. Let the structural parameter be a parameter of any sequence type which is used for structural recursion. We address the above three challenges in the rest of this paper. However  , this may not provide useful type information when the return type is  , for instance  , xs:AnyType. Consider the expression descendant-or-self$roots/title mapped from //title. The example exhibits the use of recursive relationships assemblies and their component parts  , weak entities vendor locations  , and potentially null flelds structure description  , vendor status. Attributes are circled  , and edges are marked with their function types. function for pseudo-elements; in practice it might be more advantageous to implement it iteratively as a special case. Note that 2.3 is a recursive call for a NE ?J ? The method to construct the functional equation is general enough to deal with recursive rules  , function symbols and non-binary predicates. It is an efficient method to compute the grandfather of a set of persons. Therefore the semantic operation apply -and thus also vwly -is a partial recursive function in every minimally defined model of Q LFINSET. DB-L is weakly sufficiently complete. The protocol tries to construct the quorum by selecting the root co. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. GEOKOBJ has several predefined functions e.g. A recursive function POSITION generalizing the OFFSET example is defined to give the 3- dimensional offset and orientation of the PART relative to the beginning of a hierarchy. The signature can be extended using function symbols  , to yield the full power of Prolog specifications. These clauses are well-defined provided the negation operator is not used in front of recursive predicates. Thus  , operators on such large-grain data structures imply some kind of extended control structure such as a loop  , a sequence of statements  , a recursive function  , or other. with respect to some conventional programming language. If the modeled concept is a generic concept such as ComponentType in Fig. The recursive function generates the equivalent of o using one of the four following behaviors depending on the kind of concept the meta-class of o models. We also use the following recursive function to construct the unit type for a variable x based on its C type τ when no appropriate annotations for x are provided: The unit environment is constructed during constraint generation. For example  , they cannot handle recursive function definitions or loops whose termination depends on data structure invariants. All of these approaches fail for programs that include looping behaviors that do not fit their limited scope. If a call graph contains no cycles  , it is guaranteed that all functions in the call graph will be annotated. ==>for$nin$sec0return typeswitch $nas$x caseSectionreturns1'children$x defaultreturn In this case  , as the second approach  , we should define a more generic structurally recursive function. However  , we cannot use the first approach when the argument is any expression other than the path expression . This meaning may just be nontermination for some arguments e.g. if f is recursively defined   , the meaning of f is given by the least fixed point of the higher-order and non-recursive function Af.e see Sch86 . We cannot expect the same transformation method to work here for several reasons. This equivalent is added to the output meta-model instance. We now give examples of derivable relational concepts such as relational algebra and integrity constraints. All other relational notions are defined in terms of these primitives and recursive function composition. The function of this stack is to support method assertions in recursive calls. These results are stored in a method stack along the result of old expressions lines 8 and 9  , Figure 1. The postcondition assertion method pops the stack and  , based on the recorded outcome of the precondition  , it evaluates the appropriate postcondition. Using auxiliary tree T   , recursive function sort csets is invoked to sort the component sets. Note that non-leaf node of T is numbered according to its order of merging. As to optimizing functions  , most of existing optimization techniques 6  , 7 treat functions simply as externally defined black boxes accompanying some semantic information. The original case rules are specialized for each possible type  , and the resulting case rules introduce two new recursive function calls 3 and 5. Box 2 in Figure 4shows the result of the horizontal optimization. Unfortunately  , the correct recursive function to induct upon is obscured by the many irrelevant terms in the hypothesis. At this point in the proof the theorem prover needs to do a proof by induction. A  , q as the retrieval status value of annotation A without taking any context into account calculated  , e.g. , by applying full-text retrieval methods  , so 1 is a recursive function. For X being a counterargument  , it should be A modified version of GJK  , RGJK  , which exploits the recursive evaluation is stated in Section 3. Section 2 introduces the adjacency structure and describes how it is used to recursively evaluate the support function. This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. Therefore  , each link will be moved back with the angular displacement corresponding to its location with respect to the other links. The handlers are executed  , like functions  , in a recursive descent manner. Each type in the schema has a handler  , analogous to a function  , which is composed of the basic instructions . Any remaining cycles in the request graph suggest that a possibly mutually-recursive function is making server requests. The other is that Repeatable also handles loops that arise from user interaction with the dom. In the presence of children  , the predicate consists of the recursive concatenation using boolean or of the predicates of the children. For the predicate function Pred  , a step with no children simply returns itself. It is the latter capability that allows us to define aggregate functions simply. The stack described above serves the back u_~ and output functions served by 0UTLIST. This is not surprising  , for the implicit stack offered by the recursive control domain only serves the forward control function of ROOTSTACK in the iterative parser. Although the tree notation is well suited for the transformational purposes  , its recursive nature does not guarantee an efficient execution. We show how the transformation intertwines both functions yielding a program which computes the aggregate function while sorting. It is a recursive function that generates the set OptAns of all answers candidate to be optimum by combining the paths in a connected component cc. the answer we are generating is still optimum  , thus  , it preserves the monotonicity. By throwing away all terms except the following: The correct induction can be chosen. We have addressed this problem in this paper. Its application at line 2 automatically generates two sub-goals. In the above proof since the function superCon is recursive  , we need to perform the induction on the variable k. The PVS command induct invokes an inductive proof. This strategy builds up sets " naively " for " interesting " arguments of the function. At present we thercforc USC a boltom-up evaluation strategy for recursive and mutually-rccursivc set-valued functions. This is accomplished with the following recursive function. We then label every DOM node to be either an insignificant  , inline or line-break node  , based on its tag and position information. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. In Figure 3  , we present a protocol for constructing a valid read quorum. This mapping is generic in that we can map any other recursive navigation query in the same way. The function call s1$roots produces the expected results a sequence of title elements. In addition  , recursive functions may also be analyzed multiple times. A function's effects depend on the effects of its callees as well its overriding functions   , potentially causing a function to be analyzed several times. If a component can be instantiated in an empty context at the root of an application  , the recursive function is used to generate its equivalent in B. The execute-imm function computes the partial fixpoint of a database instance using some immediate rules. The way rules are activated with respect to the events of a transaction is described by a recursive function evaluate  , which takes as parameters a stream of events and a database state. To handle inter-procedural dependences including recursive functions/procedures  , we have introduced auxiliary types of nodes in a PDG. By doing so  , we do not need to find out all function/procedure calls in the program  , but we simply modify the entry part of each function/procedure slightly. Consequently the derivation starts with the translation of the associated fragment by evaluating the following function: The recursive rule rcr , ,.ure is achieved by: RULfhceurriva Closure  , e  , Ccrorurc  , immediate ,@ where Cclo ,urc is the conditions extracted from the function between " Floor-Request " and " Closure " . In our example  , the only entry of the graph is " Floor- Request " . The actions of the rule consist in the closure method call and its own reactivation. The recursive form of the new function immediately leads to an iterative program form. During horizontal transformation sum_byBA and mergeA are combined by operator L. To translate their combination into an iterative program during vertical transformation  , we generate the new function sum-mergeB ,A which performs merging and aggregation si- multaneously. The recursion should terminate when the output of the TRANSFORMER function is identical to its input. Finally  , although probably not sensible in the incremental setting  , an iterate-until-stable style optimizer can be specified by simply introducing a recursive call to TRANSFORMER from within the Figure 4: A Parallelizing Tool FORMER function itself. To do this  , ACL2 attempts to guess a well-founded measure for the function and to prove that it decreases with each recursive call. Termination plays a key role in ACL2  , as every defined function using the definitional principle must be shown to terminate before ACL2 will admit it. The first function in Figure 1is a recursive function cost::Part-+Num which computes the cost of any part : if x is a base part its cost is obtained from the base selector  , otherwise ils cost is obtained by recursively summing the costs of its immediate sub-parts. . The following section shows that the standard transitive closure is one important example of a recursive query for which the running time of a sample is indeed a function of the sample size. 0 Identifying classes of recursions for which the time to compute a sample is a function of the sample size is an interesting open question. Through utilizing such ranking function  , the recursive feature elimination procedure on the feature set provides more insights into the importance of each feature to the total revenue. Instead of trying to achieve a simple two-step procedure  , the novel ranking function  , revenue direct-optimization  , aims to directly maximize the approximate empirical revenue. A feature ranking list is then generated according to its contribution in training the optimal ranking function. GEOY_CBJPART is an entity-valued function that stores the PART's shape  , and also the position and location relative to each superpart. Tries to prove the current formula with automatic induction. First  , introduce a recursive function definition for exponentiation: function EXP X  , Y: INT = pre INT'GE Y  , 0 measure ORDINAL'VAL Y begin if Y = 0 then 1 else TIMES X  , EXP X  , HIBUS Y  , I end if end EXP; Notice that we are chasing to simplify the Icft-most  , outermost redex at each step above -this computation rule is known as rwrmuf-order reduction and it corresponds to the lazy evaluurion of function arguments. Operationally then  , Y has the affect of producing a new copy of Y H the " meaning " of the factorial function upon each recursive call. Many papers including 3  , 10  , 13  suggest such restriction for structural recursion . Therefore  , the recursive method for the stabilization of-the sys­ tem 1 can be given based on either the Krasovskii functional or the Razumikhin function. Simultaneously  , the Razumikhin function is also used to prove the stability of the time-delay systems due to the com­ plicated construction of the functional . Another major difference between BFRJ and the depth-first approach is that BFRJ never traverses upwards in an R-tree while the depth-first approach traverses upwards as part of function returns of the recursive routines. This is because the order by which each node-pair is to be joined is determined by the recursive depth-first sequence that consequently makes it difficult to globally modify any ordering of traversal. performs a global translation  , rather than a recursive one as in the previous cases  , in which case the Decendents function returns the empty set. when a nested tuple is mapped to a flat one and the translation takes the leaf attributes of the nested input tuple and glues them together to form a flat tuple3; and global rules where the translation function handles the whole subtree rooted at the vertex i.e. For instance  , the following function from 28  performs a recursive access on the class hierarchy in order to figure out whether an entity is an instance of a given class. As a result  , XQuery can then be used to access the data structure part of the RDF document  , while using entailment to access its semantics. The mapping is defined as follows: Using the mappings from Section 4.3  , we can now follow the approach of 4 and define a recursive mapping function T which takes a DL axiom of the form C D  , where C is an L b -class and D is an L h -class  , and maps it into an LP rule of the form A ← B. The theorem contains the condition thai the recursive function F be defined on a  , that the computation of Fa will terminate this condition is necessary for  , otherwise  , the iterative program will never terminate  , and therefore control will never reach finish at all. if sometime x = a at start and Fa is defined then sometime z = Fa at-finish. It is then straightforward to show that the behavior of the model is preserved after replacing each loop by a call to its corresponding anonymous recursive function. Therefore  , their introduction does not alter the set of execution traces specified by the model. For the rest of the discussion  , we will assume that the ISSUBSUMED boolean operator can be implemented by re-writing to the SQL/XML XMLExists function. Another possibly less efficient implementation is to use a recursive SQL statement as alluded to in Das et al 4. A dynamically changed DOM state does not register itself with the browser history engine automatically  , so triggering the 'Back' function of the browser is usually insufficient . Upon completion of the recursive call  , the browser should be put back into the previous state. During this traversal  , each non-terminal and terminal node is analyzed  , making use of parse tree annotations and other functions and lexical resources that provide " semantic " interpretations of syntactic properties and lexical information. After each sentence is identified and parsed  , its parse tree is traversed in a depth-first recursive function. Converting dynamic errors to empty sequences yields correct results as in predicates without negations. From the language perspective  , although many built-in functions are available  , features such as the remaining XQuery language constructs  , remaining XPath axes  , userdefined function library  , user-defined recursive functions  , and many built-in functions and operators can be done in the future. Recursive data base queries expressed in datalog function-free Horn clause programs are most conveniently evaluated using the bottom-up or forward chaining evaluation method see  , e.g. , l  , 2  , 5  , 141. We assume the reader is familiar with the basic notions pertaining to datalog programs 4  , 14. For each object of the DO plane  , an emanating relation arrow implies that in the methods section of the source object  , there is a function that generates the destination object. The definition of an ice-region is recursive through the relation composed-of  , because any ice region may contain other ice regions. Thus  , although all the elements of the set arc eventually discovered  , the top-down evaluation of a sctvalued function may fail to terminate c-f. the difficulties in detecting termination when logic rules arc evaluated top-down. Assuming the reader to be familiar with recursion in deductive databases Gallaire84  , Bancilhon86  , Ullman86  , we address the problem of evaluating queries referencing rule defined relations. Approaches Back-tracking provides a simple recursive method of generating all possible solution vectors. A boundary unction is any function F on the set of nodes in the tree having the following properties: 1 if X is a feasible complete solution  , then This could result in an infinite loop which would indicate that a link has become jammed. Because of the recursive feature of the BACK function the is checked for the second obstacle and moved in the opposite direction to the first movement  , returning the link to the original position. By creating a separate relation for every spec field  , Squander solves all these problems: whatever abstraction function is given to a spec field  , it will be translated into a relational constraint on the corresponding relation  , and Kodkod will find a suitable value for it. Another limitation is that spec methods cannot be recursive. The local time cascade is a recursive function that derives a child's active time from the parent time container's simple time. Simple time is modified by the defined time transformations to yield segment time  , which is in turn modified by repeat functionality and min/max constraints to yield active time. Note the mutual recursive nature of linkspecs and link clauses. Link clause expressions are boolean combinations of link clauses  , where each link clause is semantically a boolean condition on two columns and is specified using either a a native method; b a user-defined function UDF; or c a previously defined linkspec. The actual splitting of the original target page is performed by creating the new right sibling as an exact copy of the page and then removing the unnecessary entries from both pages with the remove interface function. Recursive splitting due to parent page overflows are handled in the same way. The fading is controllable by a weighting parameter a. The performance function Pn is approximated as Pn = ag + UJ n + a2 n2 see figure 4Based on recent measurement pairs P ,n the coefficients ai are estimated using a recursive least-square estimator with exponentially fading memory Young  , 19841. In order to develop such supervisors we will construct a recursive function supervisor parameterized by functions next E NEXT. 7  , each supervisor $ E must ensure that: a $s = admissible if state s is semi-chained  , and b if $s = admissible then there exists a semi-chained state s' E Rs  , $. We assume that the tree has a well defined root  , and that a transaction attempting to construct a write quorum calls the recursive function WriteQuorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. In Figure 2  , we present a protocol for constructing a valid write quorum. Since a reasonably good signal to noise ratio was attained in our experimental setups  , we only utilized ETFE. E T F E includin the recursive least square is known as Time-varying k a n s f e r Function Estimator TTFE 18. To be more specified  , we de­ sign the virtual input and Lyapunov-like function to eIlsure UUB stability of each sub-system recursively compensating the effect of uIIcertain parameters_ Be­ fore designing controller  , -we set some controller pa­ rameters evaluating some bounds of elements in 12. In this section  , we construct a robust controller for uncertainties and load fluctuations with recursive Lyapunov-based design. Since the Razumikhin func­ tion can be constructed easily and the additional re­ striction for the system is not required in the pro­ posed recursive design  , an asymptotically stabilizing controller can be explicitly constructed. In this section  , we will provide a version of the back­ stepping based on the Razumikhin function for the time-delay systems 1. By allowing models to be written declaratively or imperatively using simple data types as well as relations  , the programmer can concentrate more on writing the model and less on struggling with the limited expressiveness of the tool. This work combines the relational features of Alloy with imperative constructs  , control constructs such as loops and recursive function calls  , and full integer arithmetic support. Tuples have two operations  , construction and element selection tuple projection  , defied on them in addition to equality based on the equalities of their constituent types algebras. This edge corresponds to the recursive function call to walksub—Barnes implements the Barnes-Hut approach for the N-body problem  , and walksub recursively traverses the primary data structure  , a tree. The LIME report for 32 cores  , summarized in Figure 8  , says the control flow edge from line 116 in grav. C to line 112 accounts for the imbalance . In the following we demonstrate how to handle an inductive proof in our system by proving a simple lemma end with On  , which expresses that at the end of the special intervals the heater is on. From the local active time  , the segment and simple times are derived the model is logically inverted to calculate the active duration from simple duration. Since the type is recursive   , Build Surrogate Fn is invoked instead of Horizontal Optimization lines 23-26. In Box 1  , the first horizontal optimization results in a new function call 2 lines 1-4  , 11-13  , and Vertical Optimization is invoked with a pair of arguments  , the resulting expression and the type Section lines 14-15. But  , on the other hand  , we have exploited some internal mechanisms of EXPRESS  , namely the indexing with most specific terms and the automatic recursive term expansion described in Chapter 4  , in order to achieve an elegant partial solution. In light of these problems  , we have not yet implemented a sufficiently complete narrowing function in EXPRESS. Further reduction in the computations can be accomplished by minimizing the coefficient of the logarithmic function of the time complexity . This set of forward and backward recurrence equations can be evaluated by applying the recursive doubling technique twice  , one for the forward recursion and another for the backward recursion  , to achieve the time lower bound. Needless to say  , future work includes a long list if items. The ap- plication domain of this strategy according to Vie86 are all kinds of recursion defined by means of function free Horn clauses. Then we turn to QSQR which has recently been introduced for handling recursive axioms in deductive databases by Vie86. Formally  , assume that we have a set U of unreachable atomic propositions. Consider the following recursive function rem U : LT LΠ → LT LΠ that operates on an LTL formula φ and removes all the positive occurrences of atomic propositions in U that appear in conjunctions recall that no negation operator appears in our formulas: The final feature vector representation of the onset signature is constructed as follows  , by attaching mean and max values to the histogram: That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results. Here it is : This first proposition is a syntactically correct program  , but semantically it presents some difficulties : -I at the recursive call  , N is not modified rule I. Our second example ls an extremely "simplified" version of the equally welt-known FACTORIAL function. To avoid using reflection   , a method is generated for each analyser that sorts all the " visit " method calls in a switch in function of the operator ids. Instead each recursive call is forwarded to a central method that dispatches according to the operator id of the current node to the appropriate analyser method. For instance /a The translation function T takes three parameters: the location step of the XSQuirrel expression  , the current binding used by the FLWR expression and a list of predicates. For example   , ;a somewhat more thorough version of the optimizer might repeat the original three phases a second time. Since LIME reports the tree traversal is imbalanced  , this suggests that the tree itself is imbalanced. We are building our theory by fii defining the concepts of higher level theories or formalisms in terms of our primitives and then proving their properties mechanically. Thus for both full generality and for tree outputting an explicitly maintained global stack is demanded. − Encoding the set of descendant tags: The size of the input document being a concern  , we make the rather classic assumption that the document structure is compressed thanks to a dictionary of tags into the document hierachy at the price of making the DescTag function recursive. These data structures are illustrated in Figure 7.a on an abstract XML document. Suppose that a structurally recursive query Q is transformed into Q T by the structural function inlining with respect to type information T . We define the cost of evaluating a query Q over a sequence s denoted by costQ  , s  , which means total number of nodes defined in the XQuery data model 12 that are accessed in the evaluation of Q. Moreover  , the recursions in the definition of S ↓ and E ↓ correspond to recursive function calls of the respective evaluation functions. Likewise  , the functions corresponding to E ↓ take an arbitrary XPath expression and a list of contexts as input and return a list of XPath values which can be of type num  , str  , bool or nset. Given a hierarchical view that already is defined  , the user simply inserts a new function and provides a defining expression by using func- tions of PREV. Osprey takes as an additional input a configuration file that allows new definitions for unit prefixes  , unit aliases  , and unit factors that can be used in unit annotations. We also use the following recursive function to construct the unit type for a variable x based on its C type τ when no appropriate annotations for x are provided: These seem to be rare in JavaScript programs—we have not encountered any in the applications in §7—and therefore serve as a diagnostic to the developer. Since the size-change principle does not consider the tests of if-statements  , it must consider infinite state sequences that cannot occur  , including the sequence that alternates between the two recursive calls. Consider  , for example  , the function  , f  , given in Figure 1. The profile above disambiguates the cases mentioned previously aa shortcomings of function and count profiles . Another important con- clusion that can be drawn is that if we could eliminate the recursive call to ** from ** from POLY-LOOP from POLY  , we could save about 93.6yo of the total run time. For hybrid relational-XML DBMS  , a straight-forward implementation of the ISSUBSUMED boolean operator is to use the SQL/XML function XMLExists 7  , 14 . Predicate buffer and output buffer: The derivation of the function Out-Buffers is similar to that of Results  , and the derivation of Pred-Buffers is straightforward. For the parse tree in Figure 2  , there are no recursive nodes  , so that #match bufs is estimated as: where the factor 3 is the fanout of node book in the parse tree. The protocol tries to construct a quorum by selecting the root and a majority of its children. During this traversal  , each nonterminal and terminal node is analyzed  , making use of parse tree annotations and other functions and lexical resources that provide " semantic " interpretations of syntactic properties and lexical information. Property 3 shows that the R M R N   , possesses an elegant recursive property with regard to its structure in a manner similar to the n-cube. Property 2 shows how the n-cube can be used to simulate the behavior and function of the RMRN ,. The link is checked for the first obstacle and moved accordingly. By doing The components of the resultant forceslmoments at the robot joints a a part due to velocity and gravity terms function of position and Even for the frictioniess problem  , a recursive  , and not the explicit form of the analytical equations which describe the robot dynamics  , is preferable for a numerical implementation. The split is then installed in the parent: the old SP for the left page is updated via update pred and a new entry for the new right page is inserted into the parent with the insert function. The recursive function is defined as: Solve formula 16 by dynamic programing to learn the indication vector E = {e1  , e2  , ..  , em} and send sequence si to query for labeling if ei = 1. be achieved with total number of elements less than or equal to j using sequences up to i. Since distinguished variables are assumed to appear exactly once in the consequents of rules with the potential of repeated variables being real&d by equalities in the antecedent  , h is a function. 0 For a rule r   , we define the function h from the set of distinguished variables in r to the set of all variables in r. For a distinguished variable x  , hx is the variable that appears in the recursive predicate in the antecedent in the same position as x appears in the consequent. In this case  , the current concept description D has to be specialized by means of an operator exploring the search space of downward refinements of D. Following the approach described in 5 ,8  , the refinement step produces a set of candidate specializations ρD and a subset of them  , namely RS  , is then randomly selected via function RandomSelection by setting its cardinality according to the value returned by a function f applied to the cardinality of the set of specializations returned by the refinement operator e.g. Finally  , the third recursive case concerns the availability of both negative and positive examples. The keyword value  , as in domain constraint definitions  , provides a way of naming  , not the type  , bul the whole instance of the type or domain being referenced in an expression that is being evaluated it is often called self or this in programming languages. Recursive use of something like a 2-place cons function quickly palls - cons94301  , cons94302  , cons94303  , cons94304  , cons94306 Notice that both measures are hard to compute over massive graphs: naive personalization would require on the fly power iteration over the entire graph for a user query; naive SimRank computation would require power iteration over all pairs of vertices. Jeh and Widom 16 introduced SimRank  , the multi-step link-based similarity function with the recursive idea that two pages are similar if pointed to by similar pages. Analogously to Theorem 6.5  , we get  Finally  , note that using arguments relating the topdown method of this section with join optimization techniques in relational databases  , one may argue that the context-value table principle is also the basis of the polynomial-time bound of Theorem 7.4. Query trees present the same limitations as 15   , and are also not capable of expressing if/then/else expressions; sequences of expressions since we require that the result of the query always be an XML document; function applications; and arithmetic and set operations. View forests 15 are capable of expressing any query in the XQueryCore that does not refer to element order  , use recursive functions or use is/is not operators. Since templates serve different needs  , we extract those with a high probability of containing structured information on the basis of the following heuristic: templates with just one or two template attributes are ignored since these are templates likely to function as shortcuts for predefined boilerplates  , as well as templates whose usage count is below a certain threshold which are likely to be erroneous. on a Wikipedia page are extracted by means of a recursive regular expression. The convenience of POE based Newton-Euler dynamics modeling of open chains  , demonstrated in 9 and 13  , has been incorporated into this work to provide a recursive formulation for computing the gradient as well. While it is possible to optimize objective functions by estimating the gradients lo  it is far more desirable to provide analytical gradients  , both for improving the performance of the optimizer 18  fewer computations of the cost function are needed and also to increase the accuracy of the gradient. In what follows  , we will present the technique circum­ venting this problem with the two-dimensional sys­ tem 7 as example. Thus  , the key to recursive design for time­ delay systems is how to overcome this difficulty to construct recursively the virtual control law in each step such that in the final step the derivative of the Lyapunov-Razumikhin function of the system is neg­ ative whenever the Razumikhin condition holds. As one composes large-grain operators and operands together into longer expressions  , each subexpression implies not only some atomic computations e.g. , pixel addition that will eventually be expressed in terms of atomic operators e.g. , + and data e.g. , integers  , but it also implies some control structure to sequence 154 Thus  , operators on such large-grain data structures imply some kind of extended control structure such as a loop  , a sequence of statements  , a recursive function  , or other. Within the SEM Model  , it also provides a function similar to an execution stack in a block-structured language  , where the current context is saved upon recursive invocations further planning and restored upon the successful translation and verification of certain artifacts following a promotion. It represents a very real although often informal set of software repositories for formal "release" levels  , commonly employed by larger software organizations. In addition to the traditional causes like sort  , duplicate elimination and aggregates  , the value of a variable must be materialized in three cases: when the variable is used multiple times in the query  , when the variable is used inside a loop FOR  , sort or quantifiers  , or when the variable is an input of a recursive function. Nevertheless  , some queries require data materialization and/or blocking. Another cause for materialization is backward navigation that cannot be transformed into forward navigation. Equations 1-5 represent a few simple formulas that are used in this study. Assume a scoring function exists ϕ· exists that calculates the similarity between a query document q and a search result r. We then define a set of ranking formulas Ψϕ  , T  that assign scores to documents based on both the similarity score ϕ and the search result tree T produced through the recursive search. In order to build our recursive calculations  , we first find an expression for the joint accelerations as a function of the acceleration of the platform and the reaction efforts  , next we find an expression for the reaction efforts as a function of the acceleration of the platform and  , finally  , we find an expression of the acceleration of the platform. We cannot extend the Featherstone method to the walking robots as easily as we extended Walker and Orin's method  , because we have also to consider the acceleration of point 0 0 and the contact efforts. As we shall see below  , global rules are very useful for customizing the translation -the user can add to the system global rules defining special treatment for specific subtrees in the data  , while the rest of the data is handled in a standard manner by the other predefined rules of the system. While our method of analyzing procedures has been motivated by the desire to Rave no restrictions on storage sharing and to proceed with minimal a-priori specifications about the program  , it allows us to model such language features as generic modes  , procedLre variables  , parameters of type procedure  , a simulated callby-name parameter mechanism and a user-accessible evaluating function. At the present time we have no general solvers for recursive procedures; however  , for regular recursion many of the loop solving techniques are applicable. A first-order database is a function-free first-order theory in which the extensional database EDB  , corresponding to the data in relations  , is a set of ground having no variables positive unit clauses. Recursive Queries It is assumed that the reader is familiar with the relationship between lagic programming and relational databases BRO84  , GAL83  , JAR84  , REI78a  , REI78b and the resolution principle in theorem proving ROB65. The other is the effect of the coordinate transforma­ tion Zi+l = Xi+l -cq X i on the Razumikhin con­ dition. Member function B is virtual in P and since it is redefined in M  , it is virtual-redefined in R. Member function C is redefined in R since its implementation is changed by M and overrides member function C from P. Finally  , data members i and j in P arc inherited but hidden in R  , which means they cannot be aeeessed by member function defined in the modifier. The modifier for class R contains one real data member  , i  , and three member functions  , A  , B and C. The modifier is combined with P under the inheritance rules to get R. Data memberfloat i is a new attribute in R since is does not appear in P. Member function A that is defined in M  , is a new attribute in R since its argument list does not agree with A's argument list in P. Member function A in P is recursive in R since it is inherited unchanged from P. Thus  , R contains two member functions named A. Also  , the calculation of the object distance is slightly different in the implementation of ARTOO than the formula given in Section 2  , in that no normalization is applied to the elementary distances as a whole: for characters  , booleans  , and reference values the given constants are directly used  , and for numbers and strings the normalization function given in Section 2 is applied to the absolute value of the difference for numbers and to the Levenshtein distance respectively for strings. The implementation of ARTOO solves infinite recursion in the field distance by cutting the recursive calculation after a fixed number of steps 2 in the case of the results presented in the next section . As briefly discussed in Section 2  , the structure irfposedon thedatabasebythedesign- eris representedby amdule graph  , that is  , a labelled directed acyclic gralk whose nodes represent n-cdules  , whose +=s indicate relationships between modules and whose labelling function assigns tags to r&es indicating how the mdule was created. We capture both the dynamic aspzcts of mdule graphs and the new requirements onmdule constructors in the following recursive definition of mdule graphs: DEFINITION 3.1: The set of nrdule graphs  , together with their sets of active modules  , is recursively defined as follws: However  , it is relatively more difficult for global variables as aliasing has to be considered to identify global variable related def-use relations  , and path reduction is not that helpful for global variables; 2 the source operands of the overflowed integer operations are from trusted sources or constants  , but the overflowed data in the two versions with different precisions did have different values at sinks; 3 IntEQ failed to recognized some benign IOs for hashing  , where the data flow paths involve recursive function calls or cross over different object files. Complete data flow information can be gathered for local scalar variables using def-use chains provided by SSA. To maximize the overall log likelihood  , we can maximize each log likelihood function separately. Each log likelihood function relies on one set of parameters. Maximizing the likelihood function is equivalent to maximizing the logarithm of the likelihood function  , so The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. 6 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using submodular function. 5 Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: rerank retrieved questions by query likelihood model system 1 using submodular function Eqn.13. Therefore  , the likelihood function takes on the values zero and -~-only. The likelihood function does not hit the dark shaded fields  4  , 3  and  4  , 4 . To prevent over-fitting  , we add an l1 regularization term to each log likelihood function. After some simple but not obvious algebra  , we obtain the following objective function that is equivalent to the likelihood function: Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. As the feasibility grids represent the crossability states of the environment   , the likelihood fields of the feasibility grids are ideally adequate for deriving the likelihood function for moving objects  , just as the likelihood fields of the occupancy grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. where p m · and p s · denotes the likelihood function for moving objects and stationary object  , respectively. On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. There are several nonadjacent intervals where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value : from the likelihood function alone one can't tell which interval contains the true value for the number of defects in the document. Since log L is a strictly increasing function  , the parameters of Θ which maximize log-likelihood of log L also maximize the likelihood L 31. The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. 4 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Maximal Marginal Relevance: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using MMR. With these feature functions  , we define the objective likelihood function as: Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. This method is common because it gives a concise  , analytical estimate of the parameters based on the data. Maximizing the likelihood function is equivalent to maximizing the logarithm of the likelihood function  , so The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. A likelihood function is constructed assuming a parameter set  , generating a pdf for each sample based on those parameters  , then multiplying all these pdf's together. Thus  , the MAP estimate is the maximum of the following likelihood function. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. The uncertainty is estimated for localization using a local map by fitting a normal distribution to the likelihood function generated. The localization method that we use constructs a likelihood function in the space of possible robot positions. First  , we integrate the likelihood function 25 over Θ to derive a marginal likelihood function only conditioned on the intent bias: Let's examine this updating procedure in more detail. Since the log likelihood function is non-convex  , we use Expectation-Maximization 12  for training. We train the three models by maximizing the log-likelihood of the data. By summing log likelihood of all click sequences  , we get the following log-likelihood function: The exact derivation is omitted to save space. We maximize this likelihood function to estimate the value of μs. 2. Generative model. The likelihood function of a graph GV  , E given the latent labeling is Notice that the likelihood function only applies a " penalty " to regions in the visual range Of the scan; it is Usually computed using ray-tracing. This figure shows a sensor scan dots at the outside  , along with the likelihood function grayly shaded area: the darker a region  , the smaller the likelihood of observing an obstacle. This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . maximize the likelihood that our particular model produced the data. where µi ∈ R denotes a user-specific offset. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as when assuming that n defects are contained in the document . Note that the likelihood function is just a function and not a probability distribution. The inspection result is assumed to be fixed. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as  Binary actions with r ij ∈ {−1  , 1}. In such a case  , the objective function degenerates to the log-likelihood function of PLSA with no regularization. Let us first consider the special case when λ = 0. However   , the biggest difference to most methods in the second category is that Pete does not assume any panicular dishhution for the data or the error function. It does have an analogy to the generalized likelihood ratio test Z  when the error function is the log-likelihood function. Essentially  , we take the ratio of the greatest likelihood possible given our hypothesis  , to the likelihood of the best " explanation " overall. The concept of a likelihood function can easily be used to statistically test a given hypothesis  , by applying the likelihood ratio test. The second potential function of the MRF likelihood formulation is the one between pairs of reviewers . Pair Potentials. The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. The first assumption in 12 requires that The deviance is a comparative statistic. The ζµi; yi is the log-likelihood function for the model being estimated. This ranking function treats weights as probabilities. Hence  , the likelihood of a value assignment being useful  , is computed as: The likelihood function Eq. where the measurements {Ri  , z ;} are assumed to be independent given the object state Xt. We use MLE method to estimate the population of web robots. The likelihood function for the t observations is: likelihood function. This problem is equivalent to finding K that maximizes the probability of generating new data  , i.e. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function  , ω and α in Eq. This section introduces the optimization methodology on Riemannian manifolds. Considering the log-likelihood function f : SO3 → R given by In the case of discrete data the likelihood measures the probability of observing the given data as a function of θ θ θ. In practice it is usually easier to equivalently maximize the log-likelihood: For a single query session  , the likelihood pC|α is computed by integrating out the Ri with uniform priors and the examination variables Ei. Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is Operating in the log-likelihood domain allows us to fit the peak with a second-order polynomial. We approximate the peak in the likelihood function as a normal distribution. is the multi-dimensional likelihood function of the object being in all of the defined classes and all poses given a particular class return. c z  ⊤ for object i then the joint likelihood is This is illustrated in Figure 3. This vector is the mean direction of the prediction PDF  , The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. The combined likelihood function for pixel v  , pv  , is simply the product of the three individual likelihood functions. Then 0 is determined from the mean value function. We will take an approach that estimates the product ~b = X00 by using a conditional joint density function as the likelihood function. We report the logarithm of the likelihood function  , averaged over all observations in the test set. The log-likelihood metric shows how well a time model explains the observed times between user actions. The marginal likelihood is obtained by integrating out hence the term marginal  the utility function values fi  , which is given by: This means optimizing the marginal likelihood of the model with respect to the latent features and covariance hyperparameters. Figure 10shows the likelihood and loop closure error as a function of EM iteration. The likelihood of the data increases with each iteration  , and the loop closure error decreases  , improving significantly from a baseline static M-estimator. We have found that for our data set JCBB 21  , where the likelihood function is based on the Mahalanobis distance and number of associations is sufficient  , however other likelihood models could be used. We then refine the association matrix probabilistically. The log-likelihood function could be represented as:   , YN }  , we need to estimate the optimal model setting Θ = {λ k } K k=1   , which maximizes the conditional likelihood defined in Eq1 over the training set. This type of detection likelihood has the form of  , A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. To centre the mean of the RGB likelihood function on the fingertips  , two additional likelihood functions are introduced. This difference in estimated hand position could cause the tracked state's posterior distribution  , belx  , to unstably fluctuate. Since there is no closed-form solution for maximizing the likelihood with respect to its parameters  , the maximization has to be performed numerically. maximum expected likelihood is indeed the true matching σI . We explain our choice of the function φ and hence our specific weight function wu  , v by showing that the weight of a matching is proportional to its log likelihood  , and the matching with maximum expected weight i.e. We also report the logarithm of the likelihood function LM  for each click model M   , averaged over all query sessions S in the test set all click models are learned to optimize the likelihood function : Lower values of perplexity correspond to higher quality of a model. However  , even if T does not accurately measure the likelihood that a page is good  , it would still be useful if the function could at least help us order pages by their likelihood of being good. In practice  , it is very hard to come up with a function T with the previous property. The combined query likelihood model with submodular function yields significantly better performance on the TV dataset for both ROUGE and TFIDF cosine similarity metrics. The results achieved by query likelihood models with the submodular function are promising compared with conventional diversity promotion technique. For a given camera and experimental setup  , this likelihood function can be computed analytically more details in Sections III-E and III-F. The first term in the above integrand is the measurement likelihood function  , which depends on the projection geometry and the noise model. The permutation test method Pete differs significantly from methods in the first category since it does not assign any data-independent cost to model complexity. Since the confidence level is low  , the interval estimate is to be discarded. Since it is often difficult to work with such an unwieldy product as L  , the value which is typically maximized is the loglikelihood This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . If the samples are spaced reasonably densely which is easily done with only a few dozen samples  , one can guarantee that the global maximum of the likelihood function can be found. Our approach performs gradient descent using each sample as a starting point  , then computes the goodness of the result using the obvious likelihood function. The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. The first is a distance transform  , where the likelihood  , p d   , of a registered pixel  , v  , depends on its 3D distance to the closest edge  , edgev. In this paper a squared exponential covariance function is optimised using conjugate gradient descent. The GP utility model can be trained by minimising the negative log marginal likelihood of the GP with respect to the hyperparameters of the covariance function. Likewise  , for the example in section 1.4  , the objective function at our desirable solutions is 0.5  , and have value 0.25 for the unpartitioned case. For example  , the value of the likelihood function corresponding to our desirable parameter values where class A generates t1  , class B generates t2  , class N generates t3 is 2 −4 while for a solution where class A generates the whole document d1 and class B generates the whole document d2  , the value of the likelihood function is 2 −8 . In this case  , we can use a conditional joint density function as the likelihood function. Then  , the number of failures experienced in 0 ,re will be a random variable. This is a function of three variables: To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. The role of this function is to force that reviewers who have collaborated on writing favorable reviews  , end up in the same cluster. We use the gradient decent method to optimize the objective function. Learning RFG is to estimate the remaining free parameters θ  , which maximizes the log-likelihood objective function Oθ. We could still use the gradient decent method to solve the objective function. Learning the TRFG model is to estimate a parameter configuration θ = {α}  , {β}  , {μ} to maximize the log-likelihood objective function Oα  , β  , μ. Then the likelihood function of an NHPP is given by Let θ be given by the time-dependent parameter sets  , θ = θ1  , θ2  , · · ·   , θI . Since the parameters are estimated based on actual sensor data e.g. , laser range measurements  , the parameter likelihood function involves the definition of a sensor model. We compared the resulting ranking to the set of input rankings. We then found the parameter values that maximized the likelihood function above. As the experiment progresses from Fig. The evolution of the likelihood function Lθm with respect to the signal source location x s after n samples. denotes the observation vector up to t th frame. py t |x t  indicates the observation model which is a likelihood function in essence. The score function to be maximized involves two parts: i the log-likelihood term for the inliers  The problem is thus an optimization problem. If the function is SUM  , the likelihood of a multi-buffer replacement decreases rapidly with the number of pages. If the function is MIN  , for example  , the first overlay set found would be selected. This function fills the role of Hence the quantity In the next section  , a probabilistic membership function PMF on the workspace is developed which describes the likelihood of sensing the object at a given location. This function selects a particle at random  , with a likelihood of selection proporational to the particle's normalized weight. Then  , each particle state is repopulated by randomly selecting from {X p } temp using the function RandP article. Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is The exact derivation is similar to 15 and is omitted. As specified above  , when an unbiased model is constructed  , we estimate the value of μs for each session. Here  , the likelihood function that we Consider first the case when one feature is implemented at time ¼. Then the likelihood function  , i.e. , the joint probability distribution  , of observing such data is , the joint probability distribution  , of observing such data is Let Ë ´µ be the order statistics of the repair times. A ranking function for Global Representation is the same as query likelihood: This is one of the simplest and most widely used methods 1  , 4. We cannot derive a closed-form solution for the above optimization problem. The first derivative and second derivative of the log-likelihood function can be derived as Following the likelihood principle  , one determines P d  , P zjd  , and P wjz b y maximization of the logglikelihood function 77. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood An exemplary segmentation result obtained by applying this saturation feature to real data is shown in figure 3b. Larger values of the metric indicate better performance. However  , achieving this is computationally intractable. Model selection criteria usually assumes that the global optimal solution of the log-likelihood function can be obtained. We show log-likelihood as a function of the number of components. The difference between orderings is much smaller for GMG/AKM than for Scalable EM. Assume that the observed data is generated from our generative model. In order to estimate Θ  , we generally introduce the log-likelihood function defined as Such cases call for alternative methods for deriving statistically efficient estimators. However  , in many cases  , MLE is computationally expensive or even intractable if the likelihood function is complex. Consider that data D consists of a series of observations from all categories. The likelihood can be written as a function of We want to find the θs that maximize the likelihood function: Let θ r j i be the " relevance coefficient " of the document at rank rji. Given the training data  , we maximize the regularized log-likelihood function of the training data with respect to the model  , and then obtain the parameterˆλparameterˆ parameterˆλ. , N . The likelihood function formed by assuming independence over the observations: That is  , the coefficients that make our observed results most " likely " are selected. The first derivative and second derivative of the log-likelihood function can be derived as it can be computed by any gradient descent method. We now present the form of the likelihood function appearing in Eqs. To model the existence of outliers  , we employ the total probability theorem to obtain Here  , the likelihood function that we In Phase B  , we estimate the value of μs for each session based on the parameters Θ learned in Phase A. The likelihood function of collected data is So  , we confine our-selves to a very brief overview and refer the reader to 25  , 32 for more details. The parameter is determined using the following likelihood function: The center corresponds to the location where the word appears most frequently. This joint likelihood function is defined as: 3 is replaced by a joint class distribution for both the labeled samples and the unlabeled samples with high confidence scores. where both parameters µ and Σ can be estimated using the simple maximum-likelihood estimators for each frame. First we calculate the function: The log-likelihood function of Gumbel based on random sample x1  , x2  , . We explain the difficulty with Gumbel distribution only similar argument holds for Frechet. We compute this likelihood for all the clusters. The parameters of that function are the mean value and standard deviation that we have found in the learning stage. 6. The system using limited Ilum­ ber of samples would easily break down. Consider the enormous state space  , and a likelihood function with rather narrow peaks. Figure 7b graphs log-likelihood as a function of autocorrelation. Training set size was varied at the following levels {25  , 49  , 100  , 225  , 484  , 1024  , 5041}. Autocorrelation was varied to approximate the following levels {0.0  , 0.25  , 0.50  , 0.75  , 1.0}. We plot two different metrics – RMS deviation and log-likelihood of the maximum-marginal interpretation – as a function of iteration . Results from this experiment appear in Figure 5. In this section we address RQ3: How can we model the effect of explanations on likelihood ratings ? The density function h for the ratings can be written as: The likelihood function is a statistical concept. In the following subsections  , we will briefly describe a probability model to fit the observed data. It is defined as the theoretical probability of observing the data at hand  , given the underlying model. After the integration  , we can maximize the following log-likelihood function with the relative weight λ. If λ approaches to 1  , we rely heavily on the training data. Learning the combination weight w can be conducted by maximizing the log-likelihood function using the iterative reweighted least squares method. where w denotes the combination weight vector. For convenience  , we work with logarithms: The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. b With learning  , using the full trajectory likelihood function: large error in final position estimate. a ,e Without learning: robot expects object to move straight forward. is equal to the probability density function reflecting the likelihood that the reachability-distance of p w.r.t. Finally  , holds due to the product rule for differentiation. with match probability S as per equation 1  , the likelihood function becomes a binomial distribution with parameters n and S. If M m  , n is the random variable denoting m matches out of n hash bit comparisons  , then the likelihood function will be: Let us denote the similarity simx  , y as the random variable S. Since we are counting the number of matches m out of n hash comparison  , and the hash comparisons are i.i.d. In addition   , subpixel localization is performed in the discretized pose space by fitting a surface to the peak which occurs at the most likely robot position. Since the likelihood function measures the probability that each position in the pose space is the actual robot position  , the uncertainty in the localization is measured by the rate at which the likelihood function falls off from the peak. Using this probabilistic formulation of the localization problem  , we can estimate the uncertainty in the localization in terms of both the variance of the estimated positions and the probability that a qualitative failure has occurred. This model completely eliminates the problem of not rewarding term partitioning adequately  , that this paper has dealt with. In addition  , we can perform subpixel localization in the discretized pose space by fitting a surface to the peak that occurs at the most likely robot position. The uncertainty in the localization is estimated in terms of both the variance of the estimated positions and the probability that a qualitative failure has occurred. With {πi} N i=1 free to estimate  , we would indeed allocate higher weights on documents that predict the query well in our likelihood function; presumably  , these documents are also more likely to be relevant. Leaving {πi} N i=1 free is important  , because what we really want is not to maximize the likelihood of generating the query from every document in the collection  , instead  , we want to find a λ that can maximize the likelihood of the query given relevant documents. The torque-based function measured failure likelihood and force-domain effects; the acceleration-based function measured immediate failure dynamics; and the swing-angle-based function measured susceptibility to secondary damage after a failure. This article defined three cost functions which quantitatively reflected the susceptibility of a manipulator to a free-swinging joint failure. It is easy to note that when ς=0  , then the objective function is the temporally regularized log likelihood as in equation 5. where the parameter ς controls the balance between the likelihood using the multinomial theme model and the smoothness of theme distributions over the participant graph. 2  , this implies that one can compare the likelihood functions for each of the three examples shown in this figure. This is a powerful result because both the structure and internal density parameters can be optimized and compared using the same likelihood function. Considering Fig. Due to its penalty for free parameters  , AIC is optimized at a lower k than the loglikelihood ; though more complex models may yield higher likelihood  , AIC offers a better basis for model averaging 3. Our motivation for using AIC instead of the raw log-likelihood is evident from the different extrema that each function gives over the domain of candidate models. Moreover  , we may draw random samples around the expecta­ tion so as to effectively cover the peak areas of the real likelihood function. Generally  , we can assume that a likelihood func­ tion pXtIR;  , Zi  would reach maximum at the expec­ tation Exi IR;  , �; given an observation. The last two prefix-global features are similar to likelihood features 7 and 8  , but here they can modify the ranking function explicitly rather than merely via the likelihood term. In the learning-to-rank approach  , we additionally have the following prefix-global features cf. The pairs with the highest likelihood can then be expected to represent instances of succession. The succession measure defined on the domain of developer pairs can be thought of as a likelihood function reflecting the probability that the first developer has taken over some or all of the responsibilities of the second developer. We follow the typical generative model in Information Retrieval that estimates the likelihood of generating a document given a query  , pd|q. Blog post opinion retrieval aims at developing an effective retrieval function that ranks blog posts according to the likelihood that they are expressing an opinion about a particular topic. 'Alternative schemes  , such as picking the minimum distance among those locations I whose likelihood is above a certain threshold are not guaranteed to yield the same probabilistic bound in the likelihood of failure. TWO examples of P  d  as a function of d. See text. We use the Predict function in the rms R package 19 to plot changes in the estimated likelihood of defect-proneness while varying one explanatory variable under test and holding the other explanatory variables at their median values. We then examine the explanatory variables in relation to the predicted likelihood of module defect-proneness. The log-likelihood function splits with respect to any consumption of any user  , so there is ample room for parallelizing these procedures. Thus  , we employ a block coordinate descent method  , using a standard gradient descent procedure to maximize the likelihood with respect to w or s or T . It has been shown that the Maximum- Likelihood Estimator MLE is asymptotically efficient as it can achieve the Cramer-Rao lower bound with increasing sample sizes. As previously discussed  , the problem of the BM method 21 is that inaccuracies in the map lead to non-smooth values of the likelihood function  , with drastic variations for small displacements in the robot pose variable x t . It remains to be described how to evaluate the individual likelihood values. In summary  , query likelihood model incorporating answers is able to yield better summarization performance when the vocabulary size of the answer collection is moderate . The observation likelihood is computed once for each of the samples  , so tracking becomes much more computationally feasible. The observation likelihood can be estimated by summing the probability that each pixel in the target region does not belong to the model and by using the exponential function  , as in 27  , to obtain a probability estimate. Inference and learning in these models is typically intractable  , and one must resort to approximate methods for both. These models are then trained in a discriminative way  , usually with the goal of maximizing the likelihood of data under a parametrized likelihood function. During the E-step we compute the expectations for latent variable assignments using parameter values from the previous iteration and in the M-step  , given the expected assignments we maximize the expected log complete likelihood with respect to the model parameters. We expected the first prefix-global feature to receive a large negative weight  , guided by the intuition that humans would always go directly to the target as soon as this is possible. Analytically  , this probability is identical to the likelihood of the test set  , but instead of maximizing it with respect to the parameters  , the latter are held fixed at the values that maximize the likelihood on the training set. In the context of user behaviors  , the perplexity is a monotonically increasing function of the joint probability of the sessions in the test set. Figure 1shows the log-likelihood and AIC values for all possible dimensionalities on three standard test collections. Instead of assuming an unrealistic measurement uncertainty for each range as previous works do  , we have presented an accurate likelihood model for individual ranges  , which are fused by means of a Consensus Theoretic method. In this paper we have addressed the problem of deriving a likelihood function for highly accurate range scanners. is said the cumulative intensity function and is equivalent to the mean value function of an NHPP  , which means the expected cumulative number of software faults detected by time t. In the classical software reliability modeling  , the main research issue was to determine the intensity function λt; θ  , or equivalently the mean value function Λt; θ so as to fit the software-fault count data. Then the likelihood function of an NHPP is given by Then  , a grid search is used to determine C and α that maximize the likelihood function. We use the center of the most frequent grid as the word center and follow the center finding step as suggested by 9. Generally  , if f x is a multivariate normal density function with mean µ and variancecovariance matrix Σ. This probability is embedded in the complete data likelihood and since all distributions are normal  , P Un ,u|rest is also normal. where αi and α k are Lagrange multipliers of the constraints with respect to pnvj |z k   , we need to consider the original PLSA likelihood function and the user guidance term. 11  , its updating can be got as Since the maximum value is 3 the interval estimate has -yg-  , a high confidence level. As opposed to run A1  , the likelihood function for run B3 has only a single interval where it takes on its maximum value. Results. The output function for each state was estimated by using the training data to compute the maximum-likelihood estimate of its mean and covariance matrix. We made the simplifying assumption that the features were multivariate normal. The first term of the above equation is the likelihood function or the so-called observation model. Here  , we assume the camera trajectory is independent of the feature points. This learning goal is equivalent to maximizing the likelihood of the probabilistic KCCA model 3. With the kernels  , the related function that we need to optimize is given by , For each topic  , we extracted all document pairwise preferences from the top 20 documents retrieved by each system. Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. where N u denotes the friends of user u. Integrating all the factors together  , we obtain the following log-likelihood objective function: We adopt the influences learned in the previous stage as the input factors  , and learn the weighting parameters. In that work  , a deformable template method is used to optimize a likelihood function based on the proposed model. Another research work with different philosophy can be seen in Z where a curve road model was proposed. To obtain a usable likelihood function L  , it is required to collect a sufficient amount of real-world data to approximate the values of µ  , τ  , σ for each distribution D i . We compute the values as follows: However  , finding the central permutation σ that maximizes the likelihood is typically very difficult and in many cases is intractable 21. σ  , the partition function Zφ  , σ can be found exactly. where F is a given likelihood function parameterized by θ. The i-th customer θi sits at table k that already has n k customers with probability n k i−1+λ In some review data sets  , external signals about sentiment polarities are directly available. The E-step and M-step will be alternatively executed until the data likelihood function on the whole collection D converges. We then factorize this probability as follows: the likelihood with which it can occur in other positions in addition to its true position is now defined for all points in the r-closure set of that piece. The weight function of a chess piece i.e. We use the ranking function r to select only the top ten strings for further consideration. We then rank the substrings based on the likelihood of being the correct translation. The estimates from two methods are very close. where Lθ; z is the likelihood function  , θ is the parameter vector  , z is the transformed document length and y represents the unobserved data. The unknown parameter 0 α is a scalar constant term and ' β is a k×1 vector with elements corresponding to the explanatory variables. The likelihood function formed by assuming independence over the observations: When a document d and a query q are given  , the ranking function 1 is the posterior probability that the document multinomial language model generated query5. In this paper  , we rely on the query likelihood model. In this approach  , documents or tweets are scored by the likelihood the query was generated by the document's model. Our basic scoring function adopted Indri's 3 language modeling approach. use dynamic time warping with a cost function based on the log-likelihood of the sequence in question. A minor difference is the handling of time warping: Coates et al. The partial derivates of the scoring function  , with respect to λ and μ  , are computed as follows: Note that we rank according to the log query likelihood in order to simplify the mathematical derivations. Samples are represented by yellow points  , the vector field depicts the gradient of Lθm. The trial concludes when there is a clear global maximum of the likelihood function. We believe this is a novel result in the sense of minimalistic sensing 7 . Note that we have estimated the orientation quite accurately using only measurements of the object class label and a pre-defined heuristic spatial likelihood function. One of the common solutions is to use the posterior probability as opposed to the likelihood function. However  , estimating from one single document is unreliable due to small data samples. In the final step we normalize the previously computed model weight by applying a relative normalization as described in 26. This likelihood function assures a combined matching of model's structure and visual appearance. We select the best landmark for localization by minimizing the expected uncertainty in the robot localization. The likelihood can be written as a function of Purchase times in the observations are generated by using a set of hidden variables θ = {θ 1  , θ2..  , θM } θ m = {βm  , γm}. However  , some tracking artifacts can be seen in Figure 8due to resolution issues in the likelihood function. and 8  , reasonable tracking estimates can be generated from as few as six particles. To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. The greater the value of the ratio  , the stronger our hypothesis is said to be. Then the log-likelihood function of the parameters is We assume that the error ε has a multivariate normal distribution with mean 0 and variance matrix δ 2 I  , where I is an identity matrix of size T . Yet  , the values of the likelihood function provide a simple sort of confidence level for the interval estimates. As a result  , we don't give confidence intervals in this paper. These metafeatures may help the global ranker to distinguish between two documents that get very similar scores by the query likelihood scoring function  , but for very different reasons. , q |Q| have higher probabilities than given the document model for D1. where the optimization of ǫ and σ can be effectively solved via a gradient-based optimizer. Finally  , the distribution of θ is updated with respect to its posterior distribution. We compute the likelihood function P s|θ   , multiply it to the prior distribution pθ  , and derive the posterior distribution pθ|s. The second initialization method gives an adequate and fast initialization for many poses an animal can adopt. We compute the segment association function ζ 1 with help of the likelihood L s j | z i . To get a weighting function representing the likelihood Out of these  , the overall color intensity gradient image I I is set to be the maximum norm of the normalized gradients computed for each color channel see figure 4a. Therefore  , we can utilize convex optimization techniques to find approximate solutions. But  , it is not hard to verify that the log likelihood function Lθ is concave in α and β under the parameter constraints listed in Lemma 3.1. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. where pβ is the prior distribution as in Equation2. Figure 1b illustrates the likelihood function for the path. The dotted line in Figure 1a illustrates a hypothetical path of a contact measurement  , ˆ p  , through the space around the rectangle. We have described a method to select the sensing location for performing mobile robot localization through matching terrain maps. The proposed approach is evaluated on different publicly available outdoor and indoor datasets. An approach for generating and updating the binary vocabulary is presented which is coupled with a simplistic likelihood function to generate loop closure candidates. The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances. Denote these distances D F   , ..  , 0 2 for the robot position X . An exponential likelihood function pDT W ij |c j  is calculated using the DTW distance between every trajectory i and the model trajectory j of the motion. Figure 12shows an example. For the purposes of discussion  , we consider a standard additive model Zt = Zt + Et to capture this noise and define our likelihood function as the product of terms Such artifacts may be considered a form of topological noise. We then rank the documents in the L2 collection using the query likelihood ranking function 14. Given a query Q in the source language L1  , we automatically translate the query using a query translation system into the assisting language L2. reduction of error  , e.g. , the likelihood function  , with respect to the derivates of the errors in a control group  , as the model complexity is increased. However  , permutations are computationally heavy and not necessarily suitable for time critical systems. Ni is the log-likelihood for the corresponding discretization. For the same reason as MDLP  , we denote the goodness function of a given contingency table based on AIC and BIC as follows: The proposed model is fitted by optimizing the likelihood function in an iterative manner. In particular  , the proposed model not only considers the different levels of impact of different advertising channels but also takes time-decaying effect into account. When experimented with the synthetic data and real-world data  , the proposed method makes a good inference of the parameters  , in terms of relative error. The returned score is compared with the score of the original model λ evaluated on the input data of 'splitAttempt'. 1 The 'cvScore' function returns the corresponding estimated log-likelihood of the data. 4 i.e. , the formula without the normalization factor and the exponential function. The un-normalized likelihood difference is calculated by ΔθF = θF Y  − θF Y   , where F Y  is the exponent component of Eq. For GMG  , the plots show the loglikelihoods of models obtained after model size reduction performed using AKM. 2   , we expect that EM will not converge to a reasonable solution due to many local suboptimal maxima in the likelihood function. Use EM to infer group types and estimate the remaining parameters of the model. A standard way of deriving a confidence is to compute the second derivative of the log likelihood function at the MAP solution. It is thus important to know the confidence associated with these values. We consider fitting such a function to each user individually . Earlier work finds that the likelihood to re-consume an item that was consumed i steps ago falls off as a power law in i  , attenuated by an exponential cutoff. We integrate over all the parameters except μs to derive the likelihood function PrC1:m|μs. According to the method mentioned above  , as a new session is loaded for training  , there are three steps to execute: 1. 1 Several of the design metrics are ratios and many instances show zero denominators and therefore undefined values. In this way  , we insure that undefined instances will not affect the calculation of the likelihood function. Therefore  , in order to address the problem  , we replaced the undefined values with zeros and calculated the coefficients from this modified data set. The component π k acts as the prior of the clusters' distribution   , which adjusts the belief of relevance according to each cluster. Given that model  , the likelihood function for the training dataset with respect to one query is as follows. The orientation estimate is non-ambiguous in this case since we exploited inter-class confusion. This problem's inherent structure allows for efficiency in the maximization procedure. and from the numerical point of view  , it is often preferable to work with the log-likelihood function. With respect to E  , the log-likelihood function is a maximum when = due to the fact that is positive definite. Therefore  , the MLE was determined to be unsuitable for RCG parameter esti- mation. To make our problem simpler both from an analytical and a numerical standpoint  , we work with the natural logarithm of the likelihood function: Now  , we can try to solve the optimization problem formulated by Equation 7. The EM approach indeed produced significant error reductions on the training dataset after just a few iterations. In the rest of the paper  , we will omit writing the function Ψ for notational simplicity. This likelihood depends on the class associated to the feature and in general is different among the features. The sample-based representation directly facilitates the optimization of  I I  using gradient descent. A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. Every sensor can be modelled differently with varying level of model complexity. c Learning on unlocked table: robot correctly estimates a mass and friction that reproduce the observed trajectory. If there is a probabilistic model for the additional input and the scan matching function is a negative log likelihood  , then integration is straightforward. It can also be used directly as a prior for guiding scan matching. A state update method asynchronously combines depth and RGB measurement updates to maintain a temporally consistent hand state. An RGB likelihood function is applied to weigh the probability of samples belonging to the hand. The mean of this combined likelihood function will lie over the fingertips  , as desired: p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. Under this alternate objective  , we try to maximize the function: This objective therefore controls for the overall likelihood of a bad event rather than controlling for individual bad events. We omit the details of the derivation dealing with these difficulties and just state the parameters of the resulting vMF likelihood function: are not allowed to take any possible angle in Ê n−1 . 2 The loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model 18   , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. We describe different ways to represent the diversity score. We evaluated the ranking using both the S-precision and WSprecision measures. The same query-likelihood relevance value function is also used to produce a ranking of all the relevant documents  , which we use as our baseline. The probability of a repeat click as a function of elapsed time between identical queries can be seen in Figure 5. We looked at how the elapsed time between equal-query queries affected the likelihood of observing a repeat click. In general  , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~  , Which importance one gives to predicting terms relative to predicting links may depend on the specific application . The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. Denote these distances Of  , ..  , 0 ," for the robot position X . The belief update then proceeds as follows: This formulation of the observation function models the fact that a robot can detect a target with the highest likelihood when it is close to the target. Perplexity is a monotonically decreasing function of log-likelihood  , implying that lower perplexity is better since the model can explain the data better. In the case of UCI dataset  , m i is the same for all instances in each dataset. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. It allows us to estimate the models easily because model parameter inference can be done without evaluating the likelihood function. They noted that optimization of the conditional likelihood function is computationally infeasible due to the complexity of structure search. They showed that the resulting model is more accurate than its generative counterpart. They can be modelled by a probability density function indicating the likelihood that an object is located at a certain position cf. Fuzzy object representations  , also denoted simply as fuzzy objects   , occur in many different application ranges. This effect can also be seen as a function of rank  , where friendships are assumed to be independent of their explicit distance. First  , we examine the relationship between proximity and friendship  , observing that  , as expected  , the likelihood of friendship drops monotonically as a function of distance. Note that a function T with the threshold property does not necessarily provide an ordering of pages based on their likelihood of being good. Otherwise  , we cannot tell anything about p. Such a function T would at least be capable of telling us that some subset of pages with a trust score above δ is good. In HSI  , for each singer characteristic model  , a logistic function is used as a combination function C s to derive an overall likelihood score. The main reason for using LR to estimate parameters is that few statistical assumptions are required for its use and 0  , 0  , ..  , 0 and q 0 = 0.5  , 0.5  , ..  , 0.5 ; Treating V r as required nodes  , V s as steiner nodes  , and the log-likelihood function as the weight function  , WPCT sp approximately computes an undirected minimum steiner tree T . It then constructs node sets V r = {v|v  , t ∈ X}  , and V s = V \ V r . When ς=1  , then the objective function yields themes which are smoothed over the participant co-occurrence graph. It is easy to note that when ς=0  , then the objective function is the temporally regularized log likelihood as in equation 5. In the above optimization problem we have added a function Rθ which is the regularization term and a constant α which can be varied and allows us to control how much regularization to apply. To choose the optimal value of α we simply choose the value which maximizes an objective function  , in this case the log likelihood of the heldout data. To achieve better optimization results  , we add an L2 penalty term to the location and time deviations in our objective function in addition to the log likelihood. The goal of this M step is to find the latent variables in Θ that maximize this objective function. A new parameter estimate is then computed by minimizing the objective function given the current values of T s = is the negative log likelihood function to be minimized. First  , the missing label t i is replaced by its expected value under the current parameter estimate  , θ s . The second scoring function computes a centrality measure based on the geometric mean of term generation probabilities  , weighted by their likelihood in the entry language model no centrality computation φCONST E  , F  = 1.0 and the centrality component of our model using this scoring function only serves to normalize for feed size. This worked well when the demonstrations were all very similar  , but we found that our weighted squared-error cost function with rate-change penalty yielded better alignments in our setting  , in which the demonstrations were far less similar in size and time scale. In general  , a likelihood function is a function which is used to measure the goodness of fit of a statistical model to actual data. Our description offLik is heavily influenced by a similar statistical test based on the loglikelihood ratio described by Dunning  5  . Note that the parameters θz|d  , γz|u and φw|z are probability values and thus we have the constraints of Equations Ideally  , this function will be monotonic with discrepancy in the joint angle space. The likelihood function pzt | g −1 i yit  can be any reasonable choice for comparing the hypothesized observations from a latent space particle and the sensor observations. The sensor model for stationary objects can then be expressed as the dual function of the sensor model for moving objects  , which can be written as On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. Segmentations to piecewise constant functions were done with the greedy top-down method  , and the error function was the sum of squared errors which is proportional to log-likelihood function with normal noise. The following parameters were used in estimating the number of segments. A cutoff value p 5 0.05 was used to decide whether to continue segmentation. To produce the bounds for our quadratic programming formulation of APA  , we return to the fact from Section 3.3 that the likelihood function for an estimate for cell i is based on the normal probability density function g. As is stated in nearly every introductory statistics textbook  , 99.7% of the total mass of the normal probability density function is found within three standard deviations of the origin . We can use this fact to develop reasonable bounds for our estimate of . While bearing a resemblance to multi-modal metric learning which aims at learning the similarity or the distance measure from multi-modal data  , the multi-modal ranking function is generally optimized by an evaluation criterion or a loss function defined over the permutation space induced by the scoring function over the target documents. The aforementioned approaches  , either optimizing the similarity distance between pairs of samples or optimizing the likelihood of the topic models  , do not optimize for the final ranking performance directly. Although the above update rule does not follow the gradient of the log-likelihood of data exactly  , it approximately follows the gradient of another objective function 2. It is shown that in 11  , under this greedy training strategy  , we always get a better model ph for hidden representations of the original input data if the number of features in the added layer does not decrease  , and the following varational lower bound of the log-likelihood of the observed input data never decreases. On each axis  , the likelihood probability gets projected as a continuous numeric function with maximum possible score of 1.0 for a value that is always preferred  , and a score of 0.0 for a value that is absent from the table. For a value of a property  , the likelihood probability is calculated as P 'value | pref erred based on the frequency count table of that column. The geometric mean has a nice interpretation as the reciprocal of the average likelihood of the dataset being generated by the model  , assuming that the individual samples are i.i.d. , A higher likelihood of generating the dataset from the model implies a lower amount of privacy. We can now define the privacy  , È´µÈ´µ of a dataset with respect to the model as some function of the privacy of the individual data objects. As mentioned earlier  , a 3D-NDT model can be viewed as a probability density function  , signifying the likelihood of observing a point in space  , belonging to an object surface as in 4 Instead of maximizing the likelihood of a discrete set of points M as in the previous subsection   , the registration problem is interpreted as minimizing the distance between two 3D-NDT models M N DT F and M N DT M. With this parameterization of λt  , maximum-likelihood estimates of model parameters can be numerically calculated efficiently no closed form exists due to the integral term in Equation 6. As the activity function at from the previous section can be interpreted as a relative activity rate of the ego  , an appropriate modeling choice is λ 0 t ∝ at  , learning the proportionality factor via maximum-likelihood. The coefficients C.'s will be estimated through the maximi- ' zation of a likelihood function  , built in the usual fashion  , i.e. , as the product of the probabilities of the single observations   , which are functions of the covariates whose values are known in the observations and the coefficients which are the unknowns. 2 when a variable entirely differentiates error-prone software parts  , then the curve approximates a step function. This function is used in the classification step and represents the probability of a motion trajectory being at a certain DTW distance from the model trajectory  , given that it belongs to this class of motions c j . For mathematical convenience  , l=lnL  , the loglikelihood  , is usually the function to be maximized. The coefficients co and cl are estimated through the maximization of a likelihood function L  , built in the usual fashion   , i.e. , as the product of the probabilities of the single observations  , which are functions of the covariates whose values are known in the observations and the coefficients which are the unknowns. When X entirely differentiates fault-prone software parts  , then the curve approximates a step function. Combining these two values using a weighted sum function  , a final function value is calculated for every image block  , and the image block is categorized into one of the three classes: picture  , text  , and background. Besides  , the likelihood of the wavelet coefficients being composed of highly concentrated values is calculated because the histogram of wavelet coefficients in a text block tends to have several concentrated values while that of a photograph does not. Since the resulting NHPP-based SRM involves many free parameters   , it is well known that the commonly used optimization technique such as the Newton method does not sometimes work well. However  , it is not true because the likelihood function is represented as the product of the probabilities that the debugging history in respective incremental system testing can be realized. From the likelihood function corresponding to a particular observed inspection result one can compute estimates for the number of defects contained in the document in a standard way. The interval estimate is the range of numbers which most likely contains the true number N of defects in the document. As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. It is instructive to formulate an expression for the upper bound on search repository quality. The child in the central position controlled the 'next page' function in each case observed  , without input from the other users  , except in cases where the mouse-controlling child was too slow in clicking over to the next page. In addition  , the seating likelihood of better classroom performers in central positions discussed later made the pace variation an important issue for mouse control. Due to space constraints  , the examples in this paper focus around the reliability requirement  , defined as the likelihood of loss of aircraft function or critical failure is required to be less than 10 -9 per flight hour 10 . Reliability  , availability  , and fault tolerance were identified as primary concerns for the flight control systems of both the Airbus and Boeing. The recent rapid expansion of access to information has significantly increased the demands on retrieval or classification of sentiment information from a large amount of textual data. Therefore   , ranking according to the likelihood of containing sentiment information is expected to serve a crucial function in helping users. This global objective function is hard to evaluate. Using Equation 2 we define the information content of our final set of N chosen constraint as the increase in likelihood due to the new expected values after all the N constraints have been applied to the data. Table 3shows these results. CombMNZ requires for each r a corresponding scoring function sr : D → R and a cutoff rank c which all contribute to the CombMNZ score:  We also computed the difference between RRF and individual MAP scores  , 95% confidence intervals  , and p-value likelihood under the null hypothesis that the difference is 0. where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }  , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. In survival models  , the response time ∆ i is modeled with a survival function Table 1describes how the scoring function is computed by each method. We compare four methods for identifying entity aspects: TF. IDF  , the log-likelihood ratio LLR 2  , parsimonious language models PLM 3 and an opinion-oriented method OO 5 that extracts targets of opinions to generate a topic-specific sentiment lexicon; we use the targets selected during the second step of this method. Mukhopadyay et al. 24 proposed a qualitative model of search engine choice that is a function of the search engine brand  , the loyalty of a user to a particular search engine at a given time  , user exposure to banner advertisements  , and the likelihood of a within-session switch from the engine to another engine. Analogous to 4  , our key observation is that even if the domains are different between the training and test datasets  , they are related and still share similar topics from the terms. This model also shows the potential ability to correct the order of a question list by promoting diversified results on the camera dataset. Another widely used ranking function  , referred to as Occ L   , is defined by ranking terms according to their number of occurrences  , and breaking the ties by the likelihood. This confirms Daille's assertion that loglikelihood is the best measure for the detection of terms 4. We define our ranking in Section 4.1 and describe its offline and online computation components in Sections 4.2 and 4.3  , respectively. For this  , we designed a scoring function to quantify the likelihood that a specific user would rate a specific attraction highly and then ranked the candidates accordingly. A number of studies have investigated sentiment classification at document level  , e.g. , 7  , 2  , and at sentence level  , e.g. , 4  , 5  , 6 ; however   , the accuracy is still less than desirable. In a uniform environment  , one might set $q = VolumeQ-l  , whereas a non-uniform 4 would be appropriate to monitor targets that navigate over preidentified areas with high likelihood. The measure 4 plays the role of an " information density " or of a probability density function. The code generator or translator produces a sequence of function calls in Adept's robot programming language  , V+  , that implement the given plan in our workcell. This use of skeletal procedures has been used in LAMA lo and AUTOPASS 8 unlike those systems  , we do not simulate the proposed operations to assess their likelihood of success. The importance factor is a weighting for particles that indicates the likelihood of the particle state being the true vehicle state. By referring to the feature map  , each particle can determine the relative orientation of features observable in its field of view as a function of bearing The second is a hand likelihood function over the whole RGB image that is computed quickly  , but with higher false positives. The first is a hand detector using depth images  , that provides a single value hand estimate with high precision but lower speed. Specifically  , we assume that there exists a probability density function p : Π → 0  , 1   , that models the likelihood of each possible trajectory in Π being selected by each evader. The motion model reflects a behavior that the evaders are likely to exhibit throughout the run. We iterate over the following two steps: 1 The E-Step: define an auxiliary function Q that calculates the expected log likelihood of the complete data given the last estimate of our model  , ˆ θ: In the next section we will provide an example of how the approach can be implemented. where Z = Z α Z β is a normalization factor; |V | is the set of users to whom we try to recommend friends and |C| is the candidate list for each user; θ = {α}  , {β} indicates a parameter configuration. More specifically  , our approach assigns to each distance value t  , a density probability value which reflects the likelihood that the exact object reachability distance is equal to t cf. In our approach  , we assign to each object in the seedlist not a single reachability value but a fuzzy object reachability function. Note that the comparison is fair for all practical purposes  , since the LD- CNB models use only one additional parameter compared to CNB. One of the early influential work on diversification is that of Maximal Marginal Relevance MMR presented by Carbonell and Goldstein in 5. The work on diversification of search results has looked into similar objectives as ours where the likelihood of the user finding at least one result relevant in the result set forms the basis of the objective function. Here mission similarity refers to the likelihood that two queries appear in the same mission   , while missions are sequences of queries extracted from users' query logs through a mission detector. It extracted topics based on a pre-defined topic similarity function  , which considered both semantic similarity and mission similarity. Second  , we use this distribution to derive the maximum-likelihood location of individuals with unknown location and show that this model outperforms data provided by geolocation services based on a person's IP address. We show how the function s may be estimated in a manner similar to the one used for w above  , and we empirically compare the performance of the recency-based model versus the quality-based model. Next  , we consider a quality-based model  , where the likelihood of consuming item e is proportional to a per-item quality score se. P is a function that describes the likelihood of a user transitioning to state s after being in state s and being allocated task a. R describes the reward associated with a user in state s and being allocated task a. The action space A is comprised of all tasks that the system can allocate to the user. This equation is not jointly convex in w  , s  , and T   , but it is convex in each function with the other two fixed. We treat this as a ranking problem and find the top-k followers who are most likely to retweet a given post. Given a tweet t from user u and her followers F ollowersu  , our goal is to learn a function F that estimates the likelihood of follower fi fi ∈ F olloweru retweeting t in future. We would expect that in the first case  , the learned model would look very similar to baseline query likelihood efficient but not effective. On the other hand  , if the focus is to learn the most effective ranking function possible disregarding efficiency   , then we can use a constant efficiency value. The structure of such a tree should ideally be determined with reference to some cost function which takes into account such parameters as the likelihood of a given error occurring  , the time taken to test for its presence and the time and financial cost in recovery. or "what is the most likely cause of the error ?" Unfortunately   , this weight update will often cause all but a few particles' weights to tend to zero after repeated updating  , even with the most carefully-chosen proposal distribution 7. which only requires knowledge and evaluation of the measurement likelihood function p zk |χ i k to update the particles' weights with new sensor measurements. Using the observation model and the likelihood function discussed in section II  , we formulate  , when N O = 1: To compute this number  , we first must be able to computê N H e r k |h i   , as the expected number of remaining hypotheses if the robot moves to e r k given that h i is the true position hypothesis. The derivation of the gradient and the Hessian of the log-likelihood function are described below specifically for the SO3 manifold. While the former is easier to derive and implement  , the Newton method yields very fast convergence near the minimum. Assuming that the training labels on instance j make its state path unambiguous   , let s j denote that path  , then the first-derivative of the log-likelihood is L-BFGS can simply be treated as a black-box optimization procedure  , requiring only that one provide the firstderivative of the function to be optimized. In addition   , it also demotes the general question which was ranked at the 8th position  , because it is not representative of questions asking product aspects. The re-ranking function is able to promote one question related to RAW files  , which is not included in the candidate question set retrieved by query likelihood model. A fast computation of the likelihood  , based on the edge distance function  , was used for the similarity measurement between the CAD data and the obtained microscopic image. In this paper  , we proposed a robust  , efficient visual forceps tracking method under a microscope using the projective contour models of the 3-D CAD model of the robotic forceps. Thus  , whenever N i is located in the occupied region of a reading  , the likelihood of the reading is approximately the maximum. That is  , the single quadratic function of 16 is considered to be minimized when |z i − dN i | ≤ β. We modify it for the purpose of automatic relevance detection  , which can be interpreted as embedded feature selection performed automatically when optimizing over the parameters of the kernel to maximize the likelihood: After empirically evaluating a number of kernel functions used in common practice  , in our implementation  , we exploit the rational quadratic function. This is done via a large number of line search optimizations in the hyperparameter space using the GPML package's minimi ze function from hundreds of random seed points  , including the best hyperparameter value found in a previous fit. As recommended by 6  , we find hyperparameters that maximize the log likelihood of the data. The likelihood function is determined relying on the ray casting operation which is closely related to the physics of the sensor but suffers from lack of smoothness and high computational expense. Beam models calculate the likelihoods by simulating the way rays of light travel through the environment. We can thus write p f j x i t−Np:t = γ x i t−Np:t   , which leads to: The instance gets projected as a point in this multi-dimensional space. The probability that a target exists is modeled as a decay function based upon when the target was most recently seen  , and by whom. Combining these two probabilities helps reduce the overlap of robot sensory areas toward the goal of minimizing the likelihood of a target escaping detection. Representation is necessary since the company running the web site wishes to pick a subset of ads such that a certain objective function e.g. , likelihood of clickthroughs  is maximized  , while not exceeding the global constraint of K ads. Dominance can be useful in specifying whether  , within a category based on user's profile  , the expensive items or the inexpensive items should dominate. Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. If v r o are viewed as empirical distributions induced by a given sample i.e. , defined by frequencies of events in the sample then uncertain measures are simply summaries of several individual observations for each fact. Although our experimental setting is a binary classification  , the desired capability from learning the function f b  , k by a GBtree is to compute the likelihood of funding  , which allows us to rank the most appropriate backer for a particular project. Despite this fact  , we can achieve a high precision value of 0.82. The important point to notice is that the predictive variance captures the inherent uncertainty in the function  , with tight error bars in regions of observed data  , and with growing error bars away from observed data. The hyperparameters of the kernel have been set by optimizing the marginal likelihood as described above. The log-likelihood contains a log function over summations of terms with λt defined by Equation 5  , which can make parameter inference intractable. where it is assumed that the observed dataset is over the time interval 0  , T  Daley and Vere-Jones 2003.  Model selection criteria usually assumes that the global optimal solution of the log-likelihood function can be obtained. There are many other promising local optimal solutions in the close vicinity of the solutions obtained from the methods that provide good initial guesses of the solution. However  , to calculate the likelihood function  , we have to marginalize over the latent variables which is difficult in our model for both real variables η  , τ   , as it leads to integrals that are analytically intractable  , and discrete variables z1···m  , it involves computationally expensive sum over exponential i.e. The variational parameters learned in this step 10 is just same as that in the case with the individual increments in isolation. The reason is that we map different overall detection ratios to the same efficiency class  , respectively  , different sets of individual detection ratios to the same span by using the range subdivisions . The example shows that different values of n often result in the same value of the likelihood function. Thus  , the interval estimate ep is given a high confidence level for the running example. For the running example  , the maximum value of 20.0 % of the likelihood function is three times as high as its lowest non-zero value of 6.7 %. where Fjy  , x is a feature function which extracts a realvalued feature from the label sequence y and the observation sequence x  , and Zx is a normalization factor for each different observation sequence x. Once we have py|x  , λ  , the log-likelihood for the whole train set S is given by This combination of attributes is generally designed to be unique with a high likelihood and  , as such  , can function as a device identifier. A device fingerprint is a set of system attributes that are usually combined in the form of a string. The goal of task allocation is to learn a policy for allocating tasks to users that maximizes expected reward. Similarly  , our investigation of the CHROME browser identified security  , portability  , reliability  , and availability as specific concerns. Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. In a case where we want half of the participants to be male and half female  , we can adjust weights of the objective optimization function to increase the likelihood that future trial candidates will match the currently underrepresented gender. Therefore  , the estimate of the mean is simply the sample mean  ,  The effectiveness of the MLE is observed by generating a set of samples from a known RCG distribution  , then computing the MLE estimates of the parameters. Similar to the approach shown in Fig- ure 4a  , these weight values are derived from a function of the current position and the distance to the destination position . ω k denotes the combination parameters for each term with emotion e k   , and can be estimated by maximizing log-likelihood function with L2 i.e. , ridge regularization. Here the feature vector φi is composed by the count of each term in the i th comment. Telang et al. First  , they consider w d which consists of the lexical terms in document d. Second  , they posit t d which is the timestamp for d. With these definitions in place  , we may decompose the likelihood function: They approach the problem by considering two types of features for a given document. We address this problem with a dynamic annealing approach that adjusts measurement model entropy as a function of the normalized likelihood of the most recent measurements . While this is irrelevant to the problem of locating a static object  , it is important when the object is moving in an unknown way in the robot hand. These promising results suggest that integrating our approach into probabilistic SLAM methods would improve the building of maps for dynamic  , cluttered environments  , a challenging issue that requires further research. The likelihood function for this sensor is modeled like the lane sensor by enumerating two modes of detection: µ s1 and µ s2 . The final sensor providing relative measurements is the stopline sensor  , which measures the distance to any stopline visible within its camera's field of view. In such a situation  , increasing the arc length of the path over the surface increases the coverage of the surface  , thus leading to a greater likelihood of uniform deposition. The physical motivation for this inclusion is as follows: a deposition rate function has a spread that is typically small compared to the actual area that is to be covered . The amount of data collected is a function of the scan density  , often expressed as points per row and column  , and area viewed. Often  , scanning more of the scene will increase the likelihood that the scan can be found in the terrain map. A key feature of both models  , the motion model and the perceptual model  , is the fact that they are differentiable. Thus the likelihood function of appearance model 1 Appearance Model: Similar to 4  , 10   , the appearance model consists of three components S  , W  , F   , where S component captures temporally stable images  , W component characterizes the two-frame variations  , F component is a fixed template of the target to prevent the model from drifting over time. Simply because the likelihood of generating the training data is maximized does not mean the evaluation metric under consideration  , such as mean average precision  , is also maximized. Even though these techniques are formally motivated  , they often do not maximize the correct objective function. The data contained in a single power spectrum for example figure  1 is generally modeled by a K dimensional joint probability density function pdf  , Signal detection is typically formulated as a likelihood of signal presence versus absence  , which is then compared to a threshold value. Therefore  , to evaluate the performance of ranking  , we use the standard information retrieval measures. the initiating events from Fig- ure 2 . The learned parameter can be then used to estimate the relevance probability P s|q k  for any particular aspect of a new user query. Due to the larger number of false positives in the RGB likelihood function  , the covariance of the posterior PDF after an RGB update  , As well as computational advantages  , it allows the covariance of the posterior PDF to be solely controlled by the more reliable depth detector. As A ij in the above equation is an unobservable variable  , we can derive the following expected log likelihood function L 0   : The probability for generating a particular The probability for generating the set of all the attributes  ,   , in a Web page is as follows: where A ij means the i-th useful text fragment belongs to the j-th attribute class. If a trajectory of a person is observed from tracking people function  , we search the nearest 5 clusters to the trajectory and merge likelihood of each exception map to anticipate the person. A predicted position of a person is the expectation value of the position. where F is a function designed to penalize model complexity   , and q represents the number of features currently included in the model at a given point. Our Three Part Coding TPC approach uses a Minimum Description Length MDL 7 based coding scheme  , which we explain in the next section  , to specify another penalized likelihood method. Formally  , AICC = −2 lnL+2k n n−k+1   , where the hypothesis likelihood function   , L  , with k adjusted parameters shall be estimated from data assuming a prior distribution. Since this is a prediction task  , one may drop optimality for the sake of prediction performance   , adopting AICC instead. As the software development progresses  , we make the lookahead prediction of the number of software faults in the subsequent incremental system testing phase  , based on the NHPP-based SRMs. Based on the estimates of model parameters and the software metrics data  , the predictive likelihood function at the τ + 1-st increment is given by Therefore  , the interval estimates are all discarded. Since the value of the likelihood function is small compared to the values in the generic domain   , there is only low confidence in the interval estimates computed for the runs in the NASA domain. The results will also show which one of the three point estimates derived from the interval estimate in subsection 2.8 should be used and what relative error to expect. The results will show which values of the likelihood function correspond to valid interval estimates and which do not. Attributes that range over a broader set of values e.g. , the list of fonts and plugins are more identifying than values shared by many devices e.g. , version of the operating system. One is the time-dependent content similarity measure between queries using the cosine kernel function; another is the likelihood for two queries to be grouped in a same cluster from the click-through data given the timestamp. From the definition of time-dependent marginalized kernel   , we can observe that the semantic similarity between two queries given the timestamp t is determined by two factors . This procedure assumes that all observations are statistically independent. Also  , the likelihood of choosing a test case may differ across the test pool  , hence we would also need a probability distribution function to accompany the test pool. For simplicity  , we assume that the accessible test cases do not vary significantly between the testing strategies based on the all-DUs and all-edges criteria. The system uses a threshold policy to present the top 10 users corresponding to contexts similar above θ = 0.65  , a value determined empirically to best balance the tradeoff between relevance  , and the likelihood of seeing someone else as we go on to describe in following sections. Essentially  , the cosine is a weighted function of the features the vectors have in common. Our approach is based on Theorem 1  , below  , which establishes that the log-likelihood as a function of C and α is unimodal; we therefore develop techniques based on optimization of unimodal multivariate functions to find the optimal parameters. Once we have selected a center  , we now have to optimize the other two parameters. From this point the top N candidates are passed to COGEX to re-rank the candidates based on how well the question is entailed by the given candidate answer. The log of the score of the answer likelihood was then added as a feature to the existing estimated relevance function embedded in PowerAnswer answer procesing Moldovan  , D. et al. , 2004. More generally  , let I be the number of samples collected and the probability that an individual j is captured in sample i be pij. nI be the sizes of samples drawn  , marked and returned to the population and the total number of distinct captured individuals be r. The likelihood function of N and p = p1  , ..pI  from data D is given by The retrieval function is: This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . In our implementation  , the product in Equation 5 is only performed over the query terms  , thereby providing a topicconditioned centrality measure biased towards the query. This scoring function is similar to the un-normalized entry generation likelihood from the feed language model.  Base on latent factor models  , the likelihood of the pairwise similarities are elegantly modeled as a function of the Hamming distance between the corresponding data points. Experimental results on two real datasets with semantic labels show that LFH can achieve much higher accuracy than other state-of-the-art methods with efficiency in training time. The general idea used in the paper is to create regularization for the graph with the assumption that the likelihood of two nodes to be in the same class can be estimated using annotations of the edge linking the two nodes. In this paper  , we propose a novel objective function in the graph regularization framework to exploit the annotations on the edges. Now  , since we actually perform our computations in the domain of the natural logarithm of the likelihood function  , we must fit these values with a polynomial of On this basis  , we utilize stochastic gradient descent to conduct the unconstrained optimization. Then the loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model  , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. By applying the data transform technique  , we can also obtain higher likelihood distribution function and achieve more accurate estimates of distribution parameters. We apply the data transformation techniques to visualize the difference between the relevant and non-relevant document length on each test collection used. The results of fitting the heteroscedastic model in the data can be viewed below  , > summarylme2 Apart from the random and fixed effects section  , there is a Variance function section. The very small p-value of the likelihood ratio statistic confirms that the heteroscedastic model explains the data significantly better than the homoscedastic model. Therefore  , when the likelihood of a region x in a test image is computed  , concepts whose pdf's were estimated from " similar looking " vectors rt will have high a posteriori probability 6. image regions rt from all images labeled with c contribute to the estimate of the probability density function pdf f x|c. Similar to existing work 18   , the document-topic relevance function P d|t for topic level diversification is implemented as the query-likelihood score for d with respect to t each topic t is treated as a query. The query set for this experiment only contains 144 queries out of 147. There are nonredundant questions in top-5 positions of the re-ranked list. As fundamental function of GPS receivers  , not only its position measurement data hut also measurement indexes such as DOP Dilution Of Precision  , the number of satellites etc are available from the receiver. The likelihood 1 Izy or 1s see Section IV-B and IV-C is calculated with The projective contour points of the 3-D CAD forceps in relation to the pose and gripper states were stored in a database. In our case this is computationally intractable; the partition function Zz sums over the very large space of all hidden variables. Learning the values of the weights is achieved through maximisation of the conditional likelihood Equation 2 given labelled training data. Hence the quantity In the next section  , a probabilistic membership function PMF on the workspace is developed which describes the likelihood of sensing the object at a given location. The optimal value of a is sought to maximally constrain the object model. Although this method is harder to compute and requires more memory  , the convergence rate is greater near the optimal value than that of the gradient method. 2 Newton Method: The Newton method uses the second order properties of the log-likelihood function to compute descent direction. This section presents a different perspective on the point set registration problem. As mentioned earlier  , a 3D-NDT model can be viewed as a probability density function  , signifying the likelihood of observing a point in space  , belonging to an object surface as in 4 We assume that  , when no measurement information is available  , the feature can be anywhere in the 3D space with equal probability i.e. , an " uninformative " prior. A large number of particles are needed to maintain a fair representation of the aposteriori distribution  , and this number grows exponentially with the size of the model's configuration space 5. Using the expectations as well as uncertainties from our fingerprint model inside the new likelihood function  , we evaluate the influence of the new observation model in comparison to our previous results 1. Which is reasonable  , since the ghost-detections introduce a unique characteristic to the associated poses  , and thus seem to make up for the uncertainty by supplying additional information. A critical assumption is that evaders' motions are independent of the motions of the pursuer. After some algebra  , we find that the negative logarithm of posterior distribution corresponds to the following expression up to a constant term: Therefore  , in this paper we developed the following alternative method for estimating parameters µ and Σ for model 1 by following the ideas from 12 and taking into account our likelihood function 1. The solutions found by these two methods differ  , however  , in terms of RMS error versus the true trace  , both produce equally accurate traces. 16 for an excellent survey of this field. Thus  , there are can be no interior maxima  , and the likelihood function is thus maximized at some xv  , where the derivative is undefined. When we take the second derivative and collect terms  , we end up with P u ,v∈E cx − xv + b −2   , which is always positive. Note that while reputation is a function of past activities of an identity  , trustworthiness is a prediction for the future. Trustworthiness of an identity: The likelihood that the identity will respect the terms of service ToS of its domain in the future  , denoted by T rustID. for some nonnegative function T . As these factors are optimized jointly  , one may view the time factor as being the change in likelihood of copying a particular item from i steps back  , depending on how long ago in absolute time that past consumption occurred. To compute the signal parameter vector w  , we need a likelihood function integrating signals and w. As discussed in §2  , installed apps may reflect users' interests or preferences. Let A c be the set of installed apps on the device of composition However  , even if two different users both install the same app  , their interests or preferences related to that app may still be at different levels. are used in the subsequent M-step to maximize the likelihood function over the true parameters λ and µ. It can be shown 15  that the constraint maximization problem in step 6 is a concave program and therefore  , can be solved optimally and efficiently 4. We use predictions from C map to compute the MappingScore  , the likelihood that terminals in P are correct interpretation of corresponding words in S. C map . Predict function of the classifier predicts the probability of each word-toterminal mapping being correct. Based on the estimates of model parameters and the software metrics data  , the predictive likelihood function at the τ + 1-st increment is given by Hence  , we utilize the subjective estimate of Metric 2 predicted by the project manager  , ˆ yτ+1 ,j. Therefore  , one often gets a whole interval of numbers n where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value; in some cases  , one even gets a union of non-adjacent intervals . Figure 1  , the top location has a confidence of 1.0: In the past  , each time some programmer extended the fKeys array   , she also extended the function that sets the preference default values. First come the locations with the highest confidence—that is  , the likelihood that further changes be applied to the given location. For this objective  , Eguchi and Lavrenko 3 proposed sentiment retrieval models  , aiming at finding information with a specific sentiment polarity on a certain topic  , where the topic dependence of the sentiment was considered. Based on the information collected for each of the possible location IDs  , the task requires us to construct a ranked list of attractions. We estimated 2s + 1 means  , but assumed that all of the output functions shared a common covariance matrix. Specifically  , we represent a value for an uncertain measure as a probability distribution function pdf over values from an associated " base " domain. Intuitively  , an uncertain value encodes a range of possible values together with our belief in the likelihood of each possible value. Consider personalization of web pages based on user profiles. , 9  , 2  , and at sentence level  , e.g. , 4  , 5  , 8 ; however   , the accuracy is still less than desirable. The original language modeling approach as proposed in 9 involves a two-step scoring procedure: 1 Estimate a document language model for each document; 2 Compute the query likelihood using the estimated document language model directly. In the risk minimization framework presented in 4  , documents are ranked based on the following risk function: where is the likelihood function  , a mapping learned by the decoder   , which scores each derivation using the TM and LM. In this case  , the score of document D would be a weighted average of scores with respect to each candidate translation: The BNIRL likelihood function can be approximated using action comparison to an existing closed-loop controller  , avoiding the need to discretize the state space and allowing for learning in continuous demonstration domains. BNIRL limits the size of the candidate reward space to a finite set  , allowing for parallelized pre­ computation of approximate action value functions. Rather than considering only rectangular objects  , we propose approximating the likelihood function by integrating over an appropriate half plane. However  , it is not possible to use this method to evaluate the integral over the space outside of the object unless the object itself is rectangular. Large measurement likelihoods indicate that the particle set is distributed in a likely region of space and it is possible to decrease measurement model entropy. 1 We learn the mapping Θ by maximizing the likelihood of the observed times τi→j. We formalize this as τi→j ∼ f x; θ = Θai  , where Θ denotes a mapping from the space of actions A to the space of parameters of the probability density function f x; θ. This factor is determined by observations made by exteroceptive sensors in this case the camera  , and is a function of the similarity between expected measurements and observed measurements. As already mentioned  , EM converges to a local maximum of the observed data log-likelihood function L. However  , the non-injectivity of the interaural functions μ f and ξ f leads to a very large number of these maxima  , especially when the set of learned positions X   , i.e. , section 3.1  , is large. Interested readers can find a detailed solution in 7. Silhouette hypotheses were rendered from a cylindrical 3D body model to an binary image buffer using OpenGL. We utilize a basic likelihood function  , pzt | g −1 i yit  , that returns the similarity RA  , B of a particle's  sized silhouette with the observed silhouette image. In addition  , the beam-based sensor models excluding the seeing through problem described in Sec. To maintain a consistent representation of the underlying prior pxdZO:t-l' weight adjustment has to be carried out. The transition probability is defined as a function of the Euclidean distance between each pair of points. In this approach a probability matrix that defines the likelihood of jumping from one point to another is used to generate a random walk. Let Y H be the random variable that represents the label of the observed feature vector in the hypothesis space  , and Y F be the random variable that represents the label in the target function. We leave for future work the bias-variance decomposition of the log-likelihood loss as in 8. Because of this  , any estimate for which falls outside of this range is quite unlikely  , and it is reasonable to remove all such solutions from consideration by choosing appropriate bounds. We hypothesize that the double Pareto naturally captures a regime of recency in which a user recalls consuming the item  , and decides whether to re-consume it  , versus a second regime in which the user simply does not bring the item to mind in considering what to consume next; these two behaviors are fundamentally different  , and emerge as a transition point in the function controlling likelihood to re-consume. Instead  , we find that a double Pareto distribution can be fit to each user with a significant increase in overall likelihood. where α is the weight that specifies a trade-off between focusing on minimization of the log-likelihood of document sequence and of the log-likelihood of word sequences we set α = 1 in the experiments  , b is the length of the training context for document sequences  , and c is the length of the training context for word sequences. Given the architecture illustrated in Figure 1  , probability of observing one of the surrounding documents based on the current document Pdm+i|dm is defined using the soft-max function as given below , The likelihood function for the t observations is: Let t be the number of capture occasions observations  , N be the true population size  , nj be the number of individuals captured in the j th capture occasion  , Mt+1 be the number of total unique dividuals caught during all occasions  , p be the probability of an individual robot being captured and fj be the number of robots being observed exactly j times j < t. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. In the M step  , we treat all the variables in Θ as parameters and estimate them by maximizing the likelihood function. The penalty term has a factor 1 + r e   , where r e is the ratio of documents that belong to event e. If the ratio r e for a specific event is high  , it will receive a stronger penalty in the size of its spatial and temporal deviations   , causing these variances to be restricted. Our rationale for splitting F in this way is that  , according to empirical findings reported in 11  , the likelihood of a user visiting a page presented in a search result list depends primarily on the rank position at which the page appears. where the output of F 1 is the rank position of a page of popularity x  , and F 2 is a function from that rank to a visit rate. The marginal likelihood has three terms from left to right  , the first accounts for the data fit; the second is a complexity penalty term encoding the Occam's Razor principle and the last is a normalisation constant. where K y = KX  , X + σ 2 I is the covariance matrix for the observations y made at locations X and where θ= θ represents a set of hyper-parameters specified according to a given covariance function. If an accurate model of the manipulator-object interaction were available  , then the likelihood of a given position measurement could be evaluated in terms of its proximity to an expected position measurement: P ˆ p i |modelx  , u  , where modelx  , u denotes the expected contact position given an object configuration x and manipulator control parameters  , u. Instead  , we propose a simpler but less informative measurement model created by integrating over all possible contact positions as a function of object pose: We now see that the confusion side helps to eliminate one of the peaks in the orientation estimate and the spatial likelihood function has helped the estimate converge to an accurate value. In this case since the object has been detected once from its non-confusion side  , the probability of o 1 being of class c 1 is now much higher and the orientation estimate is now nonambiguous with φ 1 ≈ 258  as shown in Figure 11. In MyDNS  , a low aux value increases the likelihood of the corresponding server to be placed high in the list. A load balancing function uses the aux value associated with each RR record to sort the answers in the response's addresses. The order of the answers determines the server that will be used by the client: the client uses the first operational server from the list. Table 4 presents results of two sets of experiments using the step + exponential function  , with what we subjectively characterize as " slow " decay and " fast " decay. Finally  , we show that with specific efficiency functions  , our " Slow " Decay Rate Wt10g t = 150ms  , α = −0.05 Gov2 t = 5s  , α = −0.1 Clue t = 7s  , α = −0.01 learned models converge to either baseline query-likelihood or the weighted sequential dependence model  , thus illustrating the generality of our framework in subsuming ranking approaches that only take into account effectiveness. In order to investigate this issue a relevant set of training data must be generated for a case with potential collisions  , e.g. This way  , the likelihood of a collision occurring due to on-line trajectory corrections is minimal and the resulting inequality constraints may well be handled in a sufficient computational run time a collision detection function call was measured to last 8e10 −7 seconds. However  , this pQ normalization factor is useful if we want a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and if we want to be able to compare scores across different queries. Since pQ is constant for all documents Di given a specific query Q  , it does not affect the ranking of the documents and can be safely removed from the scoring function . However  , we choose to keep this factor because it helps to provide a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and allows the document scores to be more comparable across different topics. As discussed in Section 2.1  , the pQ normalization factor in the scoring function 2 does not affect the ranking of the documents because it is constant for all documents Di given a specific topic Q. Therefore  , the AUCEC scores of a random selection method under full credit will depend on the underlying distribution of bugs: large bugs are detected with a high likelihood even when inspecting only a few lines at random  , whereas small bugs are unlikely to be detected when inspecting 5% of lines without a good selection function. Full Credit  , on the other hand  , assigns the credit for detecting a bug as soon as a single line of the bug is found. This ideal situation occurs when a search engine's repository is exactly synchronized with the Web at all times  , such that W L = W. Hence  , we denote the highest possible search repository quality as QW  , where: As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. We do not provide the expressions for computing the gradients of the logarithm of the likelihood function with respect to the configurations' parameters  , because such expressions can be computed automatically using symbolic differentiation in math packages such as Theano 3. We estimate the relevance of a document d to a query q using the probability of click on d when d appears on the first position  , i.e. , P C1 = 1 | q  , d. That is  , upon disconnection  , the preDisconnect method in the Accounts complet looks up for a customer account that matches the currently visited customer  , and if found  , sets its priority to High  , thereby increasing the likelihood of cloning that complet. In order to address the special need to download specific account complet as a function of the sales agent's location  , we use the d y n a m i c reference configuration capability of FarGO-DA. For a query q consisting of a number of terms qti  , our reference search engine The Indri search engine would return a ranked list of documents using the query likelihood model from the ClueWeb09 category B dataset: Dqdq ,1  , dq ,2  , ..  , dq ,n where dq ,i refers to the document ranked i for the query q based on the reference search engine's standard ranking function. In the next sections describing our runs  , we will use the following terminology. It may be assumed that training points representing collision-free solutions would be generated with conservative sizes of the representative polytopes in the problem at hand. In a simple case it is likely that the test for correct assembly would occur first  , followed by tests for the most likely The structure of such a tree should ideally be determined with reference to some cost function which takes into account such parameters as the likelihood of a given error occurring  , the time taken to test for its presence and the time and financial cost in recovery. Indeed  , examining the positive examples in our data as a function of time-of-day and day-of-week  , we observe a greater likelihood of urgent health searching occurring outside of working hours and on weekends Table 4 . In the evenings and on weekends people may more typically pursue other interests  , bringing them into situations with higher risk of injury and of placing additional strain on their bodies—and creating opportunity for unforeseen accidents. The effectiveness of a strategy for a single topic is computed as a function of the ranks of the relevant documents. In the experimental paradigm assumed in this paper  , each retrieval strategy to be compared produces a ranked list of documents for each topic in a test collection  , where the list is ordered by decreasing likelihood that the document should be retrieved for that topic. Using this transfer function and global context as a proxy for δ ctxt   , the fitted model has a log-likelihood of −57051 with parameter β = 0.415 under-ranked reviews have more positive δ ctxt which in turn means more positive polarity due to a positive β. Overall  , the model captures the key trends in the data  , including a decrease in voting polarity with rank on the diagonal  , and the increase in voting polarity for reviews that are ranked too low. In this project we rely on data that have passed through the first two levels of the pipeline and we will focus primarily on the elaboration of the remaining two steps. Thus our idea is to optimize the likelihood part and the regularizer part of the objective function separately in hope of finding an improvement of the current Ψ. According to GEM  , we do not have to find the local maximum of QΨn+1; Ψn at every M step; instead  , we only need to find a better value of Ψ in the M-step  , i.e. , to ensure QΨn+1; Ψn ≥ QΨn; Ψn. We also look at friendship probability as a function of rank where rank is the number of people who live closer than a friend ranked by distance  , and note that in general  , people who live in cities tend to have friends that are more scattered throughout the country. However  , at shorter ranges  , distance does not play as large of a role in the likelihood of friendship. For scalability  , we bucket all the queries by their distance from the center  , enabling us to evaluate a particular choice of C and α very quickly. cur i u can be viewed as a curiousness score mapped from an item's stimulus on the curiosity distribution. Once the curiosity distribution is estimated  , we can obtain the likelihood that the user is curious about an item with sd  , i.e. , the user's curiousness on item i given its sd  , denoted by cur i u = pdfusd  , where pdf is the probability density function of Cu. The constant k mitigates the impact of uments according to the pairwise relation rd1 < rd2  , which is determined for each d1  , d2 by majority vote among the input rankings. Note that this differs from when emergency rooms are more likely to receive visits 18  , suggesting that urgent search engine temporal patterns may differ from ER visit patterns. Pseudo negative judgments are sampled from the bottom of a ranked list of a thousand retrieved documents R using the language modeling query likelihood scoring function. 2 Unless otherwise specified  , we set the total number of sampled pseudo queries Q to 400  , and the average number of pseudo positive dp and negative judgments dn for each query to 10 and 20  , respectively  , keeping the ratio of positive to negative judgments at 0.5. The main message to take away from this section is that we use distributed representations sequences of vector states as detailed in §3.1 to model user browsing behavior. This is reflected in Table 6: as the bug-fix threshold increases  , the random AUCEC scores increase as well. Ranked query evaluation is based on the notion of a similarity heuristic  , a function that combines observed statistical properties of a document in the context of a collection and a query  , and computes a numeric score indicating the likelihood that the document is an answer to the query. The upper limit k is decided at index construction time  , and is typically a value such as k = 8. QLQ  , A + sub achieves significant better results than all the other systems do at 0.01 level for all evaluation metrics  , except for bigram-ROUGE precision score when b = 50 and TFIDF cosine similarity score when b = 100. Using the submodular function to re-rank the questions retrieved by simple and combined query likelihood language model denoted as QLQ +sub and QLQ  , A + sub  , respectively show better results over corresponding retrieval models for all evaluation metrics. All models work according to the same principle: comparing a pseudodocument D built from entity-specific tweets with a background corpus C. This comparison allows us to score a term t using a function st  , D  , C. However  , since the ultimate position of manipulator contacts on an object is a complex function of the second-order impedances of the manipulator and object  , creating such a model can be prohibitively difficult. For the importance of time in repeat consumption  , we show that the situation is complex. We answer this question quantitatively in Section 6. The number of in-memory sorts needed is exponential in k. This exponential factor is unavoidable  , because the width of the search lattice of the datacube is exponential in k. It remains to be seen whether or not the exponential CPU time dominates the I/O time in practice. However  , the key issue is doing this efficiently for practical cases. As with any program synthesis technique which fundamentally involve search over exponential spaces  , the cost of our technique is also worst case exponential in the size of the DSL. This optimization is performed first by noticing that the exponential loss En+m writes: The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. Stack Search Maximizing Eq. Applying an exponential utility function u ′ > 0 and u ′′ < 0 2 gives the mapping function as: The window provides us with a safety frame that guides the search in a promising direction. To prevent exponential grown  , the size of the window is limited. iv The large volume of ESI needed to be handled has also been known to lead to suboptimal performance with traditional IR solutions that may need to search hundreds or thousands of individual search indexes when performing an investigative search. One reason for this practice may be the exponential growth in informational records grows at exponential rates which may contribute to higher overall discovery costs for organizations. 1 also indicate an exponential increase in the number of web services over the last three years. The statistics published by the web services search engine Seekda! We tackle i using heuristic search -a well known technique for dealing with combinatorial search spaces. This is computationally hard and has two main sources of complexity: i combinatorial explosion of possible compositions  , and ii worst-case exponential reasoning. an exhaustive search is not practical for high number of input attributes. the size of the search space increases in a strong exponential manner as the number of input attributes grows  141  , i.e. The search technique needs to be combined with an estimator that can quantify the predictive ability of a subset of attributes. Since the space is exponential in the number of attributes   , heuristic search techniques can be used. The outliers tend to be inputs in which the user has specified an action in an exceptionally redundant manner. In our experiment  , the search workload under the fixed workload scheme is set to be 2500 50 generations with 50 individuals in each generation  and is stipulated by workload function w = ϕ 2 in The time complexity may now become exponential with respect to ϕ as long as the workload function is an exponential function w.r.t ϕ. As in relational databases  , where the problem of large search space is mainly caused by join series  , in OODBMS the search space of a query is exponential according to the length of path expressions. The number of execution plans explored by the optimizer depend on the' applied search strategy. The RAND-WALK agent impkments a completely randomized search strategy  , which has been shown to have a search complexity that is exponential in the number of state-action pairs in the system 2  , lo. Search complexity refers to the number of steps taken to initially locate a goal state. With the exponential growth of information on the Web  , search engine has become an indispensable tool for Web users to seek their desired information. Experimental results are discussed in Section 4 and conclusion is made in Section 5. However  , it is never Copyright is held by the International World Wide Web Conference Committee IW3C2. However  , the problem of finding optimal plans remains a difficult one. By making objects a part of the domain model  , SPPL planner avoids unnecessary grounding and symmetries  , and the search space is reduced by an exponential factor as a result. For example  , our Mergesort branch policy still leaves an exponential search for worst-case executions. 3 The generators found by WISE may not prune enough executions for larger input sizes. As we hypothesized  , the rate parameter of the exponential in Eq. Turning to the models proposed in this paper  , the BEX approach alleviated the risk of temporal conditioning of search results for in comparison to EXP. A query task classification system was also employed  , based on 32 words indicative of home page search such as 'home' or 'homepage'. Fusion was by CombMNZ with exponential z-score normalisation. Watchpoint descriptions begin with a list of module names. Allowing disconnected sub-ensembles would imply an exponential search through all subsets of the total ensemble  , and distributing information between the members of these subsets would require significant multi-hop messaging. These search based methods work only for low-dimensional systems because their time/space complexity is exponential in the dimension of the explored set. Similar methods have been used for kinodynamic planning 17  , 18  , 61. For a given sample data set  , the number of possible model structures which may fit the data is exponential in the number of variables ' . We have tested three greedy search strategies: In our experience of applying Pex on real-world code bases  , we identify that Pex cannot explore the entire program due to exponential path-exploration space. Which branching points are flipped next depends on the chosen search strategy  , such as depth-first search DFS or breadth-first search BFS. Existing DSE tools alleviate path explosion using search strategies and heuristics that guide the search toward interesting paths while pruning the search space. The number of feasible paths can be exponential in the program size  , or even infinite in the presence of inputdependent loops. We also embedded the collision detection method within a search routine to generate collision-free paths. As each evaluated state in the search requires execution of a collision detection method  , an efficient method will effectively reduce the magnitude of the base of the exponential relationship  , significantly improving the time performance of the search. Practically  , it is impossible to search all subgraphs that appear in the database. First  , there is an exponential number of subgraphs to examine in the model graph database  , most of which are not contrastive at all. This reduces the computational complexity from 0  2 ~  to oN~ or from exponential computational time to polynomial computational time  121. This optimal change forms the new state of the system and the search procedure repeats until convergence. Frequent closed itemsets search space is exponential to |I| i.e. , 2 I   , which requires huges space for long pattern datasets. Property 1 Let Y be an identifier tidset of a cluster C. Then Y is closed. To solve the problems optimally  , it requires an exponential search. Because this problem requires that the number of customer segments to be limited  , we call it the bounded segmentation problem BSP. The problem of selecting a predictive attribute subset Ω ⊆ C can be attacked as a search problem where each state in the search space represents a distinct subset of C 10 . Zweig and Chang 43 found that the use of Model M exponential n-gram language model with personalization features improved the speech recognition performance on Bing voice search. 31 described a system for Mandarin Chinese voice search and reported " excellent performance on typical spoken search queries under a variety of accents and acoustic conditions. " The current Web is largely document-centric hypertext. Early signs of such trends are visible with Google and Microsoft providing Twitter based search results for real-time events  , and exponential growth of tools like Yelp and Foursquare. Unlike the univariate approach  , the tuning of covariance matrix Q has an exponential search space  , since we need to simultaneously set all diagonal elements. The noise covariance matrix Q can be also learned by off-line tuning. 26 introduces a way to empirically search for an exponential model for the documents. However  , the Poisson model in their paper is still under the document generation framework   , and also does not account for the document length variation. It can be shown that the number of possible decompositions i.e. These conditions are easily checked  , but the exponential number of partitions m must be fairly large to allow decryption renders ex- haustive search impossible. As any binary string can be obtained with equal likelihood as any In the worst case  , the search for all possible alliances in order to not miss any solution to the original problem reintroduces exponential complexity. The broad-brush effect can be eliminated by identifying such alliances and grouping them together. The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. +  are normalization factors such that Dt+1 and˜Dt+1and˜ and˜Dt+1 remain probability distributions. When dealing with a human figure  , the notion of naturalness will come into consideration. With backtracking   , the worst case is that we have to search through the whole tree and the run time become exponential. Finding locally optimal solutions in this respect would be a logical approach and is the subject of current research. Understandably  , model refinement implies exponential enhancement in the search space where the solution should be found. With about 32 degree of freedom DOfs to be determined for each frame  , there is the potential of exponential compl exity evaluating such a high dimensional search space. I. Theoretically  , the number of paths is exponential in the user-assigned search depth. Each node in the tree containing the image of all reachable states from the initial node along the path. Further advances in compositional techniques 26  , pruning redundant paths 7  , and heuristics search 9 ,40 are needed. A significant scalability challenge for symbolic execution is how to handle the exponential number of paths in the code. Using an exponential distribution to accomplish a blending of time and language model Eq. On the other hand  , a time-only ranking as used by Twitter search fails to capture differences in tweets' relevance to the query. From Table 1  , we can see that the search space for optimizing a path expression is exponential to the path length. Heuristic Rule for DFF : Select DFF from Ci to Cj iff one ,of the following condition holds : l The heuristic-search has the exponential computational complexity at the worst case. The amount of computation depends not only on the number of parts and how they are interconnected  , but also on the solution to AND/OR graph. Because of the size of the graph  , this requires exponential time to solve using standard graph search techniques. The reason is that for any number of modules n  , the number of connected configurations possible appears to be exponential in n. To find a optimal sequeiice of configurations leading from the initial configuration to the final configuration is akin to finding the shortest path in a graph consisting of such configurations as vertices . However  , Grimson lo has shown that in the gencpal case  , where spurious m e a surements can arise  , the amount of search needed to find the hest interpretation is still exponential. The use of geometric constraints and branch and hound search dramatically reduces the numbet of nodes explored  , by cutting down entire branches of the tree. A distributed e-library is perhaps best explained as a huge  , global database  , where search engines or directory services act as the indexes to information see  , Figure 11. Despite the exponential growth of Web content  , we believe the relevance of content returned by search engines will improve as query options will become more flexible. To tame this exponential growth  , we use a beam search heuristic: in each iteration  , we save only the best β number of ungrounded rules and pass them to the next iteration. As the size of the rule search space increases exponentially with the number of variables in ungrounded rules  , enumerating rules quickly becomes infeasible for longer rules. However  , for most practical problems  , solutions are easier to find and such search is not neces- sary. The organization of this paper is described as follows . Most importantly  , a GA embedded search based dynamic scheduling strategy is proposed to produce a feasible and near-optimal schedule to resolve the conventional problem with exponential growth of search time vs. the problem size. Even though this bmte-force approach  , unlike the other work mentioned above  , guarantees optimality and completeness  , it k n o t practical for larger scale problems because of its computational complexity  , which is exponential in the number of moving droplets. In IX  , this author described the problem as a graph search  , and suggested search techniques such as A'. While the real-time feature of the presented collision detection method is not essential in planning applications   , there are performance rewards for efficient collision detection. This is especially important  , since the search space is exponential and the number of MDS patterns present in the data may also be very large. Hence  , any bottom up mining strategy needs to employ extra techniques for pruning the search space. Due to its exponential complexity  , exhaustive search is only feasible for very simple queries and is implemented in few research DBMSs  , mainly for performance comparison purposes. However  , they differ in exploration of the search space and the size of the portion explored. Search engine developers are well aware of the inadequacy of literal string matching as a method for finding relevant content  , and people are hard at work on creating better tools. If the query optimizer can immediately find the profitable nary operators to apply on a number of collections  , the search space will be largely reduced since those collections linked by the nary operator can be considered as one single collection. An exhaustive search method that evaluates all the possible  i 0 values can require a total of r n combinations which is exponential with n and can require a large amount of calculation time. With respect to the number of goals and resolution  , the size of the search space is n·r. As the exponential growth of web pages and online documents continues  , there is an increasing need for retrieval systems that are capable of dealing with a large collection of documents and at the same time narrowing the scope of the search results not only relevant documents but also relevant passages or even direct answers. Some of its successful applications include library catalogue search  , medical record retrieval  , and Internet search engines e.g. , Google. They adjust an exponential discount model to the expected quality of a search experience  , based on the session information. They assume that session records tell success or failure stories of users who became competent questioners  , given a topic and a search system  , or went astray: a search experience is poised to be rewarding for a 'good' user  , while the experience of a 'bad' user will be negative. In modern query optimizer architectures FV94  , FG94  , different components are driven by different search strategies; thus  , it would be useful to have a special combination of strategies for optimizing path expressions . Thus we anticipate the information organization to soon occur  , not via 'URLs' but rather via 'event tags' and across 'geo-locations'. The restricted search space has still an exponential size with respect to dimensionality  , which makes enumeration impossible for higher dimensionalities. For our following considerations  , we restrict the projections to the class of axes-parallel projections   , which means that we are searching for meaningful combinations of dimensions attributes. In section 4 we show that for common scenarios there is significant benefit to nevertheless search for the best cost minimal reformulation. In contrast  , obtaining a minimal reformulation can take worst case exponential time in the size of the universal plan  , if the backchase has to inspect many subqueries before finding it. Unfortunately  , it is well known that the generation of the reachability tree takes exponential time for the general case. If a PN is a valid model of an FMS  , the scheduling problem may be translated into a search problem of finding a desired path with the lowest cost makespan in a graph structure that is the PN reachability tree Murata 1989. They use this model to generate a set of weights for terms from past queries  , terms from intermediate ranked lists and terms from clicked documents  , yielding an alternative representation of the last query in a session. If the moving direction keeps the same in the iterations  , the step increases faster than an exponential function and is given by iteration the search span at the moving direction  , a is the Fig. Notice that with the inner loop involving Step 4-7  , the moving step of the base point ,towards the minimum point increases very fast. The approach to searching these huge spaces has been to apply heuristics to effectively reduce the extent of the space. For an n clof manipulator  , the search space is exponential in n  , resulting in n * X states for a discretization x. The salient feature in timeld-automata formalism that is clocks enable us to refine the models and hence enhance our ability to address additional issues such as optimal solutions with respect to time or steps for a coordination problem involving different robots with different dynamic behaviours. A simple chemical data set of 300 molecules can require many hours to mine when the user specifies a low support threshold. A major challenge in substructure mining is that the search space is exponential with respect to the data set  , forcing runtimes to be quite long. This occurs because a worst-case Mergesort execution must alternate between the two sides of a critical conditional  , but our generator can only capture that worst-case paths are always permitted to take either branch. This suggests that using the m most recent queries as the the search context for generating recommendations will likely introduce off-topic information  , causing recommendations that seem out of place. Using a labeled sample of the AOL query log  , we observed an exponential decrease in the likelihood that the previous m queries are part of the same task as m increases see Figure 3. For taking the rank into consideration  , an exponential decay function with half-life α = 7 is proposed by Ziegler et al. Moreover  , score assigned to a leaf category qx also depends on the rank of referrals to qx: The topmost search results are assigned higher scores than those occurring towards the end of the list. Even then  , the exhaustive search is lirmted in the range and resolution of the weights considered  , and often has to be approximated by either gradient-descent or decomposmon techniques. The complexity of this approach is exponential in the number of weights  , and consequently it cannot be used with more than a few such parameters. The complexity of the planner is exponential on the number of joints  , and is of the order of Mn2nu   , where A4 is the discretization of the rectangular grid. The A  , P  , and AP surfaces are mapped to an n-dimensional grid implemented as an n-tree  , and the search for a trajectory with minimum cost is performed in this grid. Frequent substructures may provide insight into the behavior of the molecule  , or provide a direction for further investigation8. To find out the best model structure from this huge space  , an efficient search strategy is highly demanded. Heuristic search aspires to solve this problem efficiently by utilizing background knowledge encoded in a heuristic function. Exhaustively searching all the states in graph G can be extremely time consuming due to the problem of combinatorial complexity exponential growth in n. After fitting a combination of exponential and Weibull models to their data  , they report that roughly 10% of inter-modification intervals are 10 days or less and roughly 72% are 100 days or less. More recently  , Brewington & Cybenko consider the burden that modification rates place on search engines 9 . To put this into perspective  , even for the simple snowflake example with 12 nodes  , the size of the lattice is 1024 and the size of the game tree is 1024 factorial the amount of time required to search the game tree  , an astronomically large number. In particular  , this is because computing an SPNE is typically exponential in the size of the lattice. In order to prevent this exponential increase of the planning time for queries with many patterns  , we use a greedy query optimizer when the number of patterns in the query is greater than a fixed number. This means that the search space exploration time complexity is Ologn * 2 |q| . Then the document scores and their new ranks are transformed using exponential function and logarithmic function respectively. To score a resource  , CiSS gathers documents belong to that resource in the search result list  , and generates a new rank of them based on their relative order. In order to deal with configuration similarity under limited time  , Papadias et al. The only approach that could be employed is systematic search  17 18  , which due to the worst case exponential cost is not guaranteed to terminate within reasonable time. In Section 5 we present a technique based on analyzing the properties of ideal queries  , and using those observations to prune the option search space. Such a technique is difficult to realize in practice due to the exponential number of options that need to be analyzed. In this work  , we take advantage of the advancement in speech recognition  , to explore a high-quality transcribed query log  , but do not delve into speech recognition aspects. Specifically  , it was shown empirically that the score distributions on a per query basis may be fitted using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. We have demonstrated how to model the score distributions of a number of text search engines. In order to avoid this situation  , most researchers 1623 focus on a special case where all images/frames contain exactly the same set of labeled objects. First  , the complexity of the problem is  , in general  , exponential 25 and systematic search through the whole solution space does not guarantee worst case performance. Along the line of similar studies  , the statistics suggest an exponential growth of pages on the WWW. This estimate is computed by extrapolating the total number of pages in a search engines index from known or computed word frequencies of common words 1 . In general  , in the worst case we would need to look at all possible subsets of triples an exponential search space even for the simplest queries. Even though there is a single continuous period 1993–2010  , it is represented in two different triples that both intersect the interval in the query 1997  , 2003. OPTIMIZED uses memoization to avoid this exponential explosion: it never expands a rule more than once per query. BASELINE is significantly more sensitive to the number of levels: increasing the number of levels could increase the search space for the expansion exponentially in the number of rules. During the past decade colleges and universities have witnessed an exponential growth in digital information available for teaching and learning. The paper describes two applications – Visual Understanding Environment VUE  , a concept mapping application and Tufts Digital Library Search that successfully interface with this architecture to use the content of the repository. Consider now a database with numerous  , medium or large images where users can ask any type of queries i.e. , with non-fixed variables using variable relation schemes. We first show that the score distributions for a given query may be modeled using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. In this paper we model score distributions of text search engines using a novel approach. In these conditions   , the interpretation tree approach seems impracticable except for very small maps. However  , the discretized equations of motion can be formulated in such way that most of the operations can be precomputed. If the size of d is p the number of alternatives then after n steps there are pn possible target configurations  , so the search space is exponential. With a case-base on the order of ten cases  , we were able to solve a set of ASG tasks which otherwise require exponential time because of the spatial properties involved. We have shown a successful application of casebased search in the domain of assembly sequence generation . Figure 3shows the scalability of All-Significant-Pairs and LiveSet-Driven with respect to various gradient thresholds . The gradient threshold is set to ½¾  , the number of bins to ¿ and the number of probes to ¼. LiveSet-Driven achieves good scalability by pruning many cells in the search whereas All-Significant- Pairs checks a huge number of pairs of cells  , thus requires exponential runtime. This is a very important issue since if the rules were applied in an unordered and exhaustive manner there would be the problem of exponential explosion of the search space. In this section we introduce the governing strategies and mechanisms utilized in our query optimizer. Problems that are easily solved by SPPL planner can at the same time be very difficult for the best general AI planners. The occurrence of sub-itemsets in the search space is a threat when answer completeness is required. The maximal property overcomes some of the challenges of the other itemset mining approaches  , such as the possibility of producing an exponential number of frequent sub-itemsets. sheet approach all require user examination to discard unintended mappings 8  with extra effort devoted to search for mappings not automatically generated missed mappings. The changes are introduced into the XML 6 A necessarily exponential-time procedure  , in general unless P = NP. In representing distributed error conditions  , we make a key assumption: the error must be able to be represented by a fixed-size  , connected sub-ensemble of robots in specific states. T Query arrival rate described by an exponential distribution with mean 1/λ  , T = λ. ts Seek plus latency access time  , ms/postings list  , ts = 4 throughout. The i th of the M machines has ci cores used for shard search across the pi shards allocated to it  , and if allowed for resource selection and result merging. To allow larger distances to increase backtracking capability and avoid the exponential explosion  , a maximum number of markings is allowed at each level. Even for a small distance between top and bottom levels of the search window  , the number of markings will grow exponentially as the window advances. The second challenge is that the MDS's frequency threshold cannot be set as high as it is in frequent subsequence mining. The straightforward exhaustive search is apparently infeasible to this problem  , especially for highdimensional datasets. Unfortunately  , due to the exponential growth of the number of subspaces with respect to the dimension of the dataset  , the problem of outlying subspace detection is NPhard by nature. The perplexity of tweet d is given by the exponential of the log likelihood normalized by the number of words in a tweet. Tweets relevant to the event e are then ranked in ascending order with lower perplexity being more relevant to event e. Using the perplexity score instead of keyword search from each topic allows us to differentiate between the importance of different words using the inferred probabilities. In contrast  , the proposed approach in this paper leverages the exponential character of the probabilistic quadtree to dramatically reduce the state space  , which also benefits the Fig. In order to achieve the desired search objective at the required resolution i.e. , detection of a target within unit area  , the state space for a uniform grid is necessarily L × L  , or in the presented example  , 256 2 = 65  , 536 nodes. In this section  , we show how to normalize a tRDF database — later  , in Section 6  , we will show experimentally that normalization plays a big part in evaluating queries efficiently at the expense of a small increase in the storage space. Our analytical model has these features:  Pages have finite lifetime following an exponential distribution Section 5.1. Given that a modern search engines appear to be strongly influenced by popularity-based measures while ranking results  , and b users tend to focus their attention primarily on the top-ranked results 11 ,13  , it is reasonable to assume that the expected visit rate of a page is a function of its current popularity as done in 5: If n is small and d is a finite and countable set then the distribution may be computed numerically by evaluating the possible sequences of actions  , computing the resultant final configurations  , and storing the associated probabilities in a data structure. Although abstract action models capture the world dynamics compactly  , using them for planning is challenging: the state space in relational domains is exponential in the number of objects  , the search space of action sequences is huge  , and reasoning about actions is aggravated by the their stochasticity. In our work  , we use a rule-based model  , namely noisy indeterministic rules 9 which are particularly appealing  , as they can be learned effectively from experience. The key feature of the prophet graph  , is that we can use it to compute the solution to the query without having to refer to the original graph G. Though PRO-HEAPS still has exponential computational complexity in the worst case  , in practice it is able to execute queries in real time as shown in our Section 4. This heuristic then guides an A* search  , which takes place directly on the prophet graph. The ontology building experience in my Grid suggests the need of automated tools that support the ontology curator in his work  , especially now with the exponential increase of the number of bioinformatics services. 3 http://oiled.man.ac.uk 4 http://www.hgmp.mrc.ac.uk/Software/EMBOSS/Apps/ A part of this ontology  , further referred to as the application ontology  , provides concepts for annotating web service descriptions in a forms based annotation tool Pedro 5 and is subsequently used at discovery time with or without reasoning to power the search 25. Because NDCG focuses on ranking for top pairs  , it is extensively used to measure and compare the performances of rankers or search engines. As an example  , suppose if we have 100 pairs on the scene to grasp and if we misclassify top 5 pairs  , we might just end up with a classifier with 95% classification accuracy; whereas  , if we use NDCG as the measure with k = 10  , i.e. , we care only about top 10 pairs  , because Φ has an exponential component  , any misranking of the top pairs will result in a bigger loss for N DCG 10 . Our approach differs in three ways: our method for finding the internal grasp force can be carried on efficiently during the computation of the robot dynamics 9; we use a penalty-based optimization rather than a potentially exponential search; and we deal directly with the frictional constraints  , which requires knowing or estimating only the coefficient of kinetic friction between the fin ers and the grasped object. Bicchi simulated the frictional constraints using a set virtual springs  , and a stiffness matrix representing the elasticity of the object . We use the log-likelihood LL and the Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance KS-distance 8 to evaluate the goodness-of-fit of and . The KS-distance as defined below In general  , a better fit corresponds to a bigger LL and/or a smaller KS-distance. The criterion used to1 detect this phenomena comes from the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 13. Mitosis is essential because  , after some training  , there can be nodes that try to single-handedly model two distinctly different clusters. A more difficult bias usually causes a greater proportion of features to fail KS. We have thus demonstrated how the Kolmogorov- Smirnov Test may be used in identifying the proportion of features which are significantly different within two data samples. The tasks compared the result 'click' distributions where the length of the summary was manipulated. 3 These judgements were analysed with the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test KS test to determine whether two given samples follow the same distribution 15. D is the maximum vertical deviation as computed by the KS test. An * indicates that the Kolmogorov- Smirnov test did not confirm a significant di↵erence p > 0.05 between the indicated bin and the fourth bin. In all cases  , the PL hypothesis provides a p-value much lower than 0.1 our choice of the significance level of the KS-test. We use the Kolmogorov- Smirnov test KS  , whose p-values are shown in the last column of Table 3. The HEC utilizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test to determine the compactness of a data cluster 13  , and decide if a node should be divided mitosis to better model what might be two different clusters. Perhaps the best example of a  It also permits nodes which can represent topographical cues to be freely added and/or removed. Moreover  , two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test of the samples in the two groups indicates that the difference of the two groups is statistically significant . The figures also clearly indicate that the density curve for Rel:SameReviewer is more concentrated around zero than Rel:DifferentReviewer for all three categories. Their methods automatically estimate the scaling parameter s  , by selecting the fit that minimizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS D − statistic. Given the retrieval measurements taken for a particular query set and length  , we determined whether the retrieval effectiveness followed a power law distribution by applying the statistical methods by Clauset et al 3. To answer RQ1  , for each action ID we split the observed times in two context groups  , which correspond to different sets of previous user interactions  , and run the two-sample twosided Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 14 to determine whether the observed times were drawn from the same distribution. Experiment 1. Tague and Nelson 16 validated whether the performance of their generated queries was similar to real queries across the points of the precision-recall graph using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS Test. In order to establish replicative validity of a query model we need to determine whether the generated queries from the model are representative of the corresponding manual queries. It reaches a maximum MRR of 0.879 when trained with 6 data sources and then saturates  , retaining almost the same MRR for higher number of training data sources used. Figure 2 clearly shows that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS-test-based approach achieves much higher MRR than the other 4 approaches for all number of labelled data sources used in training. Users were asked in the post-task questionnaire which summary made the users want to know more about the underlying document . Similar to the Mann-Whitney test  , it does not assume normal distributions of the population and works well on samples with unequal sizes. We also considered the two-sample Kolmogorov -Smirnov KS Test 6  , a non-parametric test that tests if the two samples are drawn from the same distribution by comparing the cumulative distribution functions CDF of the two samples. The KS test is slightly more powerful than the Mann-Whitney's U test in the sense that it cares only about the relative distribution of the data and the result does not change due to transformations applied to the data. Our experiments on numeric data show that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test achieves the highest label prediction accuracy of the various statistical hypothesis tests. While this difference is visually apparent  , we also ensure it is statistically significant using two methods: 1 the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test  , and 2 a permutation test  , to verify that the two samples are drawn from different probability distributions. In both cases  , suspended and deviant users are visibly characterized by different distributions: suspended users tend to have higher deviance scores than deviant not suspended users. If you assume that the two samples are drawn from distributions with the same shape  , then it can be viewed as a comparison of the medians of the two samples. The null hypothesis states that the observed times were drawn from the same distribution  , which means that there is no context bias effect. The exception to this trend is Mammography   , which reports zero correlation categorically  , as within each test either all or none of the features fail the KS test except for some MCAR trials for which failure occurred totally at random. Moreover  , IMRank always works well with simple heuristic rankings  , such as degree  , strength. We also prove the convergence of IMRank and analyze the impact of initial ranking. Therefore  , IMRank is robust to the selection of initial ranking  , and IMRank works well with an initial ranking prefering nodes with high influence  , which could be obtained efficiently in practice. A bad initial ranking prefers nodes with low influence. In sum  , we have theoretically and empirically demonstrated the convergence of IMRank. Therefore  , one can stop IMRank safely in practice by checking the change of top-k nodes between two successive iterations. With the empirical results we conclude:  With different initial rankings  , IMRank could converge to different self-consistent rankings. Performance of IMRank with Random initial ranking and Random ranking alone are averaged over 50 trials. In this section  , we first theoretically prove the convergence of IMRank. Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr After each iteration of IMRank  , a ranking r is adjusted to another ranking r ′ . However  , IMRank consistently improves the initial rankings in terms of obtained influence spread. However  , the improvements of IMRank seems more visible under the TIC model. In addition  , under the two different diffusion models  , IMRank shows similar improvements on influence spread from the relative improvement angle. Therefore  , the running time of IMRank is affordable. dmax equals to the largest indegree among all nodes when l = 1. We explore those questions by empirically simulating IMRank with five typical initial rankings as follows  , Empirical results on the HEPT dataset under the WIC model are reported in Figure 3  , to compare the performance of IMRank with different initial rankings  , as well as the performance of those rankings alone. If not  , what initial ranking corresponds to a better result ? This indicates that IMRank is efficient at solving the influence maximization problem via finding a final self-consistent ranking. We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. According to extensive experiment results  , T is always significantly smaller than k. Besides  , dmax is usually much smaller than n  , e.g. Finally  , the time complexity of IMRank is OnT dmax log dmax  , where T is the number of iterations IMRank takes before convergence.  We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. IMRank achieves both remarkable efficiency and high accuracy by exploiting the interplay between the calculation of ranking-based marginal influence spread and the ranking of nodes.  We design an efficient last-to-first allocating strategy to approximately estimate the ranking-based marginal influence spread of nodes for a given ranking  , further improving the efficiency of IMRank. IMRank only takes 3 and 5 iterations to achieve a stable and high influence spread under the two models respectively. We employ the relative influence spread  , i.e. , the ratio of the obtained influence spread in each iteration to the obtained influence spread when IMRank converges. Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in Thus  , it helps IMRank to converge to a good ranking if influential nodes are initially ranked high. Figure 2a shows the percent of different nodes in two successive iterations. We run IMRank to select 50 seed nodes. Since IMRank is guaranteed to converge to a self-consistent ranking from any initial ranking  , it is necessary to extend the discussion to its dependence on the initial ranking: does an arbitrary initial ranking results in a unique convergence ? Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in The consistent performance of IMRank1 and IMRank2 demonstrates the effectiveness of IMRank. With the running time dramatically reduced  , IMRank1 still achieves better influence spread which is about 5.5% and 4.5% higher than that of IRIE and PMIA respectively. The inconsistent performance of PMIA and IRIE under the two diffusion models illustrates that both PMIA and IRIE are unstable. IMRank2 consistently provides better influence spread than PMIA and IRIE  , and runs faster than them. Figure 2b depicts the influence spread of top-50 nodes. To combat this problem  , we propose a Last-to-First Allocating LFA strategy to efficiently estimate Mr  , leveraging the intrinsic interdependence between ranking and ranking-based marginal influence spread. However  , prohibitively high computational cost makes it impractical for IMRank. The time and space complexity of IMRank with the generalized LFA strategy is low. The LFA strategy is a special case of the generalized LFA strategy with l = 1. The influence spread of top-k nodes seems always converges with smaller number of iterations than the convergence of the set of top-k nodes. To combat the above problem  , we propose a generalized LFA strategy that trades a slight increase in running time for better accuracy in estimating Mr  , and therefore improves the performance of IMRank on influence spread. When v1 is selected as a seed  , it is possible that it activates v3 and then v3 as an intermediate agent activates v2. Since each Ik has an upper bound i.e. , n  , IMRank eventually converges to a self-consistent ranking within a finite number of iterations  , starting from any initial ranking. Based on the above conclusion  , as long as the current ranking is not a self-consistent ranking  , in each iteration all the values of Ik1 ≤ k ≤ n are nondecreasing  , and at least one Ik increases. This prevents a sort consisting of many runs from taking too much sort space for merge buffers. exMax: maximum memory for an external merge. When reaching this limit  , a sort converts to u5 ing multiple merge steps. This saves a pass over the data by combining the last merge pass of external sort with join-merge pass. This is the same optimization done in the standard two-pass sort-merge join  , implemented by many database systems. However  , the double skew case was not considered. sort-merge. call this distributed out-of-core sort. We Figure 2 : Three-tiered distributed sort on Cell  , using bitonic merge. LESS's merge passes of its external-sort phase are the same as for standard external sort  , except for the last merge pass. Thus the collection performs well to eliminate other records. The division of queries into the three classes would also he valid for Sort-Merge and Neslcd Loop join. This could bc used cvcn with other join methods like nestedloop and sort-merge. An important difference  , however  , is that the merge phase of Diag-Join does not assume that the tuples of either relation are sorted on the join attributes. In essence  , Diag-Join is a sort-merge join without the sort phase. A " log merge " application used for comparison and described below renormalizes the relevance scores in each result set before sorting on the normalized relevance scores. We used the GNU sort application the " sort merge "  on the relevance scores in the domain result sets for a topic as a baseline merge application to merge the results into a single ranked list. However  , the problem of optimizing nested queries considering parameter sort orders is significantly different from the problem of finding the optimal sort orders for merge joins. Having a sort order of the parameters across calls that matches the sort order of the inner query gives an effect similar to merge join. Sort bufler size is the size of a data buffer for inmemory sort/merge. The one sort space limit is used by memory-static sort as the default memory size. The latter join is implemented as a three-way mid 4 -outer sort-merge join. keys. The five sorts are: Straight insertion  , Quicksort  , Heapsort  , List/Merge sort and Distribution Counting sort. Their characteristics are given by Table 2. So the default Join could have been planned with sort-merge before performing the rewrite. TLC-C by default enables unordered results up to the final Sort operation. exMin: minimum memory for an external merge. This bound prevents a very large sort from taking too much sort space when there are competing sorts in the system. We used the UNIX sort utility in the implementation of the sort merge outerjoin. We ran the experiments on a DEC Alpha 3000/400 workstation running UNIX. The result sets for each topic from each Web domain name were saved to disk. The nesting of subqueries makes certain orderings impossible  , whereas merge join is at liberty to sort the inputs as it sees fit. More memory is required for sorting the two input tables and the performance of sort-merge join depends largely on sort performance. Sort-merge join uses little memory for the actual join except when there are many rows with the same value for the join columns. Further  , each predicate is annotated with an access method; i.e. , at most2 two access methods per rule. Two join methods are considered: nested loop NL and ordered merge OM such as sort merge or hash merge. Concretely   , bitonic sort involves lg m phases  , where each phase consists of a series of bitonic merge procedures. Bitonic sort makes use of successive bitonic merges to fully sort a given list of items. The Sort property of the AE operator specifies the procedure to be used to sort the relation if a merge-sort join strategy was selected to implement the query. was executed. CellSort is based on distributed bitonic merge with a SIMDized bitonic sorting kernel. The distributed outof-core sort makes use of the distributed in-core sort  , which in turn makes use of the local sort. sort-merge joins are vulnerable to memory fluctuations due to their large memory requirements. Like external sorts. There is no need for complex sort/merge programs. 2 The software necessary for these systems is quite simple. The performance in comparison with Sort/Merge depends on the join selectivity. Basically   , the same rules apply to this case. A SIMDized bitonic sorting kernel is used to sort items locally in the local stores of the SPEs  , a distributed in-core bitonic merge is used to merge local store resident local sort results  , and a distributed out-ofcore bitonic merge is used to merge the results of a number of main memory resident in-core sort results. Large number of items  , that do not fit into the total space provided by the local stores of the participating SPEs  , are sorted using a three-tiered approach. This reduces the number of input runs for subsequent merge steps  , thereby making them less vulnerable to memory fluctuations. an external sort deals with memory shortages by initiating a merge step that fits the remaining memory. One page less of memory will result in another merge step. Since the amount of data is known at the start of the merge step  , the sort is able to allocate exactly the amount of memory needed. In the cast of sort-merge joins  , queries could hc divided into small  , medium and large classes hascd on the size of the memory needed for sorting the relations. These query groups arc listed in Figure" tcnthoustup " relations  , all ol' the nested loops metllods lost to the sort-merge methods cvcn though the SOI-TV merge methods must sort these large relations. As hcforc  , the result site is taken to he the join site l.or these tests. Nonetheless  , the log-merge method does significantly improve result-set merging performance relative to a straightforward sort operation on relevance scores. Seemingly little information is available from the relevance score vs. rank profile used by the log-merge method. This is hccausc the amount 01 work saved through sorting sig- nificantlv outweighs the work requir-cd IO pcrlol-m the sorts. However  , performing such a merge-sort on 1 ,200 GB of data is prohibitively expensive. One way to rectify this would be to perform a merge-sort of the logs based on their URL  , in order to bring together the various occurrences of each URL. Illustration of k-merge phases: Figure 3 gives an illustration of bitonic sort for m = 8. We refer to the ith phase of bitonic sort as the k-merge phase  , where k = 2 i and a k-sorted list is generated. E.g. , Given two topic names  , " query optimization " and " sort-merge join "   , the Prerequisite metalink instance " query optimization Pre sort-merge join  , with importance value 0.8 " states that " prerequisite to viewing  , learning  , etc. Metalinks represent relationships among topics not sources; i.e. , metalinks are " meta " relationships. Since the output of merge join is pre-sorted in addition to being pre-partitioned on the city  , the grouping operator uses a sort-grouping strategy. Since each partition of Emp is presorted  , it may be cheapest to use a sort-merge join for joining corresponding partitions. While the sort is executing this merge step  , the available memory is reduced to 8 buffers. To illustrate this  , suppose that the merge phase of an external sort started with IO runs and I I buffers  , which allowed all runs to be merged at once as in Figure 2a. Since extra memory will help reduce the amount of I/O  , additional memory is very important to a sort in this stage. When there is enough memory to merge all remaining runs in one step  , the sort allo cates enough space  , and goes to the last merge step right away. If not  , another merge pass has to be done before commencing the SF passes. Given two equal length lists of items  , sorted in opposing directions  , the bitonic merge procedure will create a combined list of sorted items. Bitonic sort makes use of a key procedure called bitonic merge. We treat merge joins as three different operations. If  , however  , any input is already sorted then the corresponding sort operation is unnecessary and the merge join can be pipelined. When the number of runs is large relative to available memory  , multiple merge steps may be needed. If the number of runs is small  , we attempt to allocate enough memory to complete the sort with a single merge step. The sort-and-merge includes sorting hash tables  , writing them to temporary run-files and merging the run-files into the final XML document. The time spent on the sort-and-merge takes up most of the running time over 70%. Instead of completing this step before performing Iv linal merge as discussed previously  , the sort operator can switch to the tinal merge directly. Suppose that  , while Ihc sort is executing the preliminary step the step with the solid arrows in Figure 2b  , the available memory increases to 1 I pages apain. The final merge phase of the join can proceed only when the slower of these two operations is completed. For example  , the scan and sort of Sl could be scheduled in parallel with the scan and sort of S2. On the other hand  , waiting increases the sort's response time. Proceeding immediately without waiting may cause a small sort to rely on external merging or a sort with relatively few runs to resort to multiple merge steps. Large sorts were typically caused by sort-merge joins or groupby. Many of the TPC-D queries also require a sort of the final result   , which usually is small. So we adopt the variable-length two-way merge sort method. If we number variables left-to-right in character strings of terms  , we can obtain the lexicographic order by variable length character sort. Transformation T 2 : Each physical join operator e.g. , hash join  , sort-merge join  , nested-loops join in P is replaced with a logical join operator. These operators include projection  , hash  , sort  , and duplicate elimination. For the sake of clarity  , when illustrating query plans we omitted the class acc of the operator. We implement a simple  , pipelined σ physical operator  , and two flavors of join: sort-merge sort   , and hash hash . In both systems large aggregations  , which often include large sort operations are widespread . The access paths in a 3NF DSS system are often dominated by large hash or sort-merge joins  , and conventional index driven joins are also common. I The sort merge methods can never execute laster than the time it takes to sort and scan the larger ol its relations. Thcsc nvo factors alone account for ahout 90% of the elapsed time. The nested loops join methods ar ? However  , note that a sort-merge anti-join cannot be used if the correlated query block is part of a procedure or function where as NISR can be used in this case. A sort-merge anti-join implementation if present and used would perform exactly same as NISR and hence we have not consider it here explicitly. The sort-merge scmi ,join methods SSSRI and PSSM rcqulrc a similar numher of' disk acccsscs. At site Sb  , the sort-merge join methods SJSM and SJNL both require the same number of' disk accesses -this number is the sum of'the ~CCCSSCS required lor sorting relation R  , and those needed to scan Rb once to send its luplcs to S ,. This achieves better performance and scalability without sacrificing document ordering. We sort the two input sequences based on their join values  , merge them and then sort the output based on the node id of the first sequence. We do not allow a sort to increase or decrease its work space arbitrarily but restrict the size to be within a specified range. The unit of memory adjustment is a data buffer plus the space for additional data structure for sorting. We now describe the details of k-merge phases. Note that there are lg m = 3 phases of the sort  , namely a 2-merge phase to yield a 2-sorted list  , a 4-merge phase to yield a 4-sorted list  , and an 8-merge phase to yield the final sorted list. This increased our discovery rate by almost an order of magnitude. We rewrote the classifier and distiller to maximally exploit the I/O efficiency of sort-merge joins. If many output tuples am generated  , the Hash Loop Join will perform better. The basic sort merge join first sorts the two input files. Using this probability  , we can compute the expected number of days before an error occurs. For VerticalSQL  , this involves selection on the key predicates  , fetching the tuples  , sorting them on Oid  , and doing a merge sort join. This property gets pushed down to Sort and then Merge. However  , Group which groups by c custkey requires its input be grouped by this attribute c custkey G . Instead of a complete sorting  , merge sort can serve the same purpose and save. The objects are sorted by D 1   , D 2  in the parent node. Note that tuple substitution corresponds to the nested iteration method of join implementation BLAS77. sort-merge for implementing the join instead of always using tuple substitution. We will discuss the results in Section 6.5. Surprisingly   , we find in our experiments that the cache-stationary join phase performs as well as the sort-merge implementation . Their approach can be considered as the " opposite " of an N-way merge sort. BSW97  presents an approach for bulk-loading multi-dimensional index structures  , e.g. , R-trees. In the remainder of this section we describe each of these methods in turn. The las~ two letters indicate either sort-merge  " SM "  or nested loops  " NL "  join. However  , the sort-merge is done out-of-memory 5 . Counting the number of IPs shared by any pair of sites requires one scan on the sorted data. currently ilnplemented  , this could be optimized by COIIIbining the final merge with the separate merges inside the two calls to sort-when. Although uol. sources on sort-merge join "   , and this metalink instance is deemed to have the importance sideway value of 0.8. sources on query optimization is viewing  , learning  , etc. The approach can be characterized as a generalization of an N-way merge sort. Similar to LHAM  , a continuous reorganization of data is proposed. between query blocks as an explicit join enables the optimizer to consider alternative methods e.g. In the case of split. This leads us to the important conclusion that pipelined strategy is optimal when database is memory resident  , because the sort-merge technique is useless. SQL/D& OBE. Our work falls in the class of sequential indexing. sort-merge 8  , 9  , 10  , the spatial indexing 12   , and the sequential index- ing 5  , 13. Gradually we started using the DBMS in more advanced ways. We assume that the number of items to be sorted  , m  , is an exact power of 2. There are two main problems in synopsis construction scenarios. However simple divide and conquer think merge-sort does not work in these scenarios. Self joins of leaves and joins between two leaves are performed by using sort-merge join. We also recursively join each child with its right-adjacent sibling. We use a TRIE representation of variablelength character strings to avoid readjusting comparison starting points. In this case  , preliminary merge steps are required to reduce the number of runs before the final merge can be carried out. When the source relation is large relative to the available memory  , the database system may not be able to allocate enough buffers to a sort operator for it to merge all of its runs in a single step. Along these lines it is beneficial to reuse available grouping properties  , usually for hash-based operators. They presented the concept of interesting orderings and showed how redundant sort operations could be avoided by reusing available orderings  , rendering sort-based operators like sort-merge join much more interesting. When a sort fails to allocate more memory  , it can either wait or proceed with its current work space. To our knowledge  , the issue of finding an optimal plan taking into account sort orders for parameters of subqueries or procedures has not been addressed in the past. The importance of exploiting available orderings has been recognized in the seminal work of Selinger et al 4. The only difference between Bitonic/sample sort and Bitonic/sample merge is that the initial sorting step is not required because the local lists are already sorted. These are variations of the Bitonic sort Bat68  , KGGK94J and sample sort LLS+93  , KGGK94 . The buffers of the external sort can be taken away once it has been suspcndcd. The most straightforward approach to deal with memory shortages that occur during the merge phase of an external sort is for the DBMS to suspend the external sort altogether. Put another way  , the parent relation is clustered optimally for NL-SORT since it is in unique2 order. We remind the reader that NL-SORT is essentially a sort-merge join -the child relation is sorted by its foreign key field and then the parent's clustered primary key index is used to retrieve corresponding parent records in physical order. The data sites send sorted files directly to the host which ei& ciently " merges " them without doing sort key comparisons . We will exploit the size difference between the sort key and the entire record by sending only sort keys from the data sites to the merge sites. In summary  , our variant of mergesort has three phases: an in-buffer sort phase which sorts data within a buffer  , an in-memory merge phase which produces runs by merging sorted buffers  , and an external merge phase which merges sorted runs. However  , we retain part of the solution: once the fan-in for a merge step has been determined depending on available memory we always merge the smallest remaining runs. Besides the drawbacks of suspension and paging that we discussed in the introduction  , these hybrid approachcs would also prevent an external sort from taking advantage ol extra memory beyond the initially allocated amount Ihn may become available while the sort is in the merge phase. leaving the DBMS to suspend an affected external sMt or page its buffers when iC is ill the merge phase. Our impiemcntation of paging works as follows: The external sort keeps a copy of the current tuple of each input run in its private work space  , where the tuples are merged. Another obvious way to deal with memory Iluctuations during the merge phase is to resort to MRU paging whencvcr the memory available to an external sort is insufficient to hold all the input buffers for its current merge step. MergeTraces is essentially the merge function of merge sort  , using the position of events in the trace for comparison events in trace slices are listed chronologically. Function Slice for i ← 1 to n do HandleEvent collects all intermediate trace slices corresponding to θ's subinstances . Result sets from each host name D for each topic were truncated at the top Cr |D| = 0.0005|D| documents  , rounding up to the next largest integer. The top performing topics from each of our sort merge and log merge experiments were used to investigate the effect of truncating the result sets before merging. At each level of this hierarchy   , only a single B+-tree exists unless a merge is currently performed   , which creates temporary trees. In terms of this approach  , LHAM can be considered to perform a 2-way merge sort whenever data is migrated to the next of Ii components in the LHAM storage hierarchy. often turns out to be sub-optimal because of significant changes that occur in the external sort's memory allocation during the preliminary merge steps. In this experiment  , where external sorts frequently experience large fluctuations in their allocated memory  , the number of runs that an external sort selects for the first preliminary merge step during a split  , whether according to naive or based on opt. For example  , if Cr = 0.0005 then a maximum of five results will be retained in a result set from a domain with 10 ,000 documents. We shall introduce this provision by continuing our earlier example. I laving discussed how dynamic splitting breaks a merge step into sub-steps in response to a memory reduction  , we now present Ihc provision in the dynamic splitting strategy that allows an cxtemal sort to combine existing merge steps to take advantage of extra buffers as they become available. instead of first sorting all and then merging all the partitions  , we sort and immediately merge the partitions. After looking at the cache profile of the PartitionedSort we notice that the cache misses could be further reduced in the merge phase by fusing the sorting and merging of each of the partitions i.e. For now we will only focus on the status of the 8-item list after the k-merge phases lists below dashed horizontal phase separators. If a memory shortage occurs  , causing the available memory to become less than the buffer requirement of the current merge step  , the sort operator can immediately stop the c , ,rrenl step  , split it into a number of sub-steps  , and then start execuling the lirst sub-step. preliminary merge step. The full merge is not very competitive in cost  , because each element is accessed  , but it is actually a tough competitor in terms of running time  , because of the significant bookkeeping overhead incurred by all the treshold methods. We also implemented a full merge of the index lists followed by a partial sort to obtain the top-k results. The assumption deviates from reality when there are no indices and the database chooses multi-way merge-sort joins. The assumption always held for the Oracle 8i DBMS that we used in our TPC-H-based experimentation. The first phase merges each even-indexed item index starts from 0 with the item immediately following it  , in alternating directions . We do not further discuss in-core merges. An incore merge is similar to an in-core sort  , in the sense that it includes cross-SPE merges and local merges. Our sort testbed is able to generate temporally skewed input based on the above model. Figure 15: Estimated and observed merge time for skewed input when using 3MB of memory for buffers. Our initial intuition is that a sort-merge based join phase should be applied in this case. Our inspection approach can also detect relations that are nearly-sorted on the join key. All the triplets are generated by performing a single pass over the output sorted file. This file is sorted lexicography using external memory merge sort such that all identical keyword pairs appear together in the output. We also assume that the host extracts tuples from the communication messages and returns them to the application program. In other words  , we do not carry out any comparison-based global sort or global merge at the host site. We have presented efficient concurrency control and recovery schemes for both techniques . We studied two techniques to cluster data incrementally as it arrives  , one based on sort-merge and the other on hashing. Alternatively  , if we can produce the path matches in the order of return nodes  , then the path join cannot use the efficient merge join method. Hence a post-sort becomes unavoidable. Both CPU and I/O costs of executing a query are considered. A detailed performance model on the cost of sort-merge joins and system parameters used is given in Section 4. Our next project is to extend the model so a.s to ha.ndlc multi-way joins and sort-merge joins. Finally  , we would like to measure the payofrs we can get on more reallife worklon.ds. First  , both relations R and S are sorted on the join attribute by using an efficient sorting mechanism e.g. The in-memory sort merge join BE771 works as follows. We study the scalability of our framework  , using the mapping in Example 1 and two other mappings derived from it. However the impact of hashing on the total time is small because the sort-merge dominates the total time. If the IGNITE optimizer chooses a sort-merge join for a query involving such sources  , the sorting operations will be executed by the engine of IGNITE. For this situation  , it is impossible to push sorting down. Figure 8shows an example of this technique in action. Since the tuples within each block are sorted by timestamp  , a merge sort is employed to retrieve the original order of tuples across the different blocks in the run. Thus  , the third heuristic is: 'The Cornell and Yu results apply to hash-based  , sort-merge  , and nested loops join methods. Thus  , if there is no other option  , M&M may choose to ignore its disk queue length limiting heuristic. During the sorting phase  , tuples in a relation are first sorted into multiple ~~172s according to a certain sort key Knu73. A mergesort involves two phases: sorting phase and merge phase. While performing the decorrelation of NOT IN queries we assumed the availability of sort-merge anti-join. The plans employing magic decorrelation were manually composed with the supplementary table materialized. The previous section described how we can scan compressed tuples from a compressed table  , while pushing down selections and projections. We discuss four such operators next: index-scan  , hash join  , sort-merge join  , and group-by with aggregation. Most other operators  , except aggregations  , can be changed to operate directly on these tuplecodes. Future work includes extending our techniques beyond insert-only environments  , to allow updates of existing unary operators including sequential scan  , index scan and clustered index scan ; l binary operators including nested join  , index join and sort-merge join ; . Our model covers the following common operators : . nary operator corresponding to pointer chasing. Obviously there is a lot of overhead in carrying around intermediate XML fragments. For example  , to apply RDBMS for merging XML fragments  , we may need to sort the keys at higher levels of XML fragments first  , merge the XML fragments based on the higher-level keys  , and then sort the lower-level keys for each common higher-level key. When the set of items to be sorted does not fit into the collective space provided by the local stores of the SPEs  , the sort has to be taken " out-of-core "   , which involves moving data back-andforth between the local stores and the main memory. By introducing this join and adjusting the optimization level for the the DB2 query optimizer  , we could generate the correct plans. A workaround this problem is to introduce a join of the tuple stream produced by the selection with a table of Oid's and cajole the optimizer to pick a merge sort join plan  , thereby forcing a sort on Oid. Therefore  , the scan task is also responsible for returning the sorted records to the host site. In order to distinguish the work between merging the sort keys and returning the sorted records to the host  , the data sites do not send sorted records to the host site until all the sort keys have been sent to the merge sites. If acute shortage of memory space occurs  , a sort in this phase could " roll back " its input and release the last buffers acquired. When the sort reaches the end of input or cannot acquire more buffer space  , it proceeds to the in-memory merge phase. Instead  , one could implement a multi-pass on-disk merge sort within the reducer. Although we pointed out the scalability bottleneck associated with sorting the postings in the reducer  , in actuality  , there is no principled reason why this needs to be an in-memory sort. For the sorting problem  , however  , we assume the host gathers sorted records in such a way that does not require sort key comparison. This reduces disk seek costs  , as opposed to fetching the buffers on demand. Hash Loop Joins w still have better performance than Sort/Merge gins  , but they may also be more expensive. This situation is described by DeWi%S  , Naka881 as Harh Loop Join. While conceptually this is a very simple change  , it is somewhat more difficult in our setup as it would require us to open up and modify the TPIE merge sort. We believe that such an implementation would slightly outperform MPBSM. The second query tree uses the join predicate on city and repartitions the Dep table. As with suspension  , paging enables an external sort to relinquish its buffers as and when they are needed for replacement or for release to the DBMS. It then waits for all data sites to send their distribution tables. When it receives the request for a sort  , it sends the request to all data sites and merge sites. There must  , however  , be a very efficient inner loop which is executed a number of times proportional to the signature file size. We compute such a cuboid by merging these runs  , like the merge step of external sort  , aggregating duplicates if necessary . For SortRun  , we now have a set of sorted runs on disk. index join  , nested loops join  , and sort-merge join are developed and used to compare the average plan execution costs for the different query tree formats. Analytic cost functions for hash-join. These will be the candidate plans with early group-by. In that case  , we will consider the major to minor ordering R.d  , R.b for nested loop and R.b  , R.d for sort-merge. require both input streams to be co-located at the same site  , and the sort-merge flavor of JOIN requires both streams to be sorted on their respective join columns. For ex-ample  , all dyadic LOLEPOPs JOIN  , UNION  , etc. The same redundancy arises in libraries that provide specialized implementations of functionalities already available in other components of the system. For instance  , the GNU Standard C++ Library implements its basic stable sorting function using insertion-sort for small sequences  , and merge-sort for the general case. Like regular hash teams  , such sortbased query techniques are only attractive if the columns of at least some of the join and group-by operations are the same. Sort/merge-joins and sort-based aggregations can also be used to execute join/group-by queries. In general  , such a change might make it more difficult to utilize existing  , highly optimized external sort procedures. After the split  , the sort immedialcly starts to work on the preliminary step. The sort operator responds by splitting Ihc merge into a preliminary step that merges R  , to R4 into R ,4 assuming " optimized " merging  , and a final step that merges H   , 4 with KJ to X , ,  , into R ,- , , ,. It is ideally suited for data already stored on a distributed file system which offers data replication as well as the ability to execute computations locally on each data node. Map-Reduce is essentially a distributed grep-sort-aggregate or  , in database terminology   , a distributed execution engine for select-project via sequential scan  , followed by hash partitioning and sort-merge group-by. In summary  , the plan generator considers and evaluates the space of plans where the joins have exactly two arguments . This implies that this procedure line 1-4 can be fully parallelized  , by partitioning the collection into sub-collections. Moreover  , this sort-merge-join operates on a document basis. We call such allowable plans MHJ plans. In the first step we exclude from consideration query plans with nested-loop join operators  , while allowing every other operator including sort-merge and hash joins. The sort-merge equijoin produces a result that is sorted and hence grouped on its join attributes c nationkey. Summarized briefly  , this result follows from the following reasoning: 1. In this case  , the query is divided into three different sub-queries. These modifications are very simple but are not presented here due to space limitations. The modifications to the operator dependency graphs required to support the sort-merge join method can be found in SCHN89b. If only few tuples match the join condition  , a Sort/Merge Join will need fewer disk accesses and will be faster. A similar situation arises when data is added to the system . More interestingly   , we can use a sort-merge join based approach to join the set of predicates with the set of tuples in the S-Data SteM. To verify our intuition  , we implemented an inspection mechanism to detect nearly-sorted tuples. The dramatic improvement over university INGRES is due to the use of a sort-merge algo- rithm. However  , our measurements clearly show that for joins without indices commercial INGRES is the only system to always provide acceptable performance. On the other hand  , in a multiuser environment much less buffer space may actually be available. For example  , one can join two 450 megabyte objects by reading both into main memory and then performing a main-memory sort-merge. In this way  , the work space increases gradually  , one buffer at a time. It checks the available memory before each merge step and adjusts the fan-in accordingly. Stage 5: The number of runs could not be merged in a single step and the sort is performing intermediate merges during this stage. This step is combined with the computation of cuboids that are descendants of that cuboid. IICHI optimal. For centralized joins  , it was found in Blas7h that  , except for very small relations  , 111~ nested loops @in or sort-merge  ,toin methods were always optimal 01. This was particularly important in the sort-merge  ,join cast. Second  , random attribute value distrihulions arc desirable in order IO provide an unhiased lrcalment of each of the join methods. Thus  , an optimizer generates only a small number of interesting orders. The only interesting orders that are generated are those that are due to choice of a join method e.g. , sort-merge or existing physical access paths. Fcwcr pages for the heap-sort results in more merge passes; and fewer pages for the hash probiug may result in thrashing. It is now optimal to tlevotcb 20 pages to the heap-sort and the other 80 to hash probing. It is not possible to accurately extrapolate the merge time that would be required for a full-sized database. For a terabyte of data  , 400 such sort-steps would be required  , for a sort-tune of approximately 90 ,ooO seconds about a day. If a team member checks-in some changes that are subsequently found to break previously checked-in code then there has been a breakdown of some sort. It is important to maintain discipline in this merge  , test  , check-in sequence. Note that PerfPlotter cannot guarantee that the worst-case paths will actually be explored due to the heuristics nature. By comparing their performance distributions  , merge sort is the better choice in this context. In the remainder of the paper we develop the INUM in two steps. The shared S-only component can now be applied exactly once. According to experiment results  , a mapping with one more nesting level used about 20 more seconds on hashing. We now augment the sort merge outerjoin with compression shown in Figure 1 . So  , if an uncompressed file is size IFI  , the compressed size will be IJ'I/u blocks long. As mentioned earlier  , the sort-merge join method is used. Executor traverses the query plan tree and carries out join operations sequentially according to join sequence numbers determined by Optimizer. For SJSI\4  , the two relations are each sorted al their local sites first IO increase parallelism. The two relations arc then joined at site S  , using either the sort-merge method SJSh4 or the nested loops method SJNL. As ohservcd in the mcasuremcnts at S ,  , the sort-merge methods require more disk accesses than the nested loops methods due IO sorting. Similar trends are ohserved at site S ,. Its software is much simpler and it does not need complex sort/merge packages using multiple intermediate disk accesses for composed queries. The former is much more flexible as it easily allows online insertion and update. This makes possible to propose similar formulas with coefficients to estimate their costs. First  , low level operators in most commercial DBMSs are very similar  , for example  , scan  , index scan  , nested join  , sort merge join  , depth first pointer chasing  , etc. We have implemented block nested-loop and hybrid hash variants. Anti-Semijoin For an anti-semijoin El I ? ,  , E2 all common implementation alternatives like sort merge  , hash  , and nested-loops come into account. The key observation when considering stop-&-go operators  , such as sorting used in aggregations  , merge joins  , etc. Similarly  , during the output phase queries requesting similar sort operations can share the sort's output values  , once they become available. Sort-merge duplicate elimination also divides the input relation  , but uses physical memory loads as the units of division. The result is produced by performing an in-memory duplicate elimination on each of the derived buckets. We believe it should be reasonably easy to integrate our techniques into an existing database system. One contribution of this paper has been to show that a well-designed sort-merge based scheme performs better than hashing. Note that runs may be of variable length because work space size may change between runs. When a sort cannot be completed entirely in memory   , the in-memory merge produces runs and external merging is required. The same techniques can be applied to other memory intensive operations  , join being the obvious candidate. Since only foreign keys that meet the ÑÑÒ ×ÙÔÔ condition are kept in the join node  , no redundant join is performed. The join can be done using a hash based or sort merge technique. As stated in the introduction  , our work extends hash teams so that they become applicable in situations in which the columns of the join and group-by operations are not the same. All subsequent passes of external sort are merge passes. Pass zero of the standard external sort routine reads in b pages of the data  , sorts the records across those b pages say  , using quicksort   , and writes the b sorted pages out as a b-length sorted run. III tht: current implementation for join with hash-basetl delta access  , sort-when is used to sort R azq impacttad by @  , R , and S as impacted by Si ,Si  , and then 8~ binary merge is used to create the join. Since it is unlikely that all dimensions will be used for splitting  , a non-split dimension is used to sort the data-points in the leaves to be joined. In this study  , we will therefore explore a third alternative. When memory is released and there are multiple sorts waiting  , we must decide which sort to wake up. A sort may wait in one of five situations: Wl: in stage 0 waiting to start; W2: in stage 1 with 1stMin space; W3: in stage 1 with more memory; W4: in stage 3; W5: before an external merge step. The sort and the scan operations can be done by the same scan task because their operations do not overlap in time. Figure 5ashows the actual elapsed time measurements  , and FiguresThroughout the full join experiments  , the outer relation for the NL-INDEX and PC join methods was the parent relation  , whereas the outer relation for the NL-SORT  , CP  , and CP-SORT join methods was the child relation. This is achieved by merging R  ,-4 with whatever is left in R5 to H  , , ,  , appending the result to R  ,-  , " Figure 2c. As a result  , any monitor number for merge-join input streams is unreliable unless we have encountered a " dam " operator such as SORT or TEMP  , which by materializing all rows ensures the complete scan and count of the data stream prior to the merge join. Thus any remaining rows from the other side will never be asked for  , and hence are not seen or counted by the monitor. Finally  , NLJoin nested-loop join performs a nested-loop join with join predicate  , pred over its inputs with with the relation produced by left as the outer relation  , and the relation produced by right as the inner relation. Thus  , Merge is always preceded in a Postgres plan by Sort being applied to both the left and right subplans  , except when an input to Merge is a result of an index scan. The minimum amount of main memory needed by Sort/Merge is three disk block buffers  , because in the sort phase  , two input buffers and one output buffer are needed. Given the fact that b/k blocks are needed in the fist phase  , and k blocks are needed in the second phase of the join  , the challenge is to find the value for k  , where the memory consumption maxb/k ,k is minimal : contains the comparison operators   , σ  , which are able to work uniformly on compressed and uncompressed inputs; it is the task of the optimizer to i determine which one to use and ii make sure that the proper compression / decompression steps have been taken so that the attributes to be compared by or σ have the same compression status. Both sort variants suffer from high CPU costs for sorting. The NS query still uses naive Map lookup  , but sorts the physical OIDs before accessing S. When comparing NS with SS  , sorting the flattened R tuples for the Map lookup does not pay off because the Mup is smaller than 2 MB For 1 MB the sort-based plans are out of the range of the curve because for such small memory configurations they need several merge phases. However  , once M reaches 0.6 MBytes  , all three in-memory sorting methods produce fewer runs than the number of available buffers; thus  , there can be no further reduction in the number of merge steps until M grows to 20 MBytes  , at which point there will he a sudden drop in response time because it will then be possihlc IO sort the entire relation all at once in memory. As is evident from Table 6  , the number of required merge steps initially drops drastically. Logical expressions are mapped by an optimizer search engine to a space of physical expressions. A goal is 1 a query  , an expression space  , or an expression class  , together with 2 a set of properties the optimized plan must return For example  , a goal may be the query 'join R.a=S.b R S' with the constraint 'sorted on S.b'  , which may be mapped to 'merge-join R.a=S.b sort/partition R.a R sort/partition S.b S'. We create a separate file for each of the 560 super-hashes and then sort each super-hash file using an I/O-efficient merge sort. In the first step  , we create 100 min-hashes per document  , while in the second step  , 80 32-bit super-hashes are created from the min-hashes for each document and for each iteration in the subsequent step i.e. , 560 superhashes per document for the seven iterations. M one-pass is directly proportional to the factor S which represents the IO size used during the merge phase that produces the final sorted result. M one-pass = 2 x R done + R left  x S. Once the sort spills to disk  , there is no point to use more memory than the one-pass requirement hence  , from that point on  , the sort sets its cache requirement to the one-pass requirement. Our experiments include both full join queries as well as queries with a selection followed by a join. Two traditional join methods were used for the comparisons: nested-loop join using an index on the inner relation NL-INDEX and a variant of sort-merge join where the outer relation must be sorted but the inner relation can be accessed in sorted order using a clustered index NL- SORT. We rather do the merge twice  , outputting only the scores in the first round  , doing a partial sort of these to obtain the min-k score  , and then repeat the merge  , but this time with an on-the-fly pruning of all documents with a bestscore below that min-k score. To keep the merges as fast as those of the baseline fullmerge   , we also do not maintain the set of top-k items as we merge  , and not even the min-k score. As observed in the official TREC results from 2005 and 2006  , the log-merge method outperforms the sort-merge method regardless of whether the underlying collection is partitioned by web domain or partitioned by randomized web domains. To quantify the effects on IR performance due to the merge methods used as well as the effects due to eliminating the natural corpus structure defined by web domains by dividing the corpus arbitrarily with respect to the document content at index-time  , the mean values of the MAP taken over the merged resultsets from 149 automatically extracted queries applied to the domain partition and the randomized domain partition are recorded in Table 5. The Classic Sort-Stop plan provides much better performance than the Conventional Sort plan as long as it is applicable; its curve stops at N = 10 ,000 because its sorted heap structure no longer fits in the buffer pool beyond that point. The cost increase for larger values of N are due to the N-dependence of the final merge phase of the sort; for N = 1  , only the first page of each run is read  , while for N = 100 ,000 all pages of all runs are read and merged. When getting two triple sets bound to two triple patterns  , a sort merge join is enough to work out the final results. Given a triple pattern  , no matter how many and where variables are  , all matches can be found by means of one of the indices. We expect that as more approximate predicates become available  , normalized costs will drop. To compute the cost of a plan  , we built a simple query optimizer T&O based on predicate placement CS96  -our optimizer considered only sort-merge and hash-partitioned joins. A large part of that memory is dedicated to SQL work areas  , used by sort  , hash-join  , bitmapindex merge  , and bitmap-index create operators. This paper focuses on the PGA memory management since this memory holds the run-time memory of executing SQL statements. Because sorting is also a blocking operator as the hash operator  , there will be wait opportunities in the query plan which can be utilized by Request Window. STON89 describes how the XPRS project plans on utilizing parallelism in a shared-memory database machine. Figure 5 shows the choices of sort-merge versus partitioning   , the possible sorting/partitioning attributes  , and the possible buffer allocation strategies. Hybrid policies minimize the flushing of intermediate buffers from main memory   , and hence can decrease the I/O cost for a given execution. In this experiment. there are additional factors that adversely affect the performance of the external sorts: When the actual number of buffers that an cxtcrnal sort has is smaller than the buffer requirement of an exeruling merge step  , the penalty in extra ~/OS that paging incurs is proportional to the extent of the memory discrepancy. If the database contains data structures other than Btrees   , those structures can be treated similar to B-tree root nodes. It may be worth to point out  , however  , that prior research has suggested employing B-tree structures even for somewhat surprising purposes  , e.g. , for run files in external merge sort G 03. However  , since the focus of this research is on write-optimized B-trees  , we do not pursue the topic further. We have demonstrated the benefits of our techniques both analytically and through an empirical performance study of an actual implementation. In this section  , we give three examples of new algebraic operators that are well-suited for efficient implementation of nested OOSQL queries. For example  , the join can be implemented as an index nested-loop join  , a sort-merge join  , a hash join  , etc. Put contents of Input Buf fer2 to Aging The partitioned hash outerjoin is augmented with compression in a very similar manner to the sort merge outerjoin. If the buckets are compressed before the matching phase  , we also show in LGM96 that the overall cost  , is lfil+ IF21 + 2 * If21 + I + U 10s. In Section 4.2  , we give a detailed explanation of how we are able to infer that the result of the sort-merge join is guaranteed to be grouped on c custkey. It is important to note that orderpreserving hash join does preserve orderings  , but does not preserve groupings held of the outer relation. This variant of hash join therefore resembles nested loop and sort-merge join in preserving orderings of outer relations. The newly written files then participate in an n-way sort-merge join to find query segments with the same protein id. The segment results of each individual index probe are sorted  , first by protein id and then by start position  , and written to separate files. Third  , in order to insure that the results of the various IC'SIS were nol hiased hy preceeding ones  , we had IO ensure that no lesl query was likely IO find useful pages sitting in the huffcr lrom its predecessors. There are two principles in the choice of join approach between hypergraph traversal and triple indices: 1 If the predicate of a triple pattern has a owl:cardinality property valued 1  , priority should be given to hypergraph traversal. For larger datasets  , this overhead gets amortized and Ontobroker comes out on top. Interestingly  , in Table 1 XSB and Yap do a little better than Ontobroker for queries b1X ,Y and b2X ,Y when smaller data sets are used  , because of the initial overhead of sorting the relations associated with sort-merge joins. Since the grammar productions are carried out in a topdown   , left-to-right fashion  , the grammar will build the output string from left to right. One possible method would be to use a grammar to produce a sort of reverse merge. the merge-sort operation when its input becomes bigger than memory the contours of the discontinuities involved are similar to the equi-cost contours and the approach outlined above can be applied for approximating the cost func- Input: SPJ query q on a set of relations Q = {R 1   , . For typical cost functions e.g. Usually  , interesting orders are on the join column of a future join  , the grouping attributes from the group by clause  , and the ordering attributes from the order by clause. Interesting orders are those that are useful for later operations e.g. , sort-merge joins  , and hence  , need to be preserved. For example  , AlphaSort 18  , a shared-memory based parallel external sort  , uses quicksort as the sequential sorting kernel and a replacement-selection tree to merge the sorted subsets. The multi-stage approach used in our implementation is similar to the one used in parallel disk-based sorts 1 in our case  , the external storage is the off-chip main-memory  , not disk. Although pushing sorting down to sources to accelerate sort-merge join is an attractive strategy in data integration applications  , it is only useful for multi-join based on a common attribute. For such queries  , current IGNITE optimizer prefers hash-join-based query plans. In this section  , we will focus our attention on the techniques we have devised to optimize navigation over massive Web graphs. However  , the difference is that navigation operators must now be implemented over the specialized structures used to represent Web graphs  , rather than as hash joins or sort-merge joins over relational tables. Other boxes cannot effectively use the indexed structure  , so only these two need be considered. Similarly  , if the successor box is a join  , then the Aurora optimizer costs performing a merge-sort or indexed lookup  , chooses the cheapest one  , and changes the join implementation appropriately. Next  , the relation is sorted using a parallel merge sort on the partitioning attribute and the sorted relation is redistributed in a fashion that attempts to equalize the number of tuples at each site. In this strategy  , if the relation is not already loaded  , it is initially loaded in a round robin fashion. When both lrclations arc large  , howcvcr  , as when hoth wcrc " tcnlhoustup " relations in our tests  , the optimal methods will he the pipclincd sort-merge methods. groups QGI and QG2 is thnl  , when one relation is small  , the pipclincd ncstcd loops join methods perlorm much hcttcr than their scqucntial counterparts or any 01' the sor-t-mcrgc methods. As a consequence of this observation  , we make an important observation in the arena of expert systems. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written to disk along with the tags. An internal sort is performed on each of these buffers with respect to the tags of the data items. Typical executions in a star schema might involve bitmap accesses  , bitmap merges  , bitmap joins and conventional index driven join operations. Those queries will be addressed in a subsequent paper. For example  , indexed selection employs input and comparison operations to get through the directory structure; each pass of a sort-merge join consists of input  , comparison and output or temporary file building. This overhead is significant even though most of the index pages above the leaf level are cached in memory. 8 Merge creates a key which is the union of the keys of its inputs  , and preserves both functional dependencies that hold of its inputs. The keys for base relations Supplier and Customer s suppkey and c custkey respectively propagate through their associated Sort nodes  , as do the functional dependencies implied by these keys. The 15 ms page I/O time setting assumes RCquential I/O without prefetching or disk buffering t.g. , reading one track at a time. Figures 6 and 7 show that with 10 MIPS CPU  , these queries using the sort-merge join method are I/O bound. The " Find-sub-query " call on the merge-combine node is slightly different than on a normal combine node. This modified combine node uses the individual index scans on fragments to get sorted runs that are merged together to sort the entire relation. Together  , these two factors slow down the performance of page over and above the performance penalty already imposed by the larger number of merge steps. This handicap causes paging to suffer from memory lluctualions; moreover  , the larger the memory fluctuations  , the greater an impact this handicap exerts on sort performance. Since the bit vector size scales proportionally to the number of divisor objects  , a large number of divisor objects causes large bit vectors  , necessitating quotient partitioning. The size of the inner relation could be used to make the division for Nested-Loop join queries. Without Indices  , university INGRES used a nested loops join in which the storage structure of a copy of the inner relation is converted to a hashed organization before the join is initiated Commercial INGRES used primarily sort-merge join techniques. However  , the reader may wish to refer to Appendix I  , where the join queries have been explicitly listed. Third  , we were interested in how the different systems took advantage of secondary indices on joining attributes   , when these were available. But still the approach of using a generic cost model can provide good results due to two reasons.  Accent  , Punctuation  , Firstname  , Name Authority  Edit  , Sort Same  , Merge  , Delete  , Undo  Fold and Expand We will eventually explore all of these through a selection of examples using a variety of digital library systems. Changing the position of this scrollbar moves the view of the search results shown within the two frames in unison. Following the concept of interesting orders 16 introduced in system R  , the optimizer may already have plans that access relations A and B ordered on A.1 and B.2  , respectively . For Binary  , the selection on the key predicate is not required since each attribute has its own table which explains the slight performance advantage. As with joins in relational queries  , optimization of navigation operations is crucial for efficiently executing complex Web queries. Figure 10: Join Redundancy -Composite Tuples the new data share many boolean factors. The " single data-multiple query " composite tuple Figure 10b can be used in conjunction with the sort-merge join based approach to apply the composite tuple to the Data SteM. The identical boolean factors are executed repeatedly over the same data set in the S-Data SteM. The complexity is significantly smaller than the cost of running the original query because e s r i s typically much smaller than the cardinality of the corresponding relation. The total number of operations is also proportional to this term because this query can be best run using Sort- Merge joins by always storing the histograms and the auxiliary relations in sorted order. P and PM behave similarly the lines are parallel  , such that partition/merge retains its advantage . Therefore  , sort-based plans need to allocate only one additional page for loading the currently " active " forwarded object whereas partition-based plans need to allocate more buffer for a partition containing forwards. Sideway functions and sideway values are selectively employed by users for two purposes: a User-guided query output ranking and size control. sources on sort-merge join "   , and this metalink instance is deemed to have the importance sideway value of 0.8. However   , for hash joins optimizing memory usage is likely to be more significant thau CPU load balancing in marry cases and must therefore be considered for dynamic load balaucii in multi-user mode. In 261 we used sort-merge as the local join method and did not consider memcry utilization for load balancing. In addition  , only the bypass plan and the DNF-based plan can easily use a sort-merge implementation of the second join operator semijoin on Cwork . A hash index on Pub1isher.paddre.w can be exploited by an index semijoin in the bypass plan as well as in the DNF-based plan  , but not in the CNF-based plan. For the sort-merge band join  , assuming that the memory is large enough so that both relations can be sorted in two passes each  , the I/O cost consists of three parts: R contain /R pages  , and let S cont'ain ISI pages  , and let  , F he the fraction of R pages that fit in memory. The curve for sort-merge is labeled SM; the curves for Grace partitioned band join and the hybrid partitioned band join are labeled GP and HP  , respectively. Figure 2gives the results for memory sizes ranging from l/10 of R in memory to all of R in memory. Here  , the common change in all plans across the switch-point is that the hash-join between relations PART and PARTSUPP is replaced by a sort-merge-join. Yet another example of such a switch-point is seen in Figure 11a  , obtained with query Q2 on OptA  , at 97% selectivity of the PART relation. Of the pipelined methods  , the nested loops join method outperformed the sort-merge method for this example. The gcncral trend is that the pipelincd join methods - PJSM  , PSSM  , PJNL  , and PSNL -executed the join more quickly than the sequential methods did. without materializing R when D or S when D. HERALD currently supports two strategies for obtaining access to deltas in connection with the hypothetical algebraic operators and other delta operators  , one based on hashing and the other on a sort-merge paradigm. For example  , HERALD provides a hypotlietical join function join-when  , that evaluates the expression join < cond >  , R when D  , S when D. Thus  , providing optimal support for h ,ash-based delta access requires the ability to dynamically partition the buffer pool belween these two tasks. The experiments that we performed with our datasets showed that the performance of R+-tree was better than R*-tree for our application. To reduce CPU cost for redundant comparisons between points in an any two nodes  , we first screen points which lie within c-distance from the boundary surface of other node and use sort-merge join for those screened points. An order is interesting if it is on grouping or join columns of the query since such orders may be useful in a future join or a group-by operation . In particular  , the ordering we have chosen for codewords – ordered by codeword length first and then within each length by the natural ordering of the values is a total order. But in fact  , sort merge join does not need to compare tuples on the traditional '<' operator – any total ordering will do. So we can do sort merge join directly on the coded join columns  , without decoding them first. For many applications  , building the bounding representation can be performed as a precomputation step. A close analogy can be drawn between the relative benefits of quicksort  , which has worst case O  n 2  performance  , versus merge sort  , which has worst case On1ogn; quicksort is preferred for its faster expected execution time. Thus Similarity-Seeker avoids the out-of-memory sort-merge performed by All-IPs with all the associated I/O and computational overheads. Due to the smaller number of sets  , D  , in our case 50 ,000 instead of all the Internet documents we assumed that all the D samples from one permutation can fit in memory. The normalized cost of a plan is defined as the execution cost of the plan divided by the cost of the plan that uses no approximate predicates. When m is a power of 2  , bitonic sort lends itself to a very straight-forward non-recursive implementation based on the above description. For instance   , during the 4-merge phase phase 2 in the figure all compare-and-swaps performed within the first 4-item block are ascending  , whereas they are descending for the second 4-item block. Given an existing single-machine indexer  , one simple way to take advantage of MapReduce is to leverage reducers to merge indexes built on local disk. We discuss alternatives here  , which primarily vary in the extent to which they take advantage of the large distributed group and sort operations built into the MapReduce execution framework. At this point the start position information is used to determine whether the segments occur in the correct order within the protein and if the proper gap constraints between them are met. A more efficient implementation of SSSJ would feed the output of the merge step of the TPIE sort directly into the scan used for the plane-sweep  , thus eliminating one write and one read of the entire data. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written out to disk along with the tags. This approach supports the efficient insertion of data  , but penalizes queries significantly  , as a query has too look up all N*K component trees. The optimizer can consider the relative cost of tuple substitution nested iteration  for implementing the G-Joins and other e.g. , sort-merge implementation methods. Instead of joins  , the optimiser must now enumerate G-Joins  , and must position G-Aggs  , G-Restricts  , Projects   , and Delta-Projects relative to the G-Jo&. In the case of page. Instead of inserting records into a B+-tree as they arrive  , they are organized in-memory into sorted runs. The first technique stores the records lazily in a B+-tree file organization clustered by the specified key  , and is based on external merge-sort. the reduction in the number of cache misses is much larger because of the partitioning and the relative overhead of making the partition is correspondingly much smaller. We note that the partitioning helps much more in the case of the sort merge join compared to the hash join because the sorting operation is much more memory intensive and computationally expensive i.e. CPU cost is an important factor in spatial-joins 5. Such violation can occur because presence of an appropriate order on relations can help reduce the cost of a subsequent sort-merge join since the sorting phase is not required. Thus  , violation to the principle of optimal&y requires further extensions. Transformation T 3 : Each index-scan operator in P is replaced with a table-scan operator followed by a selection operator  , where the selection condition is the same as the index-scan condition. So our approach is to heuristically use the equations obtained in Theorem 4  , Theorem 5  , and Corollary 6 to choose which tables need to be sampled and compute their sample sizes  , i.e. For sort-merge join  , which has the time complexity of Onlogn  , there is no easy analytical solution for this case. We will now describe a way to classify a large batch of documents using a sort-merge technique  , which can be written  , with some effort  , directly in SQL. In experimental runs  , about thirty threads fetch a total of 5–10 pages a second   , a typical web page having 200-500 terms  , each term leading to a PROBE. It can be easily seen that the queries for selections . For a particular class of star join queries  , the authors investigate the usage of sort-merge joins and a set of other heuristic op- timizations. The paper considers a star schema with UB-Tree organized fact tables and dimension tables stored sorted on a composite surrogate key. The idea is to create unsorted sequences of records  , where each sequence covers a subset of the dataspace that is disjoint to the subsets covered by the other sequences. The number of times a keyword pair u  , v appears in this file is exactly the same as Au  , v. When necessary  , Ontobroker builds the appropriate indices to speed up query evaluation  , and  , when multiple CPUs are available  , it parallelizes the computation . To evaluate a query  , it first builds a cost model and then decides which optimizations to use  , what order to choose for joining the predicates in rule premises  , and which methods to use for each individual join e.g. , nested loops  , sort-merge. To the best' of our knowledge  , currently systems implement band joins using eitfher nested loops or sort.-merge. We use the term " hand " heca.uae a InpIe 7 in R joins with a tuple s in S only if r. A appears within a " hand " of size cl + c2 about s-5. Nore the similarity in the shapes and relative positions of the curves to those generated by the analytical model  , shown in Figure 1. After sorting   , the join computation at the next level can then start based on the ordered indexes. During sorting  , the Ibis only need to be read once if they fit into the buffer  , or more than once " if merge-sort is required for a smaller buffer. Thus  , MPBSM has a slight advantage in our implementation because it makes one less scan of the data on disk. Finally  , the optimher can often pipeline operations if the intermediate results are correctly grouped or ordered  , thereby avoiding the cost of storing temporaries which is basically the only advantage of tuple substitution. Using a data structure which maintains the edges in the sorted order of edgeIDs  , the redundant edge elimination step can be implemented using a sort-merge based scheme. The cost of the output graph after combination is equal to the sum of the remaining edges i.e. , less than or equal to the sum of the sub-result costs. When sorting order is important  , the optimizer adds a  ,modified combine node called merge-combine above the index-scanned relation. Obviously with 900 megabytes or more of buffer pool space  , a DBMS will keep large portions of data base objects in main memory. The resulting one record temporary will reside in main memory where a single extra page fetch will obtain the matching values from R3. The first option will perform a diskbased merge-sort join of Rl and R2  , at a cost of 2P * log P + 2P. Evaluating the k+1 th predicate  , however  , will further cut down on the number of protein ids that emerge from the merge join  , which in turn reduces the number of protein tuples that have to be retrieved. The cost of adding another query predicate to the MISSk plan is the sum of the time to scan the segment index for the k+1 th predicate  , the time to sort the results by protein id and start position  , and the time to add these results to the segment merge join. By these  , and a bag of other tricks  , we managed to keep the overhead for maintaining the state-information a small fraction of the essential operations of reading and merging blocks of pairs of document ids and score  , sorted by document id. Moreover  , many data sources do not support sorting operation  , which only accept queries with the input of a target relation and a selection predicate  , although the query form does not always follow the SQL syntax. To determine the amount of paging disk I/OS acceptable for a hash join  , it should be considered that paging I/OS are random acesses on the paging disk  , while file I/OS of sort/merge and hybrid joins have sequential access patterns. Big gaps inside a hash table may in some operating systems cause large swap files to be allocated   , wasting disk space resources. At query time  , when OSCAR begins to scan a new run of blocks  , it uses the latest value returned by the r- UDF to only read from a corresponding fraction of the blocks in this new run. In the next step we sort the resulting clusters by their total size in lines in decreasing order  , such that according to property iv  , the largest clusters should contain the main text blocks. We chose 10 as the distance threshold  , however  , this parameter is not too critical; it should be large enough to allow for some variability for the alignment of blocks inside a column  , but small enough not to merge blocks across columns or very short blocks. Conceptually  , HERALD represents a delta as a collection of pairs Ri  , R ,  , specifying the proposed inserts and deletes for each relation variable R in the program. The result is that the external sort is less vulnerable to memory shor- Iilges in the first step  , but becomes more vulnerable in the final step due IO the larger number of runs that are left until the final s~cp. In contrast  , opt nttcmpts to minimize cost by merging as few runs in the first step as possible without increasing the number of merge steps. For ESTER  , we implemented a particularly efficient realization of a hash join which exploits that the word ranges of our queries are small. The join query is a standard database operation  , which can be realized in essentially two ways: by a merge join sort the lists by word ids and then intersect or by a hash join compute the list of word ids that occur in both lists via hashing. But  , in the same picture  , there are switch-points occurring at 26% and 50% in the PARTSUPP selectivity range  , that result in a counter-intuitive non-monotonic cost behavior   , as shown in the corresponding cost diagram of Fig- ure 11b . Among the nested loops methods  , the sequential ones have higher disk costs than the pipelined methods due to the storage and retrieval of the received relation; this is especially true for the sequential join case SJNL  , which builds an index on the received relation at S ,. The purpose of the calibrating database is to use it to calibrate the coefficients in the cost formulae for any given relational DBMS. This poses the following two major predicatability problems: the problem of predicting how the system will execute e.g  , use index or sequntial scan  , use nested loop or sort merge a given query; the problem of eliminating the effect of data placement   , pagination and other storage implementation factors that can potentially distort the observations and thus lead to unpredictable behavior. Assume that nested loop and sort-merge are the only two methods . While considering the join between R and S  , the choice between evaluating or not evaluating an early group-by will be considered and the cheapest plan will be retained for joining with T. Let us now consider the plans that are generated by the greedy conservative heuristic while considering the join between R and S with an early group-by. For now  , for the problem at hand  , we will illustrate how with CSN we can direct the ACM Digital Library to recognize the two separate occurrences of Rüger's as one with the Firstname action. Accent  , Punctuation  , Firstname  , Name Authority  Edit  , Sort Same  , Merge  , Delete  , Undo  Fold and Expand We will eventually explore all of these through a selection of examples using a variety of digital library systems. We consider a slightly more complicated example query with this operator " List for big cities their population number as a percentage of their state's population " : D cities select The smjoin operator performs a sort/merge join. This operator can be applied to a relation with a set of points and a relation with a set of regions; it performs a plane-sweep PrS85 to join tuples of the two operand relations where the point is contained in the region. Further  , the construction of the database  , posing of the query  , and the observations are to be done as a user to this 'black-box' DBMS. In this region  , increasing M leads to fewer sorted runs at the end of the split phase  , and hence lower disk seek costs when the runs are merged; this accounts for the slight reductions in response time at the right-hand side of Figure 5. The NN plan using naive pointer chasing both for Map lookup and dereferencing S does not even show up in the plot due to its run time of 6'20 hours for 1 MB to 4' 10 hours for a 6 MB buffer. We then apply the sort and merge procedure addling the counts from matching content- ID C content-ID pairs to produce a list of all <content-ID  , content-ID  , count> triplets sorted by the first content-ID and the second content-ID. To do this  , we expand L into a list of <content-ID  , content-ID  , count of common shingles> triplets by taking each shingle that appears in multiple contents and generating the complete set of <content-ID  , content-ID  , 1> triplets for that shingle. This slight performance improvement of the log-merged results over the sort-merged results on a web-domain partitioned collection is consistent with the results observed in the TREC 2005 when the collection was divided arbitrarily into a small number of subcollections with uniform size. We store current rules in a prefix tree called the RS-tree. We can sort predicates and patterns based on this order. sort represents a flatten-structure transformation with sort. descendant represents a flatten-structure transformation using descendant axis and constructs a tree whose size is 66.7% of the input XML data. A sort instance element can be expanded to re-run its associated query and display the results. The graph is displayed as a tree hierarchy  , with sort instances as leaf elements. When an item is inserted in the FP-tree  , sort the items in contingency weight ascending order. The first node of root in the FP-tree has item-id and pointer. Updates may cause swapping via the bubble sort  , splitting  , and/or merging of tree nodes Updates to DB does not lead to any swapping of tree nodes  old gets changed. Finally  , conclusions are presented in Section 6. Sort-based bulk loading KF 93 refers to the classical approach of sorting and packing the nodes of the R*-tree. Hilbert values. This approach makes the hest use of the occurrence of the common suffix in transactions  , thereby constructing a more compact tree structure than F'P-tree. The only difference is that one needs to sort the path according to L before inserting it into a new P-tree. However  , in many other cases  , it requires rescanning the entire updated database DB in order to build the corresponding FP-tree. Specifically  , it was designed to produce the FP-tree of the updated database  , in some cases  , by adjusting the old tree via the bubble sort. In this way  , at each point the node being inserted will become the rightmost leaf node in T after insertion. To do this  , we use the following strategy: We sort the input leaf set according to the pre-order of tree T. Starting with an empty tree T   , we insert nodes into the tree in order. Therefore  , each projection uses B-tree indexing to maintain a logical sort-key order. Since we assume that WS is trivial in size relative to RS  , we make no effort to compress data values; instead we represent all data directly. This information is made available to further relational operators in the relational operator tree to eliminate sort operations. the rows are in depth-first order of the nodes in the subtree. New human computer interaction knowledge and technology must be developed to support these new possibilities for autonomous systems. Can we use some sort of task lattice or tree  , to represent and interface the distributed tasks underway towards goals and subgoals ? This problem is more serious than FELINE because it uses the bubble sort to recursively exchange adjacent tree nodes. As a result  , the ordering of items needs to be adjusted. The other approach  , which we call Sorted-Tuples-based bulk loading  , is even simpler. A query that produces many results is hurt more by a blocking Sort and benefits more from a semi/fully pipelined pattern tree match physical evaluation. The overall speedup depends on the number of results in each query. C-Store organizes columns into projections sets of columns and each projection has a sort-key 25. However  , if space is really an issue  , we can resort to a sparse B+ tree index. By traversing elements from the root element to elements with atomic data  , we obtain large 1-paths  , large 2-paths  , and so on  , until large n-paths. Then we sort elements on path by tree levels. The restructure of the Ptree consists of similar insertions in the first step. Second  , OVERLAP prunes edges in the search lattice  , converting it into a tree  , as follows. The attributes at each node of the search lattice are then ordered to be subsequences of this sort order. 1 sort the attribute-based partition  , compressing if possible 2 build a B-Tree like index which consists of pointers beginning and end to the user-specified category boundaries for the attribute. Data Page Relational query optimization  , however  , impacts XQuery semantics and introduces new challenges. SQL Server 2005 also introduces optimizations for document order by eliminating sort operations on ordered sets and document hierarchy  , and query tree rewrites using XML schema information. It tries to do better than Parent by overiapping the computation of different cuboids and using partially matching sort orders. As in the Parent method  , the Overlap method computes each cuboid from one of its parents in the cuboid tree. The concern model is a connected graph  , defining a view over the system that is complementary to Eclipse's standard package explorer. Serialization of an XML subtree using the XML_Serialize operator serves as an example. Now  , as our target in TREC is to find an " optimal " ranking function to sort documents in the collection  , individuals should represent tentative ranking functions. Figure 1ashows an example of a tree which represents the expression X + Y*Z. It does not offer immediate capability of navigating or searching XML data unless an extra index is built. 8 first shred the XML tree into a table of two columns  , then sort and compress the columns individually. So the performance increase is higher for such queries – e.g. Thus the load for computing the tree and hence for testing the hypotheses varies. This is a result of the possibility to sort out a different number of facets during the construction of the lists Sij. The tree node corresponding to the last item of the sorted summary itemset represents a cluster  , to which the transaction T i belongs. For each transaction  , T i   , if its summary itemset SI Ti is not empty  , we sort the items in SI Ti in lexicographic order and insert it into the prefix tree. We note that the depth first traverse of the DOM tree generally matches the same sequence of the nodes appearing in the webpage. First  , we sort the candidate nodes by their positions in the depth first search of the DOM tree. If the first triple pattern in this list has only one join variable  , we pick this join variable as the root of the tree embedded on the graph Gjvar as described before. Tree root selection: After initialization  , in a join query with n triple patterns  , we sort all the triple patterns first in the order of increasing number of triples associated with them. Query compilation produces a single query plan for both relational and XML data accesses  , and the overall query tree is optimized as a whole. So  , it works well in situations that follow the " build once  , mine many " principle e.g. , interactive mining  , but its efficiency for incremental mining where the database is changed frequently is unclear. For these kinds of data  , it is in general not advisable or even not possible to apply classical sort-based bulk loading where first  , the data set is sorted and second  , the tree is built in a bottom-up fashion. We are primarily interested in creating indexes from non-traditional index structures which are suitable for managing multidimensional data  , spatial data or metric data. Bulk loading of a B+-tree first sorts the data and then builds the index in a bottom-up fashion. Sort-based bulk loading is a well established technique since it is used in commercial database systems for creating B+-trees from scratch. Due to its enhanced query planner  , the tree-aware instance relies on operators to evaluate XPath location steps  , while the original instance will fall back to sort and index nested-loop join. Hooks are installed in both back-ends to generate a graphical presentation of the chosen query plans much like in Figure 3. Each disk drive has an embedded SCSI controller which provides a 45K byte RAM buffer that acts as a disk cache on read operations. These services include structured sequential files  , B' tree indices  , byte stream files as in UNIX  , long data items  , a sort utility  , a scan mechanism  , and concurrency control based on file and page lock- ing. This chaining method passes label information between classifiers  , allowing CC to take into account label correlations and thus overcoming the label independence problem. It sort of builds a binary tree  , where each link in the chain is extended with a 0 or 1 label association. In addition to changes in the item ordering  , incremental updating may also lead to the introduction of new items in the tree. This can be computationally intensive because the bubble sort needs to  apply to all the branches affected by the change in item fre- quency. While performing the pruning step as elaborated before  , we use some simple statistical optimization techniques. Join indexes can now be fully described. To perform searches using the sort key  , one uses the latter B-tree to find the storage keys of interest  , and then uses the former collection of Btrees to find the other fields in the record. This is confirmed in the corresponding reduced plan diagram where the footprints disappear. The reason for this behavior is that both plans are of roughly equal cost  , with the difference being that in plan P2  , the SUPPLIER relation participates in a sort-mergejoin at the top of the plan tree  , whereas in P7  , the hash-join operator is used instead at the same location. Kl'I'S83  , on the ollwr hand  , concentrates on the speed of the sort-engine and no1 the overall performance of the Grace hash-join algot-ithm. First  , in GOODXl  , it is hard to factor out the infu encc of the X-tree architecture and the parallel readout disks on the results ohtaincd. Then the Hilbert value ranges delineated by successive pairs of end marker values in the sorted list have the prop erty that they are fully contained within one block at each level of each participating tree. We sort the full set Of 6Qj F values and delete any duplicates. The human may set goals into the autonomous system  , and then later be called on to enter tasks to help the system reach either cognitive or manipulation subgoals. For multidimensional index structures like R-trees  , the question arises what kind of ordering results in the tree with best search performance. Assuming that an appropriate ordering exists  , sort-based bulk loading is not limited to one-dimensional index structures  , but can also be applied to OP-trees  , since OP-trees support insertions of entire trees. File services in Gamma are based on the Wisconsin Storage System WiSS CHOUSS . The groups of hits were ranked based on the Panoptic rank of their top document; the Panoptic ranks were also used to sort hits within each group. The experimental or hierarchic interface  , depicted in Figure 2and described in Box 1  , grouped the search results based on c ommonality of URL parts sub-domain and path and displayed them in a one level tree. However  , if segmentation is performed separately after Kd-tree search finishes  , additional time is required to sort the data points whose computational time is ether ON  or OK log K where K is the number of the data points found within the hyper-sphere. After finding all the data points within the hypersphere   , these points have to be grouped into segments. The functions insert and insert-inv receives the " abstract " bodies defined there. o if QUEUE is fully abstract not implemented  , this means that its sort of interest queue is implemented as a derived type of tree  , as indicated in section 3. The services provided by WiSS include sequential files  , byte-stream files as in UNIX  , B+ tree indices  , long data items  , an external sort utility  , and a scan mechanism. File services in NOSE are based on the Wisconsin Storage System WiSS CDKK85. Then  , it analyzes the available indexes and returns one or more candidate physical plans for the input sub-query. For each request see Figure 2  , an access path generation module first identifies the columns that occur in sargable predicates  , the columns that are part of a sort requirement   , and the columns that are additionally referenced in complex predicates or upwards in the query tree. After we sort the succeeding samples at each node in the tree  , the last several branches are likely to be pruned by strategy 3 because they contain only those samples that have the least increase in coverage. As mentioned earlier  , pruning strategy 2 can improve the efficiency of pruning strategy 3. We can see that subsets having larger coverage are searched first in this case. We sort  , in descending order  , the samples in rSample based on their scores so that in the sub-tree of node cSample = {s 1   , s 2 }  , sample s 4 and s 5 will be added first followed by s 3 and s 6 . During the optimization of a single query  , the optimizer issues several access path requests henceforth called index requests  , or simply requests for different subqueries . In the context of non-traditional index structures  , the method of bulk loading also has a serious impact on the search quality of the index. Different maximal OTSP sets are incorporated in different branches of the tree. The idea is to force relationships between pairs of nodes until G becomes a complete set  , i.e. , ∀ nodes x  , y ∈ G and for any predicate p  , either px  , y or ¬px  , y holds in G. In particular  , all nodes in a maximal OTSP sets are totally ordered using a topological sort. Next  , a top-down pass is made so that required order properties req are propagated downwards from the root of the tree. Observe that new required order properties are generated by:  NOP if its child is a Sort operator i.e. , if the original query includes an Order By clause  ,  Group and Unique which require inputs to be grouped on the grouping attributes  ,  Join operators  , each of which splits any required order property it inherits into separate required order properties for its child nodes according to the rules of A curious pattern  , similar to footprints on the beach  , shows up in Figure 9  , obtained with Q7 on the OptA optimizer  , where we see plan P7 exhibiting a thin cadet-blue broken curved pattern in the middle of plan P2's orange region . For example  , with reference to Figure 2: if the cursor lies within the framed region  , then an R command will replace Figure 2with Figure 1; if the cursor is outside the framed region  , then an R command with replace Figure 2with "queen problem" The D command allows the cursor to go beyond the boundary of the current abstraction  , a sort of return command for an abstraction. Let us point ont that the R command can help a programmer to freely inspect a n d / o r amend various parts of his program without carefully planning an ordered tree traversal. In a data warehouse environment where the dimensions are quite different and hence it may be difficult to come up with a well-defined Hilbert-value it might still be better to select a dimension and to sort the data according to this dimension KR 98. Other experiments DKL+ 94 revealed that the search performance of the R-trees built by using Hilbert-ordering is inferior to the search performance of the R*-tree BKSS 90 when the records are inserted one by one. A sequential file is a sequence of records that may vary in length up to one page and that may be inserted and deleted at arbitrary locations within a file  , Optionally  , each file may have one or more associated indices that map key values to the record identifiers of the records in the file that contain a matching value. The services provided by WiSS include sequential files  , bytestream files as in UNIX  , Bt tree indices  , long data items  , an external sort utility  , and a scan mechanism. Path finding and sub-paths in breadth-first search 3. Neither pattern is a true depth-first or breadthfirst search pattern. The greedy pattern represents the depth-first behavior  , and the breadth-like pattern aims to capture the breadth-first search behaviors. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. The depth-first search instead of the breadth-first search is used because many previous studies strongly suggest that a depth-first search with appropriate pseudo-projection techniques often achieves a better performance than a breadth-first search when mining large databases. Here we use breadth-first search. Once the search space is structured  , a search strategy should be chosen. 6  holds the objects during the breadth-first search. 4first out queue called Q in Fig. In practice  , forward selection procedures can be seen as a breadth-first search. 10 . In the mathematical literature  , breadth first search Is typically preferred. Normally the user cares "~. , ,:"~ ,~ton ~v'" ""-. and search the other subranges breadth-first. For our implementation we select for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. Thus solving the graph search problem in Given the user behavior observed by Klöckner et al. , we used two browsing patterns to evaluate find-similar.   , vn−1}  , where the indices are consistent with a breadth-first numbering produced by a breadth-first search starting at node v0 1 see Section 3.4.1 for a formal definition. By a depth-first search of the set enumeration tree of transitive reductions of partial orders  , Frecpo will not miss any frequent partial order. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. , by breadth-first  , best-first or depth-first search. If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. We first conduct a breadth-first or depth-first search on the graph. We will deal with these cycles in the next step. However  , best-first search also has some problems. Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. We compute the discrete plan as a tree using the breadth first search. robot and obstacles 12. Tabels 1 and 2 show that the breadth first search is exhaustive it finds solutions with one step fewer re- grasps. the search procedure is breadth first search which examines all the nodes on one level of the tree before any nodes of the next level ignoring the goal distance Ac. This will not always be feasible in larger domains  , and intelligent search heuristics will be needed. This amounts to a breadth first search of the frequent itemsets on a lattice. Apriori first finds all frequent itemsets of size § before finding frequent itemsets of size § ¦ . CLOSET 11 and CLOSET+ 16 adopt a depth-first  , feature enumeration strategy. A-close 10 uses a breadth-first search to find FCPs. We restrict the training pages to the first k pages when traversing the website using breadth first search. Thus  , we should use these pages for training as well. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. In practice  , it is closer to a depth-first search with some backtracking than to a breadth-first search. This simple method worked out well in our experiments. ; the maximal number of states between the initial state and another state when traversing the TS in breadth-first search BFS height; the number of transitions starting from a state and ending in another state with a lower level when traversing the TS in breadth-first search Back lvl tr. deg. The resulting path will have the minimum nilinher of turns i n it by definition of breadth-first search. Compute D and perform a breadth-first search of D as indicated above starting with To as the set of visited vertices and ending when some vertex in the goal set 7~ ha5 been reached. During our previous experiments 13  , a bidirectional breadth first search proved to be the most efficient method in practice for finding all simple paths up to certain hop limit. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. The breadth-first search weighted by its distance from the reference keyframe is performed  , and the visited keyframes are registered in the temporary global coordinate system. To optimize the poses and landmarks  , we create a metric environment map by embedding metric information to nodes by breadth-first search over graph. The objects in UpdSeedD ,l are not directly density-reachable from each other. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l Johnson generalized it to other surface representations  , including NURBS  , by using a breadth-first search 9. Quinlan introduced this approach using a depth-first search of the bounding hierarchy  141. Since coverage tends to increase with sequence length  , the DFS strategy likely finds a higher coverage sequence faster than the breadth-first search BFS. We choose to traverse the tree using depth-first search DFS. This is done by recursively firing co-author search tactics. is done by performing a breadth-first search that considers all successor vertices of a given vertex first before expanding further. Then  , we navigate in a breadth-first search manner through this classification. Note that this approach enables to consider ontologies more expressive than RDFS  , e.g. , OWL2DL. Two cases have to be distinguished. Starting from the two entities e 1 and e 2 the intersection tree is built using breadth-first search. Starting from a random public user  , we iteratively built a mutual graph of users in a Breadth First Search BFS manner. 2014. b Matched loop segments will be included in LBA as breadth-first search will active the keyframes. The fixed keyframes are selected based on a common landmark. Then we do breadth first search from the virtual node. To be more specific  , we add a virtual node which connects to all known nodes. The CWB searches for subject keywords through a breadth-first search of the tree structure. Subject keywords are nouns and proper nouns from a title or subtitle. It downloads multiple pages typically 500 in parallel. Its default download strategy is to perform a breadth-first search of the web  , with the following three modifications: 1. This is done by querying DBpedia's SPARQL endpoint for concepts that have a relation with the given concept. we perform a breadth first search. Therefore Lye have the following result. We generate plans that minimize worst-case length by breadth-first AND/OR search Akella  11. However there is no finite bound on the length of the plan. Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. In both cases a uniform random distribution is used. For each node visited do the following. Traverse the measure graph starting at m visiting all finer measures using breadth-first search. We augmented this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method. We call this the root dataset. For parts with different push functions  , a breadth-first search planner can be used to find a sensorless plan when one exists. We cannot recognize the parts hlowever. In a breadth-first search approach the arrangement enumeration tree is explored in a top-bottom manner  , i.e. This information  , however  , is not available in DFS. Each of the initial seed SteamIDs was pushed onto an Amazon Simple Queue Service SQS queue. The crawling was executed via a distributed breadth first search. Stopping criterion. We augment this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method to identify the expanded dataset. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. Moreover  , breadth first search will find a shortest path  , whereas depth first makes no guarantees about the length of the counter example it will find. However  , if all violations go through a small set of nodes that are not encountered on the early selected paths or these nodes get stuck on the bottom of the worklist  , then it may be worse than breadth first search. In Section 3.6.1  , we show that breadthfirst search appears to be more efficient than depth-first search. We have chosen to search the LUB-tree hierarchy in a breadth-first manner  , as opposed to a depth-first search as in Quinlan 24 . If a crawl is started from a single seed  , then the order in which pages will be crawled tends to be similar to a breadth first search through the link graph 27 the crawl seldom follows pure breadth first order due to crawler requirements to obey politeness and robots restrictions . Discovery date. Although breadth-first search crawling seems to be a very natural crawling strategy  , not all of the crawlers we are familiar with employ it. Our results have practical implications to search engine companies. The experiments reported used a breadth first search till maximum depth 3 using the words falling in the synsets category. This affects the time spent in search for related candidates of a word not present in training data. We believe that crawling in breadthfirst search order provides the better tradeoff. On the other hand  , crawling in breadth-first search order provides a fairly good bias towards high quality pages without the computational cost. ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig. The differences between all strategies breadth-first  , random search  , and Pex's default search strategy were negligible. When looking at search result behaviour more broadly we see that what browsing does occur occurs within the first page of results. This reduced breadth of access is further evidence for the goaldriven behaviour seen in search. If all words in a title or subtitle are search keywords  , too many subject keywords will be generated. We have introduced a set of effective pruning properties and a breadth-first search strategy  , StatApriori  , which implements them. In this paper  , we have shown that its is possible to search all statistically significant rules in a reasonable time. In the first iteration  , only the reported invocations are considered  , starting with the most suspicious one working down to the least. We assume that a breadth-first search is performed over these top ranked invocations. These strategies typically optimize properties such as " deeper paths " in depth-first search  , " less-traveled paths " 35  , " number of new instructions covered " in breadth-first search  , or " paths specified by the programmer " 39. We have confirmed this expectation by running the MAY × MUST configuration with different exploration strategies on 20 methods for which exploration bounds were reached. This Figure 4: Use of case inheritance search travels upwards in the hierarchy  , i.e. , towards the roots. When determining the cases allowed for a given frame  , a breadth-first search of the case frame hierarchy collects the relevant cases. DFS may take very long to execute if it does not traverse the search space in the right direction. Depth Firat Search DFS and Breadth First Scorch BFS are examples of this class. This list is used by the predictor to perform a breadth first search of the possible concepts representing the input text. That partial structure is added as the first entry to the queue of partial structures. We perform the pose graph optimization first  , to make all poses metric consistent. It is in fact a similar hybrid reasoning engine which is a combination of forward reasoning breadth-first and backward reasoning depth-first search. This continues until there are no more transitions to be fired. During prediction  , we explore multiple paths  , depending on the prediction of the MetaLabeler  , using either depth-first or breadth-first search. A content-based MetaLabeler was built at each node in the taxonomy. A second dimension entails elaborating on line 3. Surprisingly  , they did not find any significant variation in the way users examine search results on large and small displays. Similarly to 23 they adopted taxonomy of three examination strategies: Depth-First  , Mixed  , Breadth-First. Because the expansion is breadth first  , the optimal trajectory will he the first one encountered that meets the desired uncertainty. For the fixed-uncertainty minimum-time optimization the search tree is expanded until the desired uncertainty is reached. Since large main memory size is available in Gigabytes  , current MFI mining uses depth first search to improve performance to find long patterns. But MaxMiner uses a breadth-first approach to limit the number of passes over the database. Although breadth-first search does not differentiate Web pages of different quality or different topics  , some researchers argued that breadth-first search also could be used to build domain-specific collections as long as only pages at most a fixed number of links away from the starting URLs or starting domains are collected e.g. , 18  , 21. All URLs in the current level will be visited in the order they are discovered before URLs in the next level are visited. This method assumes that pages near the starting URLs have a high chance of being relevant. Since the path down the tree is controlled by the nodes that are popped from the heap  , the search is neither a true depth.first nor a true breadth·first search of the hierarchy. They conducted two experiments to determine whether users engaged in a more exhaustive " breadth-first " search meaning that users will look over a number of the results before clicking any  , or a " depth-first " search. One other study used eye-tracking in online search to assess the manner in which users evaluate search results 18. For instance  , SAGE 28  uses a generational-search strategy in combination with simple heuristics  , such as flip count limits and constraint subsumption. Sine~ each node consists of only 24 bytes and the top-down search is closer to a depth-first search than a breadth-first search  , the amount of space required by the hierarchy n·odes is not excessive. The hierarchy nodes may be accessed more than once  , so they must be stored in separate locations. In particular  , Pex flips some branching points from previous runs to generate test inputs for covering new paths. It is written in Java and is highly configurable. That is  , starting from the root pages of the selected sites we followed links in a breadth-first search  , up to 3 ,000 pages per site. In our experiment  , we crawled 3 ,000 pages at each site. After both connections are made  , we find a path in the roadmap between the two connection points using breadth-first search. If we still can't connect both nodes to the same connected component of the roadmap  , then we declare failure. In this case  , only one DFA in conjunction with a standard breadth first search is used to grow a single frontier of entities. A similar solution is used for single source path patterns. We will denote this approximate Katz measure as aKatz throughout the rest of the paper. We execute breadth-first-search from s up to k levels without visiting t  , while keeping track of all paths formed so far. Any objects that are reached during the traversal are considered live and added to the tempLive set. We construct a work list starting at persist.root so we can perform a breadth-first search of the object graph. To propagate the constraints on join variable bindings Property 2  , we walk over this tree from root to the leaves and backwards in breadth-first-search manner. Next  , we embed a tree on Gjvar discarding any cyclic edges. This module contains multiple threads that work in parallel to download Web documents in a breadth-first search order. The Spider module is responsible for collecting documents from the Web. We observed that the similarity scores for the neighbours often is either very close to one  , or slightly above zero. The corresponding histogram is shown in Fig. In order to sample the distribution of distances between nodes  , breadth first search trees were formed from a fraction of the nodes. By following the path with the minimum cost  , the robot is guided to the nearest accessible unknown region. The breadth-first search is begun simultaneously at all these locations. See Figure 11for an example plan. Sensorless plans  , which must bring all possible initial orientations to the same goal orientation  , are generated using breadth-first search in the space of representative actions. Since the MFI cardinality is not too large MafiaPP has almost the time as Mafia for high supports. The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. The former hierarchy is used to inherit cases  , the latter to compose synonym sets. The backward search can be illustrated in Figure 4by traversing the graphs in reverse in a breadth-first manner. For example  , assume that we want to check whether machine A can be in on in a stable state. This " 3 ,000 page window " was decided for practical reasons. The crawl was breadth-first and stopped after one million html pages had been fetched. The crawl occurred in January  , 2002 and was made to mimic the way a real search service of the .gov pages might make a crawl. The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. Our solution combines a data structure based on a partial lattice  , and memoization of intermediate solutions. The number of traversals is bounded by the total number of elements in the model and view at hand. Checking for missing connections is done by a breadth-first search of the connectors in the model. We used JPF's breadth-first search strategy  , as done for all systematic techniques in 28. We specified sequence length 10 this was greater than the length required to find all the Java errors from Figure 7. Recall that we must regenerate the paths between adjacent roadmap nodes since they are not stored with the roadmap. This task is efficiently performed by an optimized implementation of the Breadth-first search BFS strategy through MapReduce 3. In particular  , we index all the shortest paths starting from a source and ending with a sink. At running time we use the index to retrieve the paths whose sink node matches a keyword. An estimate of L was formed by averaging the paths in breadth first search trees over approximately 60 ,000 root nodes. From the 259 ,794 sites in the data set  , the leaf nodes were removed  , leaving 153 ,127 sites. This allowed us to perform bidirectional breadth first search to answer the connectivity question. For each URL present in the dataset  , the crawler saved the link structure following links both forward and backward for two hops. Even this crawl was very time consuming  , especially when the crawler came across highly linked pages with thousands of in-and out-links e.g. Link types extracted include straight HREF constructs  , area and image maps  , and Javascript constants. Links are explored from the starting page in breadth-first search using order of discovery for links at the same depth. Each term is mapped to a synset in WordNet and a breadth-first search along WordNet relations identifies related synsets. Word- Net is also used to expand terms with semantically similar concepts  , following an approach similar to 9. Interestingly  , we can perform sensorless orienting with shape uncertainty. We determine these paths by breadth-first search throughG. Given the initial and desired final configurations of the system  , the high level problem is how to get from the initial to the final equivalence region. Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . The main differences between Apriori and Eclat are how they traverse this tree and how they determine the counter values. Comparing the running times we observe that MaxMiner is the best method for this type of data. RBFS using h 0 = 0 behaves similarly to the breadth-first search. Heuristic function h 0 evaluates all nodes equally so it has no heuristic power and does not provide any guidance. Then  , starting from this seed set  , we use the following five strategies to select five different account sets with the same selection size of k from the dataset 5 : random search RAND  , breath-first search BFS  , depthfirst search DFS  , random combination of breadth-first and depth-first search RBDFS 6   , and CIA. In this experiment  , we start from the same seed set of N identified criminal accounts   , which are randomly selected from 2 ,060 identified criminal accounts. The existing thread has the additional topic node 413 which is about compression of inverted index for fast information retrieval. shows the result of the experiment after the second step of the breadth-first search. Each operation produces a temporary result which must be materialized and consumed by the next operation. A combination of these operators induces a breadth-first search traversal of the DBGraph. bring the two parts to distinguishable states. The crawl started from the Open Directory's 10 homepage and proceeded in a breadth-first manner. For the experiments in this paper  , our search engine indexed about 130 million pages  , crawled from the Web during March of 2004. Each of these subsets is identified using a breadth first search technique. In an object like a dimpled sphere such as a golf ball  , the concavity regions are disjoint sets of features. We choose the appropriate face vector field and cell vector field for the two cases as described in Section IV. The trajectory design problem is solved by performing a pyramid  , breadth-first search. In practice four to six iterations are sufficient to achieve a heading space resolution of less than one degree. The search then proceeds in a breadth-first fashion with a crawling that is not limited to URL domain or file size. The start point for the crawl is the home page of the target site. An efficient implementation can use a data structure like the tree shown in Figure 1to store the counters  Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . JPF is built around first  , breadth-first as well as heuristic search strategies to guide the model checker's search in cases where the stateexplosion problem is too severe 18. JPF is an explicit-state model checker that analyzes Java bytecode classes directly for deadlocks and assertion violations. Therefore  , to perform concolic testing we need to bound the number of iterations of testme if we perform depth-first search of the execution paths  , or we need to perform breadth-first search. Since the function testme runs in an infinite loop  , the number of distinct feasible execution paths is infinite. This simple but extremely flexible prioritization scheme includes as a special case the simpler strategies of breadth-first search i.e. , a queue and depth-first search i.e. , a stack. Simply by assigning a priority to each alternative   , the DBC can determine the order of evaluation of invocations  , achieving flexible evaluation order  , one of our major objectives. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? In both studies  , users were significantly more likely to engage in the depthfirst strategy  , clicking on a promising link before continuing to view other abstracts within the results set. Thus pipelined and setoriented strategies have similar complexity on a DBGraph. They may constitute part of more complex execution plans Thev89The temporal complexity of a depth-first search is OmaxCardX ,CardA while that of a breadth-first search is OCardA Gibb85 . On the other hand  , the depth-first search methods e.g. , PrefixSpan 14 and SPAM 1 grow long patterns from short ones by constructing projected databases. On one hand  , the breadth-first search methods e.g. , GSP 15 and SPADE 21 are based on the Apriori principle 5  and conduct level-by-level candidategeneration-and-tests . The search is guaranteed to halt since there are a finite number of equivalence classes and our search does not consider sequences with cycles. If a plan is found it is guaranteed to be the shortest because of the nature of breadth first search and if the search fails to find any solution then no solution exists for the part. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l The main difference is that the candidates for further expansion are managed in a queue instead of a stack. The error plateaus at the final level of the bounding hierarchy because a lower bound cannot be extracted until the level finishes. Non-promising URLs are put to the back of the queue where they rarely get a chance to be visited. The number of possible choices of values of c and s that concolic testing would consider in each iteration is 17. Abstractly we view a program as a guarded-transition systems and analyze transition sequences. We used depth-first search DFS as the basis for PRSS in this paper; we plan to explore the use of variants of breadth-first search in future work. An enumerative search strategy is first characterized by the choice of the next state to apply an action on  , performed by the setNextState method  , which determines in which way the states are investigated. Let's consider how the FI-combine see Figure 2 routine works  , where the frequency of an extension is tested. Thirdly  , the vertical format is more versatile in supporting various search strategies  , including breadth-first  , depth-first or some other  , hybrid search. For each top ranked search result  , they performed a limited breadth first search and found that searching to a distance of 4 resulted in the best performance. Vassilvitskii and Brill 6 used distance on the web graph to perform a reranking of search results given that relevant documents link to other relevant documents. For example  , the mean number of nodes accessed in the top-down search of the complete link hierarchy for the INSPEC collection is 873 requiring only 20 ,952 bytes of core. As indicated above  , there are basically two ways in which the search tree can be traversed We can use either a breadth first search and explicit subset tests Apriori or a depth first search and intersections of transaction lists Eclat. Furthermore  , the number of small SubStNCtureS 1 to 4 atoms can be enormous  , so that even storing only the topmost levels of the tree can require a prohibitively large amount of memory. The MSN Search crawler discovers new pages using a roughly breadth-first exploration policy  , and uses various importance estimates to schedule recrawling of already-discovered pages. These pages were collected during August 2004  , and were drawn arbitrarily from the full MSN Search crawl. Therefore   , pages crawled using such a policy may not follow a uniform random distribution; the MSN Search crawler is biased towards well-connected  , important  , and " high-quality " pages. The second tool  , Meta Spider  , has similar functionalities as the CI Spider  , but instead of performing breadth-first search on a particular website  , connects to different search engines on the Internet and integrates the results. A sample user session with CI Spider is shown in Figure 1. We make use of relations such as synonym  , hypernym  , hyponym  , holonym and meronym and restrict the search depth to a maximum of two relations. Our results explain their finding by showing that relevant documents are found within a distance of 5 or are as likely to be found as non-relevant documents. In this graph  , subsequent actions are connected  , and TransferReceive / TransferSend actions are additionally connected to each other's subsequent actions. During this search  , we check that the newly introduced transfer does not induce a cycle of robots waiting for each other by performing breadth first search on the graph formed by the robot's plans. Through several recent independent evaluations 17  , 6  , it is now well accepted that a prefix tree-based data set representation typically outperforms both the horizontal and the vertical data set representations for support counting. The itemset search space traversal strategy that is used is depth-first 18  , breadth-first 2  , or based on the pattern-growth methodology 22. The existing methods essentially differ in the data structures used to " index " the database to facilitate fast enumeration. The search can be performed in a breadth-first or depth-first manner  , starting with more general shorter sequences and extending them towards more specific longer ones. We iterate through every possible insertion point for the new pickup or delivery point in s plan   , and choose the plan of lowest cost. A node in the tree contains the set of orientations consistent with the push-align operations along the path to the node. Search procedure: To find an orienting plan  , we perform a breadth-first search of an AND/OR tree lS . The documents retrieved by the web browsers of focused crawlers are validated before they are stored in a repository or database. Focused crawlers  , in contrast to breadth-first crawlers used by search engines  , typically use an informed-search strategy and try to retrieve only those parts of the Web relevant to some given topic 1  , 5  , 9  , 15 . The experiments described in this paper demonstrate that a crawler that downloads pages in breadth-first search order discovers the highest quality pages during the early stages of the crawl. For example  , the Internet Archive crawler described in 3  does not perform a breadthfirst search of the entire web; instead  , it picks 64 hosts at a time and crawls these hosts in parallel. If a winning path exists  , then the path represents the search schedule for the two pursuers. In order to find a winning path  , it suffices to build the graph G and to perform breadth-first search beginning at a start and ending at a goal vertex. To guide the search  , we work backward from a unique final orientation toward a range of orientations of size 27r  , which corresponds to the full range of uncertainty in initial part orientation. After the push function is used to partition the space of push directions into equivalence classes  , we perform a breadth-first search of push combinations to find a fence design. Its first phase is a " crawler " or " spider " that automatically searches part of the Web for caption candidates  , given a starting page and the number of trailing domain words establishing locality so " www.nps.navy.mil 2 " indicates all " navy.mil " sites. The breadth-first search implies that density-connections with the minimum number of objects requiring the minimum number of region queries are detected first. In a non-split situation  , we stop as soon as all members of UpdSeedDel are found to be density-connected to each other. The preponderance of diagonal path lines is due to the search being 8-connected  , and being breadth-first. The waypoints marked on the image indicate equally spaced one-hour time increments  , with the exception of the first interval  , which is a half hour. Sequence mining is essentially an enumeration problem over the sub-sequence partial order looking for those sequences that are frequent. All experiments in this section use the breadth-first search strategy. Our J-Sim experiments build the OU T data structure from Figure 4 and write it to a file only for the first version  , and load the information for unmodified transitions from the file to the IN data structure for each subsequent version. Text is provided for convenience. It is the sort of crawl which might be used by a real .gov search service: breadth first  , stopped after the first million html pages and including the extracted plain text of an additional 250 ,000 non-html pages doc  , pdf and ps. We note that for every fixed query a node assignment requiring no calls to updateP ath always exists: simply label the nodes in order discovered by running breadth-first search from s. However  , there is no universally optimal assignment — different queries yield different optimum assignments. This means that we can start emitting results right away when we retrieve the first result from the index. Focused crawling  , on the other hand  , attempts to order the URLs that have been discovered to do a " best first " crawl  , rather than the search engine's " breadth-first " crawl. " Rather  , any and all newly discovered links are placed onto the crawl frontier to be downloaded when their turn comes. Generalised search engines that seek to cover as much proportion of the web as possible usually implement a breadth-first BRFS or depth-first A. Rauber et al. The visiting strategy of new web pages usually characterises the purpose of the system. MaxMiner also first uses dynamic reordering which reorder the tail items in the increasing order of their supports. MaxMiner 3 uses a breadth-first search and performs look-ahead pruning which prunes a whole tree if the head and tail together is frequent. The data set representation that is used is horizontal 2  , vertical 35  , or based on a prefix tree 22. In effect we find the last fence first and work upstream  , like a salmon. l A split situation is in general the more expensive case because theparts of the cluster to be split actually have to be discovered. For each public user  , we first counted the number of protected mutual neighbours as well as the ratio of protected to all mutual neighbours. The arrangement enumeration tree is created as described above  , using the set of operands defined in Section 2 and it is traversed using either breadth-first or depth-first search. In general  , on level : 1 is created by joining the nodes in -with those in   , 2 for every node   , is defined and then linked to . The effect of search pruning at all Rtree levels is that  , starting from the top level  , the two nodes  , one from each R-tree  , are only traversed for join computation if the MBRs of their parent nodes overlap . In 3  , search pruning is done by synchronously traversing the two input R-trees depth-first whereas in BFRJ it is achieved by synchronized breadth-first traversal of both R-trees. Tuplesn tionally  , a depth first search explores one path deeply  , and thus may find a violation quickly if it serendipitously picks nodes that lead to some violation. Instead  , we can set parameters which we term the window's breadth and depth  , named analogously to breadth-first and depth-first search  , which control the number of toponyms in the window and the number of interpretations examined for each toponym in the window  , respectively. we consider all possible combinations of resolutions for these toponyms  , this results in about 3·10 17 possibilities  , an astonishingly large number for this relatively small portion of text  , which is far too many to check in a reasonable time. Otherwise  , the planner identifies the set of " boundary conditions " for the search  , namely:  The search for a sequence of regrasp operations proceeds by forward chaining from the set of initial gpg triples performing an evaluated breadth-first search in the space of compatible gpg triples. If there exists at least one non-empty intersection the pick-and-place operation can be performed with a single grasp corresponding to a gripper configuration of the non-empty intersection. Beam-search is a form of breadth-first search  , bounded both in width W and depth D. We use parameters D = 4 to find descriptions involving at most 4 conjunctions  , and W = 10 to use only the best 10 hypotheses for refinement in the next level. The quality of such rules is expressed with a confidence-intervalP with P = .95  , and the employed search strategy is beamsearchW  ,D. To seed our crawler  , we generated 100 ,000 random SteamIDs within the key space 64-bit identifiers with a common prefix that reduced the ID space to less than 10 9 possible IDs  , of which 6 ,445 matched configured profiles. In this graph  , vetexes and edges represent nodes and links respectively. Considering each mashup as a path  , we found that about 80% of 4100 existing mashup depth was no more than 3  , so we decided to make the depth level of the breadth-first-search be 3. A recent study of Twitter as a whole  , gathered by breadth-first search  , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 13. The accurate celebrity subgraph has a total of 835  , 117  , 954  , or about 835 million  , directed edges in it which is actually a non-negligible fraction of edges in Twitter's social graph. In this implementation the transitive closure of the digraph G T is based on a breadth first search through G T . This module computes the classification of an OWL 2 QL TBox T by adopting the technique described in Section 3. The sequence of retrieved documents displayed to the user is ordered by the number of edges from the entry point document. Additional documents are then retrieved by following the edges from the starting point in the order of a breadth first search. However  , after a large number of Web pages are fetched  , breadth-first search starts to lose its focus and introduces a lot of noise into the final collection. Instead of traversing the BVTT as a strictly depthfirst or breadth-first search JC98  , we use a priority queue to schedule which of the pending tests to perform next. Limiting the queue size limits the worst case storage requirements and performance of the al- gorithm. Since the planner performs breadth-first search in the space of representative actions  , the planner is complete if the computed action ranges are accurate. Given a nominal part shape with bounded shape uncertainty  , does the planner always return an orienting plan when one exists and indicate failure when no plan exists ? The initial collection was created for day 1 using a Breadth-First crawl that retrieved MAX IN INDEX = 100  , 000 pages from the Web starting from the bookmark URLs. We simulated 5 days of the search engine-crawler system at work. Using a 4000-node subgraph summarized in Table 3  , we generated 1633185 candidate edges. We developed an application  , ljclipper  , to restrict the overall friends graph to that induced by a subset of nodes of fixed number  , found using breadth-first search starting from a given seed. the largest subset of nodes such that any node within it can be reached from any other node following directed links  , contained 64 ,826 sites. When the FM is traversed using the breadth-first search BFS  , the edges in the FPN are generated according to relations between features in the FM and the weights on edges are computed  Lines 4∼5. Then E N i ,j  and W i ,j  are initialized Lines 2∼3. After the completion of breadth first search  , there are no unknown nodes and each node has a location area. Once we meet an unknown node  , we use its known neighbour nodes to compute its location area as described above and then turn it to a known node. In many cases  , simple crawlers follow a breadth-first search strategy  , starting from the root of a website homepage and traversing all URLs in the order in which they were found. Today  , Web Crawling is the standard method for retrieving and refreshing document collections 8 within WMSs as opposed to searching  , see 12. The rightmost thread contains the discussion in hypertext system in the late 80's such as hypertext system implementation Topic 166 and 224 and formal defintion of hypertext system using petrinet Topic 232. The CWB computes the similarity-degrees of the title and/or subtitles through a breadth-first search because the title and subtitles are within a nested structure. Searching for a similar title and/or similar subtitles in the compared Web site. As the crawl progresses  , the quality of the downloaded pages deteriorates. So  , instead of trying to find the optimal allocation we do the allocation by using the heuristic of traversing the tree in a breadth first-BF search order: l We have shown that finding an overall optimal allocation scheme for our cuboid tree is NP-hard DANR96 . Once it has been established that a high level path exists  , the lower level trajectory planning problem for each equivalence region node is to determine the trajectory which the cone must follow to reorient the part. Path planning for individual modules uses a breadth-first search starting at the end of the tail. At this point  , the chain is also moved to the tail  , starting at the extreme module e S of the slice and ending at the root lines 10–12. A candidate path is located when an entity from the forward frontier matches an entity from the reverse frontier. This enables to compute the representation of all concepts such that any pair of concepts sharing a common ancestor in the concept hierarchy will share a common prefix in their representation corresponding to this common ancestor. Once a goal state is reached we have a sequence of desired relative push angles which we know will uniquely reorient a part regardless of its initial orientation because that initial orientation must be in the range of The goal of the breadth first search then is to arrive at a current state p   , such that lpgl = 27r. We use the push function to find equivalence classes of actions-action ranges with the same effect. In our implementation  , we use breadth-first search in the space of representative actions to find the shortest sequence of fence rotations to orient the part. Our approtach to solve the regrasp problem is as follows: We generate and evaluate possible grasp classes of an object and its stable placements on a table; the regrasping problem is then solved by an evaluated breadth-first search in a space where we represent all compatible sequences of regrasp operations. Otherwise  , these constraints require that at least one regrasp operation must be performed. This procedure is then applied to all URLs extracted from newly downloaded pages. To address the issue of intolerance to false positives  , we consider only the top ten ranked method invocations reported in the diagnosis reports; the rest is ignored. In order to follow the edges in one direction in time  , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. To discover a topic evolution graph from a seed topic  , we apply a breadth-first search starting from the seed node but only following the edges that lead to topic nodes earlier in time. Our initial examination revealed that the allocated users IDs are very evenly distributed across the ID space. Capturing LCC Structure: To capture the connectivity structure of the Largest Connected Component LCC  , we use a few high-degree users as starting seeds and crawl the structure using a breadth-first search BFS strategy. Recently  , Microsoft Academic Search released their paper URLs and by crawling the first 7.58 million  , we have collected 2.2 million documents 4 . Third  , we import paper collections from other repositories such as arXiv and PubMed to incorporate papers from a breadth of disciplines. A lattice is defined over generated word sets for formulae  , and a breadth-first search starting from the query formula set is used to find similar formulae. convert operator trees to a bag of 'words' representing individual arguments and operator-argument triples 15. The graph pattern included in a SPARQL query is converted into a composition of such iterators  , according to a created query plan. That is  , for each node a set of SPARQL query patterns is generated following the rules depicted in Table 3w.r.t. This breadth-first search visits each node and generates several possible triple patterns based on the number of annotations and the POS-tag itself. The next step is to choose a set of cuboids that can be computed concurrently within the memory constraints . So  , instead of trying to find the optimal allocation we do the allocation by using the heuristic of traversing the tree in a breadth first-BF search order: l Clearly these computations can be done in time 0  m  once the minimum free radii have been calculated. We assign priority to the pending BVTT visits according to the distance: the closest pending BV pair is given a higher priority and visited next. The search is breadth-first and proceeds by popping a node from the head of OPEN list and generating the set of child nodes for the constituent states steps 1-4. If a node has a single state it is labeled solved. Search engines conduct breadth first scans of the site  , generating many requests in short duration. The Keynote robot can generate a request multiple times a minute  , 24 hours a day  , 7 days a week  , skewing the statistics about the number of sessions  , page hits  , and exit pages last page at each session. An estimate of the total number of edges by the present authors suggests there are around 7 billion edges in the present social graph. For each instance of the iterator created for a path pattern  , two DFAs are constructed. These pages contain 17 ,672 ,011 ,890 hyperlinks after eliminating duplicate hyperlinks embedded in the same web page  , which refer to a total of 2 ,897 ,671 ,002 URLs. Our web graph is based on a web crawl that was conducted in a breadth-first-search fashion  , and successfully retrieved 463 ,685 ,607 HTML pages. PD-Live does a breadth-first search from the document a user is currently looking at to select a candidate set of documents. Citation links and other similarity measures form a directed graph with documents as the nodes and similarity relationships as the edges. For clarity of exposition  , the database operations introduced in Section 3 have been described in a setoriented way  , independent of their integration in a query execution plan. Specifically   , we collected the previous Amazon reviews of each reviewer in the root dataset and the Amazon product pages those reviews were associated with. The topological map stores only relative information in edges while the metric map contains location of nodes with respect to the specified origin. The sensor-based planner performs breadth-first AND/OR search to generate sensor-based orienting plans for parts with shape uncertainty. Given a nominal part shape  , radius values of the center of mass and vertex uncertainty circles  , and maximum sensor noise  , they return a plan when they can find one and indicate failure otherwise. The sensorless planner uses breadth-first search to find sensorless orienting plans. For the parts in Figure 14  , going from top to bottom  , left to right  , the sensor-based planner took an average of 0.192 secs  , 1.870 secs  , 0.756 secs  , 0.262 secs  , 0.262 secs  , 0.224 secs  , and 0.188 secs respectively on a SPARC ELC. Using the enumeration tree as shown in Figure 2  , we can describe recent approaches to the problem of mining MFI. A simple breadth-first search is quite effective in discovering the topic evolution graphs for a seed topic Figure 4and Figure 5a. In this subsection  , rather than focusing on finding the single best parameter values  , we explore the parameter space and present multiple examples of graphs obtained with varying parameter values. show informative evolutionary structure  , carrying concrete information about the corpus that are sometimes previously unknown to us. We initially clone the live object set to know what it was set to before we begin walking the object graph. At every jvar-node  , we take intersection of bindings generated by its adjacent tp-nodes and after the intersection  , drop the triples from tp-node Bit- Mats as a result of the dropped bindings. They found that crawling in a breadth-first search order tends to discover high-quality pages early on in the crawl  , which was applied when the authors downloaded the experimental data set. 20 studied different crawling strategies and their impact on page quality. OVERLAP does the allocation using a heuristic of traversing the search tree in a breadth-first order  , giving priority to cuboids with smaller partition sizes  , and cuboids with longer attribute lists. For other cuboids  , only a single page of memory can be allocated -these cuboids are said to be in the " SortRun " state. The entry point can be directly provided by the user by selecting a document icon  , or determined by the system as the document that best matches the query. If the action ranges are overly conservative  , the planner may not find a solution even when one exists. Our evaluation is based on two data sets: a large web graph and a substantial set of queries with associated results  , some of which were labeled by human judges. Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. As desired by the user the list can be reduced to terminal authors. To detect deadlocks or paths to be folded we scan graph C with the BFS Breadth-First-Search algo­ rithm. and Next to the folding we introduce operations that re­ move from the systerl1 the vehicles that can visit all the vertices of their mission vectors. Unlike the simple crawlers behind most general search engines which collect any reachable Web pages in breadth-first order  , focused crawlers try to " predict " whether or not a target URL is pointing to a relevant and high-quality Web page before actually fetching the page. Focused crawlers are programs designed to selectively retrieve Web pages relevant to a specific domain for the use of domainspecific search engines and digital libraries. In addition  , focused crawlers visit URLs in an optimal order such that URLs pointing to relevant and high-quality Web pages are visited first  , and URLs that point to low-quality or irrelevant pages are never visited. Since the position bias can be easily incorporated into click models with the depth-first assumption  , most existing click models 4  , 11  , 13 follow this assumption and assume that the user examines search results in a top-to-bottom fashion. The breadth-first strategy  , however  , draws a different picture: a user will look ahead at a series of results before clicking on the favorite results among them. The subgraph returned by BFS usually contains less vertices in the target community than the subgraph of the same size obtained by random walk technique. It is worthwhile noting that other expansion methods such as breadth-first-search BFS would entirely ignore the bottleneck defining the community and rapidly mix with the entire graph before a significant fraction of vertices in the community have been reached. If the similarity-degree of a title and/or subtitles is higher than the threshold ­  , the title and/or subtitles are regarded a similar title and/or similar subtitles  , and the contents of the title and subtitles are considered similar contents. The use of the succ-tup and succ-val* primitives defines a traversal of the DBGraph following a breadth-first search EFS strategy Sedg84  , as follows : The transitive closure operation is performed by simply traversing links  , Furthermore testing the termination condition is greatly simplified by marking. The resulting operation  , called SIKC val*v ,R.k  , delivers and marks all non marked tuple ve&es connected to the value v by one edge valued by R.k. One possible source of this difference is that the crawling policies that gave rise to each data set were very different; the DS2 crawl considered page quality as an important factor in which pages to select; the DS1 crawl was a simpler breadth-first-search crawl with politeness. The DS1 and DS2 curves differ significantly: DS2 contains about twice as many documents which contain no popular shingles at all. If the target community exists for the seed set  , then according to 6  , this target community would serve as a bottleneck for the probability to be spread out. Before searching for a regrasp sequence  , the regrasp planner checks if the pick-and-place operation can be achieved within a single grasp. The division of the planning into ofRine and online computation with as much a priori knowledge as possible used for the offline computation turns out to be an efficient and powerful concept  , operating online in connection with the evaluated breadth-first search in the space of compatible regrasp operations. Two gpg triples Gi  ,  ,Pj  ,  ,Gkl sumes less than 5.0 sec CPU time on a SPARC station 5. The unions D:=DuAD and AD':=AD'usucc~val*v'  , R.1 can be efficiently implemented by a concatenation since marking the tuples avoid duplicate generation. To capture the full semantics of an input question  , HAWK traverses the predicated-argument tree in a pre-order walk to reflect the empirical observation that i related information are situated close to each other in the tree and ii information are more restrictive from left to right. Starting from this seed set  , we performed a breadth-first crawl traversing friendship links aiming to discover the largest connected component of the social graph. To initiate the crawl  , we used the search facilities on PornHub to retrieve all users from the 60 largest cities within and the 48 largest cities outside of the USA based on population  , giving us a seed set of 102k users. This figure suggests that breadth-first search crawling is fairly immune to the type of self-endorsement described above: although the size of the graph induced by the full crawl is about 60% larger than the graph induced by the 28 day crawl  , the longer crawl replaced only about 25% of the " hot " pages discovered during the first 28 days  , irrespective of the size of the " hot " set. The overlap continues in the 60- 80% range through the extent of the entire 28 day data set. the node that has the shortest average path to all the other nodes in Λ pred and to perform a breadth-first-search from this node in G pred subgraph of G containing only the nodes in Λ pred and their interconnects to create a tree of information spread and to use the leaves of that tree as the newly activated nodes. The first  , rather naive approach we implemented to predict Ξ pred was to select the most central node in set Λ pred ; i.e. Some connectivity-based metrics  , such as Kleinberg's al- gorithm 8  , consider only remote links  , that is  , links between pages on different hosts. In addition to the standard language features of Java  , JPF uses a special class Verify that allows users to annotate their programs so as to 1 express non-deterministic choice with methods Verify.randomn and Verify.randomBool  , 2 truncate the search of the state-space with method Verify.ignoreIfcondition when the condition becomes true  , and 3 indicate the start and end of a block of code that the model checker should treat as one atomic statement and not interleave its execution with any other threads with methods Verify.beginAtomic and Verify.endAtomic. Our experiments revealed that the influentials identified using this method have poor performance which led us to identify the next method of prediction. If the edges of a lockdown graph are weighted by the number of images constituting the part of the segment between the two lockdown points or more appropriately  , the sub-nodes on which the two lockdown points lie  , choosing the smallest-sized cycle basis will reduce computational cost in computing HHT to a small extent. In our work we use a simple breadth-first-search routine  , modified along the suggestions in 3  , to find a cycle basis for graphs that are allowed to have multiple self-edges and multiple edges between vertices. Similarity search A scoring function like a sequence kernel 9 is designed to measure similarity between formulae for similarity search. 0.25  , which are defined by experiences. Both key similarity search steps are covered by the generic similarity search model Section 3. The key mining and search steps are marked in Figure 3. Similarity search 15 allows users to search for pictures similar to pictures chosen as queries. Specifically  , feature descriptors that enable similarity search are automatically extracted. While the similarity is higher than a given threshold  , Candidate Page Getter gathers next N search results form search engine APIs and hands them to Similarity Analyzer. After receiving N search results from high ranking  , Similarity Analyzer calculates the similarity  , defined in 2.4  , between the seed-text and search result Web pages. We then propose four basic types of formula search queries: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. CH3COOH . The system can be accessed from: http: //eil.cs.txstate.edu/ServiceXplorer. In particular  , we demonstrate the search functions through three main search scenarios: service registration  , simple similarity search  , and advanced similarity search. To motivate similarity search for web services  , consider the following typical scenario. We identify the following important similarity search queries they may want to pose: The distinction between search and target concept is especially important for asymmetric similarity. Based on search  , target  , and context concept similarity queries may look like the following ones: At last  , all gathered pages are reranked with their similarity. After that  , Candidate Page Getter puts them to search engine API. Alternatively  , search results from a generic search engine can also be used  , where similarity between retrieved pages can be measured instead. A pairwise feature between two queries could be the similarity of their search results. ServiceXplorer also offers an advanced similarity search that enables users to locate services by selecting different index structures  , specifying QoS parameters and comparing the search performance with that of VSM. Advanced Similarity Search. Generally  , a chemical similarity search is to search molecules with similar structures as the query molecule. However  , sufficient knowledge to select substructures to characterize the desired molecules is required  , so the similarity search is desired to bypass the substructure selection. Interactive-time similarity search is particularly useful when the search consists of several steps. We have demonstrated that our implementation allows for interactive-time similarity search  , even over relatively large collections. Many applications with similarity search often involve a large amount of data  , which demands effective and efficient solutions. Similarity search has become an important technique in many information retrieval applications such as search and recommendation. distances to cosine similarity  , and further convert cosine similarity to L2 distance with saved 2-norms. For similarity search  , the sketch distances are directly used. Similarity name search Similarity name searches return names that are similar to the query. The ranking function is given as We propose four types of queries for chemical formula search: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. Then documents with CH4 get higher scores. structural similarity and keyword search use IR techniques. pattern search and substructure search deploy database operators to perform a search  , while some other ones e.g. In this paper  , we discuss a new method for conceptual similarity search for text using word-chaining which admits more efficient document-to-document similarity search than the standard inverted index  , while preserving better quality of results. This is also the first piece of work which treats the performance and quality issues of textual similarity search in one unified framework. For similarity search under cosine similarity  , this works well  , for only similarity close to 1 is interesting. We can see that the asymmetric estimator works well when cosine similarity is close to 1  , but degrades badly when smaller than 0. But performance is a problem if dimensionality is high. NN-search is a common way to implement similarity search. The Composite search mode supports queries where multiple elements can be combined. Figure 2gives an example of image similarity search. The combined search aggregates text and visual similarity. The combined search can be implemented in several ways: Unfortunately  , there is no available ground truth in the form of either exact document-document similarity values or correct similarity search results. SimilarDocument notion of similarity : Formalize the notion of similarity between Web documents using an external quality measure. In this paper  , we focus on similarity search with edit distance thresholds. The similarity between two strings can be measured by different metrics such as edit distance  , Jaccard similarity  , and cosine similarity. Ideally  , a similarity search system should be able to achieve high-quality search with high speed  , while using a small amount of space. The performance of a similarity search system can be measured in three aspects: search quality  , search speed  , and space requirement. Oyama and Tanaka 11 proposed a topic-structure-based search technique for Web similarity searching. Currently  , our similarity search for pages or passages is done using the vector space model and passage-feature vectors. The LSH Forest can be applied for constructing mainmemory   , disk-based  , parallel and peer-to-peer indexes for similarity search. We have presented a self-tuning index for similarity search called LSH Forest. MILOS indexes this tag with a special index to offer efficient similarity search. Specifically  , the <VisualDescriptor> tags  , in the figure  , contain scalable color  , color layout  , color structure  , edge histogram  , homogeneous texture information to be used for image similarity search. Among them hash-based methods were received more attention due to its ability of solving similarity search in high dimensional space. Extensive research on similarity search have been proposed in recent years. Similarity search has been a topic of much research in recent years. This situation poses a serious obstacle to the development of Web-scale content similarity search systems based on spatial indexing. Previous methods fall into two major categories based on different criteria to measure similarity. Concept similarity relies on a general ontology and a domain map built on the sub-collection. 2. an automatic search was then done by similarity of concepts with query and narrative fields just copied into the search mask. For Web pages  , the problem is less serious because pages are usually longer than search queries. In 15  , similarity between two queries was computed from both the keywords similarity and the common search result landing pages selected by users. Retrieved ranked results of similarity and substring name search before and after segmentation-based index pruning are highly correlated. Moreover  , the response time of similarity name search is considerably reduced. 10 also constructed a similarity graph  , where nodes are the images e.g. , the top 1 ,000 search result images from search engines  , and edges are weighted based on their pairwise visual similarity. Jing et al. The browser never applies content-similarity search on a relevant document more than once. When the user returns to the current list  , the user applies content-similarity search to the next document in the queue until the queue is empty. Otherwise  , pattern search would be a generalized form of the similarity search approach  , which makes it hard to compare them. In our experiments we assume a pattern does not contain a similarity constraint. The method using HTS only requires 35% of the time for similarity name search compared with the method using all substrings. We also evaluated the response time for similarity name search  , illustrated in Figure 11. This section describes the assumptions  , and discusses their relevance to practical similarity-search problems. The goal of this section is to illustrate why similarity search at  , high dimensionality is more difficult than it is at low dimensionality. In other words  , the similarity between bid phrases may help when pursuing a precision oriented ad search. Additionally  , spreading activation helped Ad- Search to beat Baidu as it further considers the latent similarity relationships between bid phrases. There is no formal definition for operation similarity  , because  , just like in other types of search  , similarity depends on the specific goal in the user's mind. The latter type of search is typically too coarse for our needs. Also  , our method is based on search behavior similarity and not only on content similarity. Instead  , we utilize the information from several users to create search behavior clusters  , in which users participate. Users begin a search for web services by entering keywords relevant to the search goal. Another useful search option is offered by video OCR. Previous results may serve as a source of inspiration for new similarity search queries for refining search intentions. An online demonstration of the search capabilities of the system is available at http://simulant.ethz.ch/Chariot/. In addition  , it allows an incremental search. We can rank the search results based on these similarity scores. One is the similarity to the " positive " profile  , the other for the " negative " profile. The real problem lies in defining similarity. The goal for any search is to return documents that are most similar to the query  , ordered by their similarity score. Our approach is feature-based similarity search  , where substring features are used to measure the similarity. 2 Chemical names with similar structures may have a large edit distance. Usually only frequency formula search is supported by current chemistry information systems. All similarity matrices we applied were derived from our color similarity search system. The symbol NONE stands for the pure exact ellipsoid evaluation without using any approxima- tion. Alternatives to this included using past clicked urls and their time to calculate similarity with the current search documents and using past clicked urls and time to calculate the similarity between clicked documents and search documents  , then predict the time for search documents. Last for RL4 they use the past queries and the clicked url titles to reform the current query  , search it in indri  , then calculate the similarity between current query and documents. They were successfully used for color histogram similarity Fal+ 941 Haf+ 951 SK97  , 3-D shape similarity KSS 971 KS 981  , pixel-based similarity AKS 981  , and several other similarity models Sei 971. Proceedings of the 24th VLDB Conference New York  , USA  , 1998 search have produced several results for efficiently supporting similarity search  , and among them  , quadratic form distance functions have shown their high usefulness. From there  , users can refine their queries by choosing a picture in the result to submit a new similarity search or to submit a complex search query  , which combines similarity and fielded search. Results are shown in the search page Figure 2b. The first two perform the similarity selection and correspond to the two traditional types of similarity search: the Range query Rq and the k-Nearest Neigbor query k-NNq 3. SIREN implements five similarity operators. As a result  , we derive a similarity search function that supports Type-2 and 3 pattern similarities. The The similarity degree between two patterns is calculated using the cosine similarity function that measures the angle between participating vectors. Some simple context search methods use the similarity measure to compute similarity between a document and context bag-of-words or word vector. This method is for validating the efficacy of the most common similarity measure. The MILOS native XML database/repository supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8   , and feature similarity search 5. Users can also express complex queries  , where full-text  , fielded  , and similarity search is conveniently combined. An ǫ-NN graph is different from a K-NNG in that undirected edges are established between all pairs of points with a similarity above ǫ. all pairs similarity search or similarity join 2  , 22  , 21. It is also possible that some relevant documents may be retrieved by document-document similarity only and not via query-document similarity. It may therefore seem more appropriate and direct to use document-document similarity for iterative search. For estimating L2 distance  , however   , we actually want low error across the whole range. For similarity search and substructure search  , to evaluate the search results ranked by the scoring function  , enough domain knowledge is required. For exact search and frequency search  , the quality of retrieved results depends on formula extraction. Similarity search in 3D point sets has been studied extensively . the binding pro- cess. 28 suggested a search-snippet-based similarity measure for short texts. For example   , Sahami et al. A query used for approximate string search finds from a collection of strings those similar to a given string. Finally  , we describe relevance scoring functions corresponding to the types of queries. As mentioned before  , substructure search and similarity search are common and important for structure search  , but not for formula search  , because formulae do not contain enough tructural information. In consequence  , we have developed a practical plug-and-play solution for similarity indexing that only requires an LSH-compatible similarity function as input. In addition  , speech recognition errors hurt the performance of voice search significantly. Jaccard similarity is 0. The all-pairs similarity search problem has also been addressed in the database community  , where it is known as the similarity join problem 1  , 7  , 21. Our work develops more powerful optimizations that exploit the particular requirements of the all-pairs similarity search problem. The similarity between the target document d corresponding to query q and the search results Sj   , j = 1.m  , is computed as the cosine similarity of their corresponding vectorial representations. A feature that appears to account for all these cases is the maximum lexical similarity between the browsed document and any of the top search results. Moreover  , ranking documents with respect to a pattern query that contains multiple similarity constraints is a complex problem that should be addressed after the more basic problem of capturing the similarity of two math expressions discussed in this paper is addressed. In the simple similarity search interface  , a user can type a single keyword or multiple keywords  , and our system will return the relevant services to the user. this scenario  , ServiceXplorer handles the similarity search of Web services by using EMD as the underlying similarity distance only. The search of a meaningful representation of the time series   , and the search of an appropriate similarity measure for comparing time series. It is first extended for similarity match on subsequences 5  , and further extended for similarity match that allows transformation such as scaling and time warp- ing 9  , 8. There are two major challenges for using similarity search in large scale data: storing the large data and retrieving desired data efficiently. Traditional similarity search methods are difficult to be used directly for large scale data since computing the similarity using the original features i.e. , often in high dimensional space exhaustively between the query example and every candidate example is impractical for large applications. It allowed them to search using criteria that are hard to express in words. " A third of the participants commented favorably on the search by similarity feature. The query language of SphereSearch combines concept-aware keyword-based search with specific additions for abstraction-aware similarity search and context-aware ranking. 7.5. An important conceptional distinction in time series similarity search is between global and partial search. Descriptor approaches usually are robust  , amenable to database indexing  , and simple to implement. While in global search whole time series are compared  , partial search identifies similar subsequences. Section 3 formally defines the similarity search problem for web services. Section 2 begins by placing our search problem in the context of the related work. Another liked the " very diverse search criteria and browsing styles. " They showed in experiments that their approach attained significant over 90% accuracy in segmenting and matching search tasks. query-term overlap and search result similarity. The benefit of taking into account the search result count is twofold. Therefore  , combining the similarity score and search result count eliminates some noise. This gives us two similarity values for each search result. where A is the search result vector and B is either the " positive " or the " negative " profile vector. Because frequent k-n-match search is the final technique we use to performance similarity search  , we focus on frequent k-n-match search instead of k-n-match search. Data page size is 4096 bytes. Similarity measures that are based on search result similarity 8 are not necessarily correlated with reformulation likelihood. Similarity measures that are based on co-occurrence in search sessions 24  , 12  , on co-clicks 2  , 10   , or on user search behavioral models 6  , 18  , 9  , 21  , are not universally applicable to all query pairs due to their low coverage of queries  , as long tail queries are rare in the query log. This possibility can be particularly useful to retrieve poorly described pictures. Clicking on a picture launches the visual similarity search. 2 depicts a typical keywordbased search result  , consisting of three ranked lists put together in a compact representation. However   , our solution  , D-Search can handle categorical distributions as well as numerical ones. We mainly focus on similarity search for numerical distribution data to describe our approach. It has some similarity with traditional text search  , but it also has some features that are different from normal text search. Microblog search is a special kind of text search. The problem of similarity search refers to finding objects that have similar characteristics to the query object. Our goal is to design a good indexing method for similarity search of large-scale datasets that can achieve high search quality with high time and space efficiency. We will compare our technique to standard similarity search on the inverted index in terms of quality  , storage  , and search efficiency. In this paper  , we will discuss a technique which represents documents in terms of conceptual word-chains  , a method which admits both high quality similarity search and indexing techniques. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces  , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. For low similarity thresholds or very skewed distributions of document lengths  , however  , LSH remains the method-of-choice as it provides the most versatile and tunable toolkit for high-dimensional similarity search. Similarity search in the time-series database encounters a serious problem in high dimensional space  , known as the " curse of dimensionality " . Finally  , although we only discuss similarity search with PLA over static time-series databases  , another possible future extension is to apply our proposed PLA lower bound to the search problem in streaming environment. To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. To perform a similarity search  , the indexing method hashes a query object into a bucket  , uses the data objects in the bucket as the candidate set of the results  , and then ranks the candidate objects using the distance measure of the similarity search. The search and retrieval interface Figure 2 allows users to find videos by combining full text  , image similarity  , and exact/partial match search. Full text indexes where associated to textual descriptive fields  , similarity search index where associated with elements containing MPEG-7 image key frames features  , and other value indexes where associated with frequently searched elements . However  , due to the well recognized semantic gap problem 1  , the accuracy and the recall of image similarity search are often still low. Typically   , in a similarity search  , a user wants to search for images that are similar to a given query image. So in conclusion  , structural similarity search seems to be the best way for general users to search for mathematical expressions  , but we hypothesize that pattern search may be the preferred approach for experienced users in specific domains. We also showed that it takes more effort from the user to form queries when doing pattern search as compared to similarity search  , but when relevant matches are found they are ranked somewhat higher. Similarity-based search of Web services has been a challenging issue over the years. Interested readers are referred to 2. study 16 shows that such similarity is not sufficient for a successful code example search. Holmes et al. by similarity to a single selected document. Daffodil also allows users to order search result sets in unorthodox ways – e.g. directly applied traditional hashing methods for similarity search  , and significant speedup e.g. In previous work 37  , Zhou et al. When F reqmin is larger  , the correlation curves decrease especially for substring search. We can observe that for similarity search  , when more results are retrieved  , the correlation curves decrease  , while for substring search  , the correlation curves increase. For the text search  , we make a use of the functionalities of the full-text search engine library. For instance it can be used to search by similarity MPEG-7 visual descriptors. It also includes a set of browsing capabilities to explore MultiMatch content. Section 2 reviews previous works on similarity search. The rest of the paper is organized as follows. These two are traditional hashing methods for similarity search. Both MedThresh and ITQ are implemented as in 37. Chain search is done by computing similarity between the selected result and all other content based on the common indices. Each search result can be a new query for chain search to provide related content. The techniques discussed in this paper can be used for dramatically improving the search quality as well as search efficiency. In this paper  , we discussed a new method for conceptual indexing and similarity search of text. This might be particular interesting for documents of very central actors. Once the list of central actors is generated  , documents of these authors could be displayed and used as starting points for further search activities citation search  , similarity search. Chein and Immorlica 2005 showed semantic similarity between search queries with no lexical overlap e.g. 2012 In the domain of online search  , several studies considered the temporal aspect of search engine queries. Observed from the search results  , this method ranks the images mainly according to the color similarity  , which mistakenly interprets the search intention. The image ranked at the first place is the example image used to perform the search. Although jaccard similarity is not a metric of search performance  , it can help us analyze the novelty of search results. Then  , we calculate the macro-average value for each unique pair of queries across all search sessions. As will be discussed later on  , the effectiveness of similarity hashing results from the fact that the recall is controlled in terms of the similarity threshold θ for a given similarity measure ϕ. However  , if one accepts a decrease in recall  , the search can be dramatically accelerated with similarity hashing. Search quality is measured by recall. ExactMatch or NormalizedExactMatch are essentially pattern search with poorly formed queries. Note that  , although we reformulate queries only for pattern search  , the structural similarity search produces results that are comparable with the results of well-formulated pattern queries. Most search systems used in recent years have been relational database systems. As mentioned above  , the semantic web and ontology based search system introduced in this study developed the next generation in search services  , such as flexible name search  , intelligence sentence search  , concept search  , and similarity search  , by applying the query to a Point Of Interest search system in wireless mobile communication systems. -Term distance method Dist This method uses the following similarity measure in place of the cosine similarity in Cosine. Many applications require that the similarity function reflects mutual dependencies of components in feature vectors  , e.g. In this paper  , we address the problem of similarity search in large databases. Such queries are very frequent in a multitude of applications including a multimedia similarity search on images  , audio  , etc. Such queries report the k highest ranking results based on similarity scores of attribute values and specific score aggregation functions. We developed a family of referencebased indexing techniques. In this paper  , we considered the problem of similarity search in a large sequence databases with edit distance as the similarity measure. esmimax: This system is to use semantic similarity score to rank search engines for each query. etfidf: This simple baseline is to use cosine similarity between query and resources in tfidf scheme. One may note that the above type of similarity measure for search request formulations may be applied to any description of both query and document. Of course  , other similarity coefficients could be used m this case as well. Various visual features including color histograms  , text  , camera movement  , face detection  , and moving objects can be utilized to define the similarity. 3 noted that a visual similarity re-search using a sample picked keyframe is a good design for retrieval. the one that is to be classified with respect to a similarity or dissimilarity measure. In similarity search 14 the basic idea is to find the most similar objects to a query one i.e. whose similarity to the seed page fell below the lexical similarity threshold used. The discrepancy of 6.5-6.1 = .4 articles/search is made up of articles which NewsTroll did not judge to be related  , i.e. The earliest attempts of detecting structural similarity go back to computing tree-editing distances 29  , 30  , 32  , 34  , 36. Finally  , there is also a search engine  , XXL  , employing an ontology similarity measure for retrieving semistructured data semantically 33. Given a search topic  , a perfect document-to-document similarity method for find-similar makes the topic's relevant documents most similar to each other. Query-biased similarity also helps the breadth-like browser but to a lesser degree. The similarity is measured by by mutual information between an entry candidate ei and all concepts C for query q: We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. Often  , edit distance is used to measure the similarity. Given a database of sequences S  , a query sequence q  , and a threshold   , similarity search finds the set of all sequences whose distance to q is less than . The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. We present two methods for estimating term similarity. The challenge of translation extraction lies in how to estimate the similarity between a query term and each extracted translation candidate solely based on the search-result pages. The underlying similarity measure of interest with minhash is the resemblance also known as the Jaccard similarity. Leading search firms routinely use sparse binary representations in their large data systems  , e.g. , 8. The techniques proposed in this work fall into two categories. CH3COOH. Similarity search Similarity searches return documents with chemical formulae with similar structures as the query formula  , i.e. , a sequence of partial formulae si with a specific ranges i   , e.g. We study the performance of different data fusion techniques for combining search results. For example  , we can study the semantic similarity between relevant documents and derive an IR model to rank documents based on their pairwise semantic similarity. Consider  , for instance  , a solution with similarity around 0.8. Although search for First-max finds the highest similarity using a longer path 77 steps as opposed to 24  , it reaches high quality solutions faster. Each attempt involves a similarity computation; thus the number of attempts rather than steps determines the cost of search. 5 ,000 because uphill moves are easily performed from solutions of low similarity. It can be used when a distance function is available to measure the dis-similarity among content representations. tion  , a spatial-temporal-dependent query similarity model can be constructed. With such information  , we believe  , the spatial-temporal-dependent query similarity model can be used to improve the search experience. If there are two search results we compute their similarity score and discard the articles if the score is below a threshold  Whenever the page-similarity score is below a threshold y the article is discarded Rule F1. Their proposed model  , namely RoleSim  , has the advantage of utilizing " automorphic equivalence " to improve the quality of similarity search in " role " based applications. 6 also gave an excellent exposition on " role similarity " . In this experiment  , we want to find how different ARIMA temporal similarity is from content similarity. This accomplishes one of our goals of involving time information to improve today's search engine. We use Live Search to retrieve top-10 results. To examine the quality of the IDTokenSets  , we compare our proposed document-based measures with the traditional string-based similarity measure e.g. , weighted Jaccard similarity . Another straightforward application of the socially induced similarity is to enrich Web navigation for knowledge exploration. Our group has begun the use of these similarity measures for visualizing relationships among resources in search query results 13. Near duplicate detection is made possible through similarity search with a very high similarity threshold. In many cases  , the presence of trivial modifications make such detection difficult  , since a simple equality test no longer suffices. T F ·IDF based methods for ranking relevant documents have been proved to be effective for keyword proximity search in text documents. Accordingly  , we combine the textual similarity and structural similarity to effectively rank the MCCTrees. Using such data presentation i.e. , and   , we can apply the vector space model and cosine similarity for Type-3 similarity search. Note  , is a set and it does not include the ordering information of the corresponding code snippet . Based on search  , target  , and context concept similarity queries may look like the following ones: The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. In the classical non-personalized search engines  , the relevance between a query and a document is assumed to be only decided by the similarity of term matching. The topic similarity between pi and uj is calculated as Equation 1. Query-biased similarity aims to find similar documents given the context of the user's search and avoid extraneous topics. Regular similarity treats the document as a query to find other similar documents. Evaluating melodic similarity systems has been a MIREX task for several years  , including for incipit similarity specifically . This confirms that determining what is the most appropriate search parameter depends greatly on the type of results desired. In search engine and community question answering web sites we can always find candidate questions or answers. Similarity calculating component: Calculating the similarity between two questions is a very important component in our QA systems. For each query  , the resources search engines with higher similarity score would be returned. Based on the bag-of-word representation and tf idf weighting scheme  , we calculated cosine similarity between expanded queries and the contents of resources. With the explosive growth of the internet  , a huge amount of data such as texts  , images and video clips have been generated  , which indicates that efficient similarity search with large scale data becomes more important. Usually only exact name search and substring name search are supported by current chemistry databases 2. Extending our previous work 25  , we propose three basic types of queries for chemical name search: exact name search  , substring name search  , and similarity name search. To implement this idea we built a 3 2 x 4 ' -weighted term vector for both the text segment and the text of the article and compute the normalized cosine similarity score. A second way of reranking is to compute for each of the results returned by the search engine its similarity to the text segment and to rerank the search results according to the similarity score. There are many possible ways to represent a document for the purpose of supporting effective similarity search. To demonstrate our evaluation methodology  , we applied it to a reasonably sized set of parameter settings including choices for document representation and term weighting schemes and determined which of them is most effective for similarity search on the Web. Topic similarity between query pairs from same session can reflect user search interests in a relative short time. For example  , average topic similarity between query pairs from different sessions can help tracing the user search interests during a relative long period. Many studies on similarity search over time-series databases have been conducted in the past decade. Thus  , it is quite interesting to investigate the similarity search with other distance measures and we would leave it as one of our future work. For each query reformulation pair  , we calculated the change of search performance measured by nDCG@10 and the similarity of results measured by the Jaccard similarity for the pair of queries' top 10 results. We extracted 128 and 101 query reformulation pairs from the search session logs of the 2011 and 2012 datasets excluding the current query of each session  , respectively. It should be noted that these disadvantages would not be associated with similarity measures which require only the knowledge of the form of search request formulations. O j could be used for determining the similarity between Boolean search request formulations  , its inherent deficiencies have stimulated further investigation. Second  , it is interesting to note that  , at least in theory  , for a document set D and a similarity threshold θ a perfect space partitioning for hash-based search can be stated. First  , we want to point out that hash-based similarity search is a space partitioning method. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that incorporates tight lower bounding and upper bounding distance function and DWT as well as triangle inequality into index for similarity search in time series database. Haar wavelet transform has been used in many domains  , for example  , time series similarity search 11. Thus  , we demonstrate that our scheme outperforms the standard similarity methods on text on all three measures: quality  , storage  , and search efficiency . This work provides an integrated view of qualitatively effective similarity search and performance efficient indexing in text; an issue which has not been addressed before in this domain. Prior research utilized the integration of IPC code similarity between a query patent and retrieved patents to re-rank the results in the prior art search literature 4 ,5. A distinct property of patent files is that all patents are assigned International Patent Classification IPC codes that can be exploited to calculate the similarity between a query patent and retrieved patents in prior art search. The main contribution of this paper is a novel Self-Taught Hashing STH approach to semantic hashing for fast similarity search. It would also be interesting to combine semantic hashing and distributed computing e.g. , 29  to further improve the speed and scalability of similarity search. The ranking is an important part of the Summa search module  , and similarity grouping is handled by the two modules described in this paper. Larger as well as more heterogeneous search results suggest increased focus on a clear and well-arranged presentation of the results  , which also means increased focus on good ranking and on some kind of similarity grouping. Stein and Meyer zu Eissen introduce the idea of near-similarity search to find plagiarized documents in a large document corpus 9. A great deal of similar research has also been conducted into text similarity searching or finding the most effective means of supporting search to find highly similar or identical text in different documents. For a low-dimensional feature space  , similarity search can be carried out efficiently with pre-built space-partitioning index structures such as KD-tree or data-partitioning index structures such as R-tree 7 . There has been extensive research on fast similarity search due to its central importance in many applications.  New results of a comparative study between different hashbased search methods are presented Section 4. Based on a manipulation of the original similarity matrix it is shown how optimum methods for hash-based similarity search can be derived in closed retrieval situations Subsection 3.3. The purpose of similarity search is to identify similar data examples given a query example. Semantic hashing 22 is proposed to address the similarity search problem within a high-dimensional feature space. However  , traditional similarity search may fail to work efficiently within a high-dimensional vector space 33  , which is often the case for many real world information retrieval applications. A common approach to similarity search is to extract so-called features from the objects  , e.g. , color information. In contrast  , a content-based information retrieval system CBIR system identifies the images most similar to a given query image or query sketch  , i.e. , it carries out a similarity search 7. For instance  , in case of an MPEG-7 visual descriptor  , the system administrator can associate an approximate match search index to a specific XML element so that it can be efficiently searched by similarity. In our system we have realized the techniques necessary to support XML represented feature similarity search. With similarity search  , a user can be able to retrieve  , for instance  , pictures of the tour Eiffel by using another picture of the tour Eiffel as a query  , even if the retrieved pictures were not correctly annotated by their owner. Similarity search is an option for searching for photos of interest  , which is really useful especially in this non-professional context. Similarity indexing has uses in many web applications such as search engines or in providing close matches for user queries. In recent years  , the large amounts of data available on the web has made effective similarity search and retrieval an important problem. After having determined how terms are selected and weighted  , we can take into account the domain knowledge contained in the similarity thesaurus to find the most likely intended interpretation for the user's query. With this choice  , additional search terms with similarity 1 to all the terms in the query get a weight of 1  , additional search terms with similarity O to all the terms in the query get a weight of O. When data objects are represented by d-dimensional feature vectors   , the goal of similarity search for a given query object q  , is to find the K objects that are closest to q according to a distance function in the d-dimensional space. The chain search of related content is done by computing similarity between the selected result and all other content based on the integrated indices. The integrated search is achieved by generating integrated indices for Web and TV content based on vector space model and by computing similarity between the query and all the content described by the indices. The k-n-match problem models the similarity search as matching between the query object and the data objects in n dimensions  , where these n dimensions are determined dynamically to make the query object and the data objects in the answer set match best. In this paper  , we proposed a new approach to model the similarity search problem  , namely the k-n-match problem . Time series similarity search under the Euclidean metric is heavily I/O bound  , however similarity search under DTW is also very demanding in terms of CPU time. the minimum the corresponding points contribution to the overall DTW distance  , and thus can be returned as the lower bounding measure One way to address this problem is to use a fast lower bounding function to help prune sequences that could not possibly be a best match. Queries are posted to a reference search engine and the similarity between two queries is measured using the number of common URLs in the top 50 results list returned from the reference search engine. Glance 12 thus uses the overlap of result URLs as the similarity measure instead of the document content. Semantic hashing 33  is used in the case when the requirement for the exactness of the final results is not high  , and the similarity search in the original high dimensional space is not affordable . However  , when the dimensionality of feature space is too high  , traditional similarity search may fail to work efficiently 46. Fortunately  , hashing has been widely shown as a promising approach to tackle fast similarity search 29. When m or n is large  , storing user or item vectors of the size Omr or Onr and similarity search of the complexity On will be a critical efficiency bottleneck   , which has not been well addressed in recent progress on recommender efficiency 23. Although the superiority of DTW over Euclidean distance is becoming increasing apparent 191835  , the need for similarity search which is invariant to uniform scaling is not well understood. We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. Since the pioneering work of Agrawal 1 and Faloutsos 2  , there emerged many fruit of research in similarity search of time series. This text similarity approach is also used in userspecified search queries: A user's query is treated just as another document vector  , allowing matching artifacts to be sorted by relevance based on their degree of similarity to the search query. A selection submodule is responsible for using the computed measures to recommend a small set of nearest neighbours to an arti- fact. An MPEG-7 description contains low level features to be used for similarity search  , conceptual content descriptions  , usage rights  , creation time information  , etc. Extensive works on similarity search have been proposed to find good data-aware hash functions using machine learning techniques. Due to the ability of solving similarity search in high dimensional space  , hash-based methods have received much more attention in recent years. As a second step  , we propose an efficient search procedure on the resulting PLA index to answer similarity queries without introducing any false dismissals. Therefore  , we can insert the reduced PLA data into a traditional R-tree index to facilitate the similarity search. To answer our first research question we evaluate the performance of the baseline bl and subjunctive sj interface on a complex exploratory search task in terms of user interaction statistics and in terms of search patterns. We use cosine similarity as a distance measure and calculate the average pairwise cosine similarity of the documents bookmarked Ds by a subject s: The following function is used: Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. For RL3 anchor log was used to reform current query  , search it in indri  , then calculate the similarity between current query and documents. To make this plausible we have formulated hash-based similarity search as a set covering problem. The technique also results in much lower storage requirements because it uses a compressed representation of each document. Although our technique is designed with a focus on document-todocument similarity queries  , the techniques are also applicable to the short queries of search engines. Features based on selected subsequences substrings in names and partial formulae in formulae should be used as tokens for search and ranking. In this paper we present the architecture of XMLSe a native XML search engine that allows both structure search and approximate content match to be combined with In the first case structure search capabilities are needed  , while in the second case we need approximate content search sometime also referred as similarity search. Do other elements affect the evaluation of a search engine's performance ? With the similarity in terms of technology and interface design  , why do only a small number of search engines dominant Web traffic ? First  , we discuss how to analyze the structure of a chemical formula and select features for indexing  , which is important for substructure search and similarity search. We discuss three issues in this section. However  , there are two reasons that traditional fuzzy search based on edit distance is not used for formula similarity search: 1 Formulae with more similar structures or substructures may have larger edit distance. User search interests can be captured for improving ranking or personalization of search systems 30  , 34  , 36 . After representing each query as a topic distribution  , we can compute topic similarity between query pairs Qx and Qy by Histogram Intersection 32: Structure search applications offer different query types: beside an exact structure search also sub-/super-structure and similarity searches are possible. Also the abbreviated naming of entities by using their functional groups only contributes to the false retriev- als.  A simple yet expressive query language combines concept-aware keyword-based search with abstraction-aware similarity search and contextaware ranking. Using information extraction tools  , predefined classes of information like locations  , persons  , and dates are annotated with special tags. The system is capable of contextual search capability which performs eeective document-to-document similarity search. In the second stage  , we compute all those documents which contain these lexical chains with the use of this index. Variants of such measures have also been considered for similarity search and classification 14. Such functions have been utilized in the problem of merging the results of various search engines 11. In addition to simple keyword searches  , Woogle supports similarity search for web services. To address the challenges involved in searching for web services  , we built Woogle 1   , a web-service search engine. For the example question  , a search was done using a typical similarity measure and the bag of content words of the question. Vector-space search using full-length documents is not as well suited to the task. In this respect  , blog feed search bears some similarity to resource ranking in federated search. First  , blog retrieval is a task of ranking document collections rather than single documents. Therefore  , the result of this search paradigm is a list of documents with expressions that match the query. While similarity ranking is in fact an information retrieval approach to the problem  , pattern search resembles a database look-up. Random pictures can be renewed on demand by the user. In case of similarity search  , the user can search by choosing a picture among those randomly proposed by the system. In the chemical domain similarity search is centered on chemical entities. Beside the query context  , of course  , it is also necessary to consider the actual query term for retrieving suitable search results. It provides complementary search queries that are often hard to verbalize. The implemented similarity search system tremendously extends the accessibility to the data in a flexible and precise way. Understanding feature-concept associations for measuring similarity. For instance  , if we know that the search concept is clouds  , we can weight the blue channel and texture negation predicates more heavily to achieve better search results. This information can be used for measuring image similarity. Motivated by this  , we propose heuristics for fuzzy formula search based on partial formulae. Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. Using the same method as in the aforementioned formulas the tfidf values are calculated for the terms  , but the term frequency is of course based on the search result itself  , rather than the " positive " or " negative " profile. The language allows grouping of query conditions that refer to the same entity. A simple yet expressive query language combines concept-aware keyword-based search with abstraction-aware similarity search and contextaware ranking. Results are presented in Figure  12. We also introduced several query models for chemical formula search  , which are different from keywords searches in IR. Retrieved results of similarity search with and without feature selection are highly correlated. Our search engine has access to copies of 3DWare- house and the PSB and can find models by geometric similarity  , original tags  , or autotags. We have implemented a shape search engine that uses autotagging . The Reranking is performed by using a similarity measure between a query vector and a web page in the search results. We can obtain multiple search results rankings by sending multiple subqueries constructed in Query making to an SE. Broad match candidates for a query were generated by calculating cosine similarity between the query vector and all ad vectors. 4 search2vec model was trained using search sessions data set S composing of search queries  , ads and links. In order to comprehend the behavior of hill climbing under different combinations of search strategies  , we first study the search space for configuration similarity. Figure 2shows b 12 variables For each given query  , we use this SEIFscore to rank search engines. By doing so  , each search engine has a SEIF score  , which is independent with queries or independent with the semantic similarity between query and results . The following pairwise features can also be considered  , although they are not used in our experiments. According to the traditional content based similarity measurement  , " Job Search " and " Human Rescues " are not similar at all. Let us consider " Job Search " and " Human Rescues " in Figure 2. As introduced in Section 2  , many current researches use interest profiles to personalize search results 22  , 19  , 6. The similarity between the user profile vector and page category vector is then used to re-rank search results: Sahami & Heilman 2006 30  also measure the relatedness between text snippets by using search engines and a similarity kernel function. 2007 10 use search engines to get the semantic relatedness between words. Buse and Wiemer 10 discuss that the answers of existing code search engines are usually complicated even after slicing. In this way  , the problem of similarity search is transformed to an interval search problem. Additionally  , the cluster centers Ki and the cluster radius ri are kept in a main memory list. the MediaMagic interface  , described below within our laboratory. We chose the TRECvid search task partly because it provides an interesting complex search task involving several modalities text  , image  , and concept similarity and partly to leverage existing experience e.g. As a stream of individual entries  , a blog feed can be viewed at multiple levels of granularity. On an existing e-commerce system  , a query can retrieve a set of related products i.e. , the search results. 36 developed heuristics to promote search results with the same topical category if successive queries in a search session were related by general similarity  , and were not specializations  , generalizations or reformulations. For example  , Xiang et al. Unfortunately  , the standard Drupal search could not be used for implementing this scenario. The expectation is that the search engine will retrieve all courses matching the query and will display them ranked based on their similarity to the input. This low storage requirement in turn translates to higher search efficiency. Besides  , capturing user search interests at topic level is useful to understand user behaviors. This search task simulates the information re-finding search intent. The similarity between this task and the previous one is that in both cases searchers have an information need. People  , and fraudulent software  , might click on ads for reasons that have nothing to do with topical similarity or relevance. Sponsored search click data is noisy  , possibly more than search clicks. We also introduce our notation  , and describe some basic and well-known observations concerning similarit ,y search problems in HDVSs. Based on these inputs  , the inverted files are searched for words that have features that correspond to the features of the search key and each word gets a feature score based on its similarity to the search key. All reviewers had the same experience. Although White  , like all of the reviewers  , did use concept search  , and similarity search  , he found that the predictive coding rankings using a more robust technology proved to be more effective overall. For example  , queries whose dissimilarity is 0 incur some search cost since similarity searches entail some cost even in the Euclidean distance space. In addition  , search cost is not proportional to dissimilarity . The problem of similarity search aka nearest neighbour search is: given a query document 1   , find its most similar documents from a very large document collection corpus. In Section 5  , we make conclusions. But in search engine such as Google  , the search results are not questions. In CQAs there are no such problems  , for we should just judge the similarity of two similar questions. By converting real-valued data features into binary hashing codes  , hashing search can be very fast. Hashing 6  , 24  , 31 has now become a very popular technique for large scale similarity search. Each document that contains a match is included in the search result. For testing the search labels  , the clusters in the hierarchy were ranked based on the similarity between the search representative and the topic description using the cosine metric. Consequently   , a dual title-keywords representation was used in ClusterBook. In case of fielded search users can search for pictures by expressing restrictions on the owner of the pictures  , the location where they were taken  , their title  , and on the textual description of the pictures. From the home page users can search for pictures by using a fielded search or similarity search. The range n0  , n1 of frequent k-n-match search is chosen according to the results on real data sets as described in Section 5.2.1. An interesting application of relational similarity in information retrieval is to search using implicitly stated analogies 21  , 37. A relational similarity measure is used to compare the stem word pair with each choice word pair and to select the choice word pair with the highest relational similarity as the answer.  Extensive experiments have been done to evaluate the proposed similarity model using a large collection of click-through data collected from a commercial search engine. A probabilistic framework for constructing the timedependent query term similarity model is proposed with the marginalized kernel  , which measures both explicit content similarity and implicit semantics from the click-through data. The task is essentially the same: given a potentially large collection of objects  , identify all pairs whose similarity is above a threshold according to some similarity metric. Other formulations of the general problem are what the data mining community calls " all pairs " search 1 and what the database community calls set similarity join 13. The cosine similarity metric based on the vector space model has been widely used for comparing similarity between search query and document in the information retrieval literature Salton et al. , 1975. Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. Depending on what is to be optimised in terms of similarity  , these may serve as cost functions or utility functions  , respectively. We envisage that such similarity metrics of a feature-similarity model may also serve as objective functions for automated search in the space of systems defined by its feature model. High dimensional data may contain diierent aspects of similarity. Futher research o n similarity search applications should elaborate the observation that the notion of similarity often depend from the data point and the users intentions and so could be not uniquely predeened.  Based on a manipulation of the original similarity matrix it is shown how optimum methods for hash-based similarity search can be derived in closed retrieval situations Subsection 3.3. New stress statistics are presented that give both qualitative and quantitative insights into the effectiveness of similarity hashing Subsection 3.1 and 3.2. SOC-PMI Islam and Inkpen 2006 improved semantic similarity by taking into account co-occurrence in the context of words. Along the lines of semantic similarity  , PMI-IR Turney 2001  used PMI scores based on search engine results to assess similarity of two words. In the next section we introduce a novel graph-based measure of semantic similarity. We discuss the potential applications of this result to the design of semantic similarity estimates from lexical and link similarity  , and to the optimization of ranking functions in search engines. The main idea here is to hash the Web documents such that the documents that are similar  , according to our similarity measure  , are mapped to the same bucket with a probability equal to the similarity between them. For scaling our similarity-search technique to massive document datasets we rely on the Min-Hashing technique . Their model interpolates the same-task similarity of a rewrite candidate to the reference query with the average similarity of that candidate to all on-task queries from a user's history  , weighted by each query's similarity to the reference query. 8  presented a probabilistic model for generating rewrites based on an arbitrarily long user search history . The Cosine metric measures the similarity by computing the cosine of the angle between the two vectors representing the search trails. The vector representation of trails allows us to use the Cosine similarity measure to compute similarity between any two given trails. Therefore  , it is not possible to use one fixed similarity measure for one specific task. To evaluate the ranking results of the different similarity measures  , we took all chemical entities that were retrieved by a similarity search in the field of drug design  , they expect different ranking results for the same query term. We present the similarity structure between the search engines in Figure 7. Apparently  , dogpile emphasizes pages highly-ranked by Live and Ask in its meta search more than Google and AOL and more than Yahoo  , Lycos  , Altavista  , and alltheweb. Imagine for example a search engine which enables contentbased image retrieval on the World-Wide Web. This situation poses a serious obstacle to the future development of large scale similarity search systems. We exploit this similarity in our techniques. Due to the similarities in UI  , estimating visibility on Reddit or Hacker News is very similar to estimating position bias in search results and search ad rankings. The evaluation shows that we can provide both high precision and recall for similarity search  , and that our techniques substantially improve on naive keyword search. We describe a detailed experimental evaluation on a set of over 1500 web-service operations. The features include text similarity   , folder information  , attachments and sender behavior. The authors employ a wide range of features to rank emails  , in a Figure 1: Guided Search: Spell-Correct  , Fuzzy person search  , Auto-complete learning to rank framework. We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. Due to ambiguity in natural language  , the top returned results may not be related to the current search session. Based on these index pages we analyzed how similarity between chemical entities is computed 4 . Indexing different unambiguous representations we were able to reach the retrieval quality of a chemical structure search using a common Google text search. However  , Google's work mainly aims to help developers locate relevant code according to the text similarity. Currently  , Google provides code search which can help users search publicly accessible source code hosted on the Internet 7. We will show that the scheme achieves good qualitative performance at a low indexing cost. We find that surprisingly  , classic text-based content similarity is a very noisy feature  , whose value is at best weakly correlated . A parameter controls the degree of trade-off. In their work  , a trade-off between novelty a measure of diversity  and the relevance of search results is made explicit through the use of two similarity functions  , one measuring the similarity among documents  , and the other the similarity between document and query. However  , the edit distance for similarity measurement is not used for two reasons: 1 Computing edit distances of the query and all the names in the data set is computationally expensive  , so a method based on indexed features of substrings is much faster and feasible in practice . A similarity measure between a page and a query that reflects the distance between query terms has been proposed in the meta-search research field 12. Let us start by introducing two representative similarity measures σc and σ based on textual content and hyperlinks  , respectively. An analogous approach has been used in the past to evaluate similarity search  , but relying on only the hierarchical ODP structure as a proxy for semantic similarity 7  , 16. The other three operators implement the similarity joins: Range Join  , k-Nearest Neigbors Join and k-Closest Neigbors Join 2. The document matching module is a typical term-based search engine. The framework has three core components: an actor similarity module to compute actor similarity scores  , a document matching module to match user queries with indexed documents  , and a SNDocRank module to produce the final ranking by combining document relevance scores with actor similarity scores. Efficient implementations for commonly used similarity metrics are readily available  , so that the computational effort for search and retrieval of similar products has little impact on the efficiency of this approach. An overall similarity measure is computed from the weighted similarity measures of different elements. We present experimental results demonstrating that using the proposed method  , we can achieve better similarly results among temporal queries as compared to similarity obtained by using other temporal similarity measures efficiently and effectively. We find temporal similar queries using ARIMA TS with various similarity measures on query logs from the MSN search engine. Minhash was originally designed for estimating set resemblance i.e. , normalized size of set intersections . Minwise hashing minhash is a widely popular indexing scheme in practice for similarity search. The K-NN search problem is closely related to K-NNG construction. These methods do not easily generalize to other distance metrics or general similarity measures. For instance  , a search engine needs to crawl and index billions of web-pages. Many applications of set similarity arise in large-scale datasets. Web services search is mainly based on the UDDI registry that is a public broker allowing providers to publish services. Compute domain similarity. The first approach is using data-partitioning index trees. The conventional approach to supporting similarity search in high-dimensional vector space can be broadly classified into two categories. Since BLAST-like servers know nothing about textual annotations  , one cannot search for similarity AND annotation efficiently. Further  , optimizations across data sources cannot be performed efficiently. Our new approach borrows the idea of iDistance and the corresponding B + -tree indexes. Thus  , we can save some cost on similarity search. Assume that we are part-way through a search; the current nearest neighbour has similarity b. The priority of an arc can now be computed as follows. if personalized information is available to the search system  , then ranking query suggestions by ngram similarity to the users past queries is more effective NR ranker. Meanwhile. 3 proposed an approach to classify sounds for similarity search based on acoustical features consisting of loudness  , pitch  , brightness  , bandwidth  , and harmonicity. Wold et al. A wide used method is similarity search in time series. How to get the useful properties of time series data is an important problem. Search another instance with high similarity and same class from 'UnGroup' data  , repeat 6; 9. Sign R x 'Grouped'  , add it to Group G i ; 8. IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media. It is computationally infeasible to generate the similarity graph S for the billions of images that are indexed by commercial search engines. In Since the page content information is used  , the page similarity based smoothing is better than constant based smoothing. Smoothing techniques can improve the search result. Figure 7: The concurrence similarity between two tags is estimated based on their concurrence information by performing search on Flickr. 11. Bing search engine. Sµqi  , c  , qi ∈ Ω Average character trie-gram similarity with all previous queries in the session Ω. Both tools employ heuristics to speed up their search. BLAST 123and FASTA 32 are are commonly used for similarity searching on biological sequences. In the context of multimedia and digital libraries  , an important type of query is similarity matching. Efficient rank aggregation is the key to a useful search engine. It partitions the data space into n clusters and selects a reference point Ki for each cluster Ci. iDistance 16  , 33 is an index method for similarity search. Finally  , we give the recognition result based on the searching results. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. Incipit searching  , a symbolic music similarity problem  , has been a topic of interest for decades 3. Rhythmic search is not possible.  We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. Our contributions can be summarized as follows. Section 3 gives our new lower bound distance function for PLA with a proof of its correctness. Finding a measure of similarity between queries can be very useful to improve the services provided by search engines . Our main contributions are summarized as follows: It has been observed that there is a similarity between search queries and anchor texts 13. Anchor text is an alternative data source for query reformulation . For example  , assume in Figure 21.2 that the primary bucket B6 contains a near neighbour with similarity 0.7. At this point the search can stop. A larger mAP indicates better performance that similar instances have high rank. mAP has shown especially good discriminative power and stability to evaluate the performance of similarity search. Our method was more successful with longer queries containing more diverse search terms. This prevented us from effectively exploiting similarity based on topic distributions with some queries. semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. The SemSets method 7 proposed for entity list search utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories i.e. Therefore  , a method for similarity search also has to provide efficient support for searching in high-dimensional data spaces. 256 colors in image databases . An additional feature was added to the blended display and provided as an additional screen  , i.e. , similarity search. See 12 for further details about subjects' browsing behavior. Foundational work such as 8  presents n-gram methods for supporting search over degraded texts. But the similarity is more substantive that this. However  , work is ongoing to implement time series segmentation to support local similarity search as well. We currently consider whole time series. Intent is identified in search result snippets  , and click-through data  , over a number of latent topic models. 11 look at intent-aware query similarity for query recommendation. In this paper  , we seek good binary codes for words under the content reuse detection framework. Section 3 defines the basic problem  , and Section 4 presents an overview of the basic LSH scheme for similarity search. Organization: We discuss related work in Section 2. The key in image search by image is the similarity measurement between two images. The result images are sorted by ORN distances. Two similarity functions are defined to weight the relationships in MKN. Users can browse and re-search with facets on the facet tree and panel. Then the vertical search intention of queries can be identified by similarities. Bridged by social annotation  , we can compute the similarity between a query and a VSE. We found this approach useful for spotting working code examples. Finally  , we discuss the derived similarity search model based on these two adopted ideas. In the following  , we review each of these ideas separately. Thus they push relevant DRs from the result list. Another problem is DRs that are irrelevant for the search  , but still get a high similarity value. In Section 2 we i n troduce the notation and give formal deenitions of the similarity search problems. The rest of this paper is organized as follows. Specifically  , the tf idf is calculated on the TREC 2014 FebWeb corpus. 19 apply several local search techniques for the retrieval of sub-optimal solutions. Thus  , in this section  , we discuss the actor similarity module and the implementation of the SNDocRank module. We order each items descending on their cos positive score. This method is well suited for real time tracking applications. The spatial gradient of this similarity measure is used to guide a fast search for the hest candidate. Our work is basically the other way around. Although the above measure SOi. Figure 1depicts the architecture of our semantic search approach. 3.2 is initially set up with a path length based semantic similarity measure of concepts. All these observations  , however  , have to wait for experimental confirmation. Popular email applications like Google Inbox 4  and Thun- derbird 6 display search results by relevance. We suggest training ranking models which are search behavior specific and user independent. Moreover  , we cannot deal with the above issues considering only content similarity. We use a weighted sum aggregation function with three different settings of the respective weights. In previous work we have shown how to use structural information to create enriched index pages 3 . However  , we know that these methods didn't provide a perfect pruning effect. It can save computational time and storage space. 10 propose a joint optimization method to optimize the codes for both preserving similarity as well as minimizing search time. He et al. We design a new -dimensional hash structure for this purpose. However  , because it can only handle one dimensional data  , it is not suitable for multi-dimensional similarity search. Similarity search in metric spaces has received considerable attention in the database research community 6  , 14  , 20. The key contributions of our work are: Their approach relies on a freezing technique  , i.e. Recently  , in 19  , routing indices stored at each peer are used for P2P similarity search. In these studies  , the problem of matching ads with pages is transformed into a similarity search in a vector space. 5  , 39. in the context of identifying nearduplicate web pages 4. The all-pairs similarity search problem has been directly addressed by Broder et al. Another approach for similarity search can be summarized as a subgraph isomorphism problem. However  , the problem on how those edit costs are obtained is still unsolved. Instead of feeding another time series as query  , the user provides the query in an intuitive way. Similarity search can be done very efficiently with VizTree. Therefore  , it is recommended to provide similarity search techniques that use generalized distance functions. This fact does not reflect correlations of features such as substitutability or compensability . Broad match candidates are found by calculating cosine similarity between the context query vector the content ad vectors. ads that do not appear in search sessions. All Pairs Similarity Search APSS 6  , which identifies similar objects among a given dataset  , has many important applications. Section 7 concludes this paper. Hence  , because such approaches are inherently different  , it is important to consider measures that fairly compare them. Similarity measures for Boolean search request formulations 335 Radecki  , 1977Radecki  ,   , 1978a. Finally  , the results are summarised and final conclusions are presented. This evaluation metric has been widely used in literatures 2735. Figure 6: Similarity between locally popular documents at 2 sites all the search sites taken together. This is due to very few documents being popular across different regions. enquirer  , time-period to support retrieval. The initiative to search depended on a librarian explicitly recognising a similarity with a previous enquiry   , and recalling sufficient details e.g. The user can search for the k most similar files based on an arbitrary specification. Another important operation that is supported is contentbased similarity retrieval. We used term vectors constructed from the ASR text for allowing similarity search based on textual content. We constructed several term vector representations based on ASR- text. In the sequel  , we discuss indexing the reduced PLA data to speed up the retrieval efficiency of the similarity search. the GEMINI framework 9. In 10 the authors use the Fast Fourier Transform to solve the problem of pattern similarity search. A survey can be found in 3. However  , all these methods target traditional graph search. 22 define a more sophisticated similarity measure  , and design a fragment i.e. , feature-based index to assemble an approximate match. New strategies have to be developed to predict the user's intention. Finally  , a similarity search query can be very subjective depending on a specific user in given situation. There are roughly three categories of approaches: volume-based approaches  , feature-based approaches  , and interactive approaches. The final Point Of Interest was obtained by searching the individual ID that was the searched Point Of Interest with the spatial search to the RDF triple Step 5. Results show that it can reduce the feature set and the index size tremendously. Bubble sort is a classical programming problem. This example highlights the challenges faced by any code search approach that depends solely on term matching and textual similarity. Research work on time sequences has mainly dealt with similarity search which concerns shapes of time sequences. Time sequences appear in various domains in modern database applications. We identify the following important similarity search queries they may want to pose: Suppose they explored the operation Get- Temperature in W 1 . Our research seeks to explore such techniques. Therefore  , exploration and search techniques are needed that can seek quality and relevance of results beyond what keyword similarity can provide. Caching is performed at regular intervals to reflect the dynamic nature of the database. 6 Offline caching of visual similarity ranking is performed to support real-time search. As a result  , clicking on the branch representing " abdb " as shown in the figure uncovers the pattern of interest. However  , an overlooked fact is that preference ranking in recommendation is not equivalent to similarity search in traditional hashing. We refer to their method as Zhou's method. This paper presents the neighbourhood preserving quantization NPQ method for approximate similarity search. The best score is shown in bold face. The first phase divides the dataset into a set of partitions. The framework for Partition-based Similarity Search PSS consists of two phases. As for ranking the retrieved documents  , TFIDF and cosine similarity were used. The search module exhaustively retrieved the documents which contained any terms/phrases composing the query. their cosine similarity is almost zero. An extreme case is that hyperplanes ω 1 ,2 and ω 2 ,3 are almost perpendicular on the definition search data i.e. Mezaris et al. The framework for partition-based similarity search PSS consists of two steps. Simdi  , dj ≤ min||di||∞||dj||1  , ||dj||∞||di||1 < τ. Thus  , our results allow to meet the difficult requirement of interactive-time similarity search. From another perspective  , searching a gigabyte of feature data lasts only around one second. Until meeting a new instance with different class label; 10. Using σ G s as a surrogate for user assessments of semantic similarity  , we can address the general question of how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. We conducted the experiments on the click-through data from a real-world commercial search engine in which promising results show that term similarity does evolve from time to time and our semantic similarity model is effective in modelling the similarity information between queries. We formulated the time-dependent semantic similarity model into the format of kernel functions using the marginalized kernel technique  , which can discover the explicit and implicit semantic similarities effectively. Finally  , we observed an interesting finding that the evolution of query similarity from time to time may reflect the evolution patterns and events happening in different time periods. We empirically showed that these two search paradigms outperform other search techniques  , including the ones that perform exact matching of normalized expressions or subexpressions and the one that performs keyword search. We characterized several possible approaches to this problem   , and we elaborated two working systems that exploit the structure of mathematical expressions for approximate match: structural similarity search and pattern matching. Note the complexity of our search function is similar to existing code search engines on the Internet e.g. , Ohloh Code since both are using the same underlying search model that is vector space model. In this paper we focussed on the usability of answers and how well a search system can find relevant documents for a given query. From the home page  , every user registered and non-registered can search for public material on the system  , login for managing the owned material  , registering into the system. However  , users require sufficient knowledge to select substructures to characterize the desired molecules for substring search  , so similarity search27  , 29  , 23  , 21 is desired by users to bypass the substructure selection. The most common method used to search for a chemical molecule is substructure search 27   , which retrieves all molecules with the query substructure . The MI- LOS XML database supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8  , and feature similarity search 15 ,5 . It supports standard XML query languages XPath 6 and XQuery 7 and it offers advanced search and indexing functionality on XML documents.  Recognition of session boundary using temporal closeness and probabilistic similarity between queries. there have been several attempts at building a personalized or contextual search engine3 or session based search engines 12  , our search engine has the following new features:  Incorporation of title and summary of clicked web pages and past queries in the same search session to update the query. In this paper  , as a first step towards developing such nextgeneration search engine  , a prototype search system for Web and TV programs is developed that performs integrated search of those content  , and that allows chain search where related content can be accessed from each search result. We then compute QRS as the maximum of these similarities: d  , Si Because retrieving the entire documents in the top search results to compare them with the target document is prohibitively expensive for a real-time search engine unless the vector forms of the retrieved documents are available  , we approximate the lexical content of interest of the retrieved documents with the snippet of the document as generated by the search engine for the target query. In this way  , the two major challenges for large scale similarity search can be addressed as: data examples are encoded and highly compressed within a low-dimensional binary space  , which can usually be loaded in main memory and stored efficiently. Then similarity search can be simply conducted by calculating the Hamming distances between the codes of available data examples and the query and selecting data examples within small Hamming distances. Traditional text similarity search methods in the original keyword vector space are difficult to be used for large datasets  , since these methods utilize the content vectors of the documents in a highdimensional space and are associated with high cost of float/integer computation. Two major challenges have to be addressed for using similarity search in large scale datasets such as storing the data efficiently and retrieving the large scale data in an effective and efficient manner. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. Since the full graphic structure information of a molecule is unavailable  , we use partial formulae as substructures for indexing and search. Therefore the ad search engine performs similarity search in the vector space with a long query and relatively short ad vectors. So it is almost never the case that an ad will contain all the features of the ad search query. This is a key-word search engine which searches documents based on the dominant topics present in them by relating the keywords to the diierent topics. He provided evidence for the existence of search communities by showing that a group of co-workers had a higher query similarity threshold than general Web users. Smyth 23 suggested that click-through data from users in the same " search community " e.g. , a group of people who use a special-interest Web portal or work together could enhance search. The limitation of these methods is that they either depend on some external resources e.g. , 14  , or the generated graph is very dense and may contain noisy information e.g. , 4  , 10  , thus needing more computational effort and possibly being inaccurate. To this end  , we are interested in hashing users and items into binary codes for efficient recommendation since the useritem similarity search can be efficiently conducted in Hamming space. For example  , given a " query " user ui  , we recommend items by ranking the predicted ratings V T ui ∈ R n ; when n is large  , such similarity search scheme is apparently an efficiency bottleneck for practical recommender systems 33  , 32. Such segmentation and indexing allow end-users to perform fuzzy searches for chemical names  , including substring search and similarity search. To support partial chemical name searches  , our search engine segments a chemical name into meaningful sub-terms automatically by utilizing the occurrences of sub-terms in chemical names. Fig.1illustrates the unified entity search framework based on the proposed integral multi-level graph. Instead of exploring similarity metrics used in existing entity search  , the procedure encourages interaction among multiple entities to seek for consensus that are useful for entity search. stem search  , -phrase search and full word search on node texts  , equality and phonetic similarity on author names. The BIRS interface to the logical level consists of a set of binary predicates  , each applying a specific vague predicate to a specific attribute of document nodes e.g. Similar to IR systems like ECLAIR Harper & Walker 921 or FIRE Sonnenberger 8z Frei 951  , BIRS is based on an object-oriented design figure 2 shows the class diagram in UML Fowler & Scott 971 notation; however  , only BIRS implements physical data independence3. Much of the work on search personalization focuses on longerterm models of user interests. Specifically  , datasets involved in our experiments consist of text and images  , and we use text as query to search similar images and image as query to search similar texts. We conduct experiments on three real-world datasets for cross-modal similarity search to verify the effectiveness of LSSH. The humanjudged labels indicated that users of search engines are more willing to click on suggestions that could potentially lead to more diversified search results  , but still within the same user search intent. This is dictory to many existing researches with aimed at making suggestions based on query similarity solely. From that page it is possible to perform a full-text search  , a similarity search starting from one of the random selected images. From one of the authors' home page 3 it is possible to find a link to the demo web application of the developed search engine. Given a user attempting a search task  , the goal of our method is to learn from the on-task search behavior of other users. In this section we describe the methods that we use to compute the similarity between pairs of search tasks  , how we mine similar tasks  , and the features that we generate for ranking. We also show that for the same query of similarity name search or substring name search  , the search result using segmentation-based index pruning has a strong correlation with the result before index pruning. In that case  , the response time will be even longer. This paper attempts to extract the semantic similarity information between queries by exploring the historical click-through data collected from the search engine. With the availability of massive amount of click-through data in current commercial search engines  , it becomes more and more important to exploit the click-through data for improving the performance of the search engines. Yet we still compare LSSH to CHMIS to verify the ability of LSSH to promote search performance by merging knowledge from heterogeneous data sources. This method improves search accuracy by combining multiple information sources of one instance  , and actually is not implemented for cross-modal similarity search. Taking an approach that does not require such conditions  , Lawrence & Giles performed a local search on a collection formed by downloading all documents retrieved by the source search engines 2. In addition  , source search engines rarely return a similarity score when presenting a retrieved set. Apache Lucene is a high-performance  , full-featured text search engine library written entirely in Java that is suitable for nearly any application requiring full-text search abilities. In this paper  , we would like to approach the problem of similarity search by enhancing the full-text retrieval library Lucene 1 with content-based image retrieval facilities. Assume that we have a search engine providing a search box with sufficient space  , where the user can enter as a query the title of a course along with the course topics. With this viewpoint  , we also measure search quality by comparing the distances to the query for the K objects retrieved to the corresponding distances of the K nearest objects. In both systems  , color-based and texturebased image similarity search were available by dragging and dropping a thumbnail to use as the key for an image-based search. We created two systems with nearly identical user interfaces and search capabilities  , but with one system ignorant of the speech narrative. In particular  , we use a technique for approximate similarity search when data are represented in generic metric spaces. The fact that full search achieves higher nDCG scores than pre-search confirms the successful re-ordering that takes place in full search based on pairwise entity-based similarity computation. The plot shows that generally  , the larger the candidate set  , the better the quality. We have decided to adopt a known solution proposed for search engines in order to have more realistic results in the experiments. where sc is the vector-space similarity of the query q with the contents of document d  , sa is the similarity of q with the anchor text concatenation associated with d  , and s h is the authority value of d. Notice that the search engine ranking function is not our main focus here. Finally  , the simplest identification submodule is the newsgropu thread matcher  , which looks for " References " headers in newsgroup articles and reconstructs conversation threads of a newsgroup posting and subsequent replies. When the precision at N   , where N is the rank of the current document  , drops below 0.5 or when 2 contiguous non-relevant documents have been encountered  , the user applies content-similarity search to the first relevant document in the queue. In Chemoinformatics and the field of graph databases  , to search for a chemical molecule  , the most common and simple method is the substructure search 25  , which retrieves all molecules with the query substructures. Textual similarity between code snippets and the query is the dominant measure used by existing Internet-scale code search engines. These engines are known as Internet-scale code search engines 14  , such as Ohloh Code previously known as Koders and Google code search 13 discontinued service as of March 2013. Unfortunately  , these search types are not directly portable to textual searches  , because e.g. , substructures of an entity are not simply substrings of the entity name. The video library interface used for the study was an enhanced version of the one used with TRECVID 2003 that achieved the bestranked interactive search performance at that time. In this paper  , we propose a novel hashing method  , referred to as Latent Semantic Sparse Hashing  , for large-scale crossmodal similarity search between images and texts. And the study on query diversity shows the influence of different query types on the search performance and combining information from multiple source can help increase search performance. Such hash-based methods for fast similarity search can be considered as a means for embedding high-dimensional feature vectors to a low-dimensional Hamming space the set of all 2 l binary strings of length l  , while retaining as much as possible the semantic similarity structure of data. Nevertheless  , if the complete exactness of results is not really necessary  , similarity search in a highdimensional space can be dramatically speeded up by using hash-based methods which are purposefully designed to approximately answer queries in virtually constant time 42. Moreover  , these similarity values depend on the information retrieval system to which the queries are directed; for the same pair of search request formulations  , the similarity coefficient values will vary significantly  , according to the variations in the document set subject matter of the systems considered. First of all  , it should be mentioned that the values of similarity coefficients between search request formulations determined by means of the measures based on the responses to queries depend on document indexing parameters such as exhaustivity and specificity. As shown in Table 2  , on average  , we did not find significant change of nDCG@10 on users' reformulated queries  , although the sets of results retrieved did change a lot  , with relatively low Jaccard similarity with the results of the previous queries. The transformed domain ¯ D and the similarity s can be used to perform approximate similarity search in place of the domain D and the distance function d. Figure 1c shows the similarity  , computed in the transformed space  , of the data objects from the query object. 1 and Spearmans ρ distance to sort all the objects with respect to an arbitrary query object we obtain the same sequence in inverse order  , as Figure 1b shows. Full-text search engines typically use Cosine Similarity to measure the matching degree of the query vector ¯ q with document vectors ¯ The basic idea underlying our approach is to associate a textual representation to each metric object of the database so that the inverted index produced by Lucene looks like the one presented above and that its built-in similarity function behaves like the Spearman Similarity rank correlation used to compare ordered lists. The variance of each document's relevance score is set to be a constant in this experiment as we wish to demonstrate the effect of document dependence on search results  , and it is more difficult to model score variance than covariance. We investigated two popular similarity measures  , Jaccard Similarity and Cosine Similarity  , and our experiments showed that the latter had a much better performance and is used in the remainder of our experiments. To define the similarity measure  , we took the number of matches  , the length of the URL   , the value of the match between the URL head and the URL tail into account  , as shown in the last lines of Table 9. In order to evaluate this reranking scheme  , we ranked the URL address result list according to request their similarity. In the latter case  , we computed the similarity between each search keyword and a given URL function inFuzzy. Finally  , a user similarity matrix is constructed capturing similarity between each pair of users over a variety of dimensions user interests  , collection usage  , queries  , favorite object descriptions that are integrated into a unified similarity score. Moreover  , correlations between queries and collections are extracted over the grouplevel profiles  , based on frequency measures  , while some additional statistics are computed to quantify secondary user actions  , such as selection of Advanced Search Fields  , Collection Themes  , etc. This means the within ads similarity of users  , which are represented by their short term search behaviors  , can be around 90 times larger than the corresponding between ads similarity. The most significant one is SQ with the average R as large as 91.189 compared with other BT strategies. 21 built location information detector based on multiple data sources  , including query result page content snippets and query logs. This phenomenon suggests that we should give higher priority to the similarity information collected in smaller distances and rely on long-distance similarities only if necessary . The middle diagram shows the tendency that the quality of similarity search can be increased by smaller decay factor . The main drawback of these hashing approaches is that they cannot be directly used in applications where we are not given a similarity metric but rather class/relevance labels that indicate which data points are similar or dissimilar to each other. We implemented both the basic LSH scheme and the LSH Forest schemes both SYNCHASCEND and ASYNCHASCEND and studied their performance for similarity search in the text domain. We now describe the set-up of our evaluation   , in terms of datasets  , similarity functions  , and LSH functions used  , and quality metrics measured. All these techniques rely on similarity functions which only use information from the input string and the target entity it is supposed to match. Approximate-match based dictionary lookup was studied under the context of string similarity search in application scenarios such as data cleaning and entity extraction e.g. , 7  , 8  , 4 . Intuitively  , we consider operations to be similar if they take similar inputs  , produce similar outputs  , and the relationships between the inputs and outputs are similar. If two documents do not contain query terms their query-dependant similarity will be 0 regardless of how close they may be with regards to the cosine similarity. Therefore  , their distance is not an absolute value but relative to the search context  , i.e. , the query. The format of the results includes method name  , path  , line of code where implementation for this method starts  , and the similarity with a query 11. The search results are displayed in the standard output window in Visual Studio sorted in decreasing order based on similarity values between the query keywords and the respective methods. Future enhancements will also comprise special treatment of terms appearing in the meta-tags of the mp3 files and the search for phrases in lyrics. Furthermore  , we believe that there is much more potential in integrating audio-based similarity  , especially if improved audio similarity measures become available. Given a search results D  , a visual similarity graph G is first constructed. It consists of five key phases: the visual similarity graph construction phase Line 1  , the E-construction phase Line 2  , the decomposition phase Line 3  , the summary compression phase Line 4  , and the exemplar summary generation phase Lines 5-9. Structural similarity: The similarity of two expressions is defined as a function of their structures and the symbols they share. Because mathematical expressions are often distinguished by their structure rather than relying merely on the symbols they include  , we describe two search paradigms that incorporate structure: 1. We analyzed in this connection also specifically compiled corpora whose similarity distribution is significantly skewed towards high similarities: Figure 4contrasts the similarity distribution in the original Reuters Corpus hatched light and in the special corpora solid dark. With other corpora and other parameter settings for the hash-based search methods this characteristic is observed as well. In our baseline system  , we currently support descriptor-based global similarity search in time series  , based on the notion of geometric similarity of respective curves. Addressing interactive and visual descriptor choice is an important aspect of future work in our project. In this paper  , we present a scalable approach for related-document search using entity-based document similarity. By using entities instead of text  , heterogeneous content can be handled in an integrated manner and some disadvantages of statistical similarity approaches can be avoided. Thereby the resource that has the highest overall similarity for a specific search query is presented most conspicuous whereas resources with minor similarities are visualized less notable Figure 1. On the one hand the size and color intensity of result nodes are adjusted according to the result similarity. The measures were integrated in a similarity-based classification procedure that builds models of the search-space based on prototypical individuals. The similarity measure employed derives from the extended family of semantic pseudo-metrics based on feature committees 4: weights are based on the amount of information conveyed by each feature  , on the grounds of an estimate of its entropy. Figure 5illustrates the different similarities sorted for each measure and shows that 41% of the time we can extract a significantly similar replacement page R replacement  to the original resource R missing  by at least 70% similarity. Then  , we compare R missing  with each of the elements in R search  and R co−occurring  to demonstrate the best possible similarity. Using this method  , users can perform similarity search over the graph structure  , shared characteristics  , and distinct characteristics of each recipe. Based on the structure of cooking graphs  , we proceed to propose a novel graph-based similarity calculation method which is radically different from normal text-based or content-based approaches. Since the goal is to offer only high quality suggestions  , we only need to find pairs of queries whose similarity score is above a threshold. One approach to generating such suggestions is to find all pairs of similar queries based on the similarity of the search results for those queries 19. These formulae are used to perform similarity searches. After index construction  , for similarity name search  , we generate a list of 100 queries using chemical names selected randomly: half from the set of indexed chemical names and half from unindexed chemical names. This table also tells us that the search queries will be more effective than clicked pages for user representation in BT. Among all the ads we collected in our dataset  , about 99.37% pairs of ads have the property that   , which means that for most of the ads  , the within ads user similarity is larger than the between ads user similarity. To detect coalition attacks  , the commissioner has to search for publishers' sites with highly similar traffic. The goal is to discover all pairs of sites whose similarity exceeds some threshold  , s. Fortunately  , as shown in Section 6  , any two legitimate sites have negligible similarity. Similarity search in metric spaces focuses on supporting queries  , whose purpose is to retrieve objects which are similar to a query point  , when a metric distance function dist measures the objects dissimilarity. This is  , retrieve a set A ⊆ D such that |A| = k and ∀u ∈ A  , v ∈ D − A  , distq  , u ≤ distq  , v. In the context of chemical structure search a lot of work has been done in developing similarity measures for chemical entities resulting in a huge amount of available measures. In this section we will shortly describe the fingerprints and similarity measures widely used in the chemical domain. The similarity merge formula multiplies the sum of fusion component scores for a document by the number of fusion components that retrieved the document i.e. In post-retrieval fusion  , where multiple sets of search results are combined after retrieval time  , two of the most common fusion formulas are Similarity Merge Fox & Shaw  , 1995; Lee  , 1997 and Weighted Sum Bartell et al. , 1994; Thompson  , 1990. Secondly  , since the queries and the documents are comparable in size  , the similarity measure often used in these search tasks is that of the edit distance inverse similarity  , i.e. As a result of this the queries themselves are comparable in size to the documents in the collection. Finally  , Yahoo built a visual similarity-based interactive search system  , which led to more refined product recommendations 8. At eBay it's been proven that image-based information can be used to quantify image similarity  , which can be used to discern products with different visual appearances 2. 19 Table 1shows the 20 items exhibiting the highest similarity with the query article " Gall " article number 9562 based on the global vector similarity between query and retrieved article texts. Here an article included in the Funk and Wagnalls encyclopedia is used as a search request  , and other related encyclopedia articles are retrieved in response to the query articles. Figure 3billustrates the similarity achieved as a function of the number of attempts for the above query set 9 variables and dataset density 0.5 combination. Initially  , the cosine similarity of an initial recommendation to the positive profile determined the ranking. In MS12  , recommendations were collected by using the location context as search query in Google Places and were ranked by their textual similarity to the user profiles  , based on a TF- IDF measure. The above sample distribution illustrates the number of documents from the sample of un-retrieved documents that had a similarity to the merged feature vector of the top 2000 retrieved results. To achieve this we sampled at 1537 samples 95% confidence for % 5  of error estimate and identified whether new samples with high similarity added any new interesting search terms. The first rule invokes a search for a possible open reading frame ORF  , that is  , a possible start and stop location for translation in a contig and for a similarity that is contained within. With two straightforward rules  , we have a declar* tive program that derives CDS/function pairs from the similarity facts for a sequence. The technique we use for full similarity search is the frequent k-n-match query and we will evaluate its effectiveness statistically in Section 5.1.2. But note that we are not using this to argue the effectiveness of the k-n-match approach for full similarity.  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and the query  Number of occurrences of the query in the target profile's description*  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and DuckDuckGo description* Besides the relationship between the description and query  , we further searched for the organization's description from DuckDuckGo 5   , a search engine that provides the results from sources such as Wikipedia. As already pointed out  , our model for document similarity is based on a combination of geographic and temporal information to identify events. Some work combining geographic and temporal information extracted from documents for search and exploration tasks has been studied in 15  , 20 but without focusing on document similarity. We evaluated the results of our individual similarity measures and found some special characteristics of the measures when applied to our specific data. A click on a particular Stage I  , II  , or III lymphoma case evokes the ad hoc similarity search which results in the interactive mapping suggestion displayed in figure 6. The search is usually based on a similarity comparison rather than on exact match  , and the retrieved results are ranked according to a similarity index  , e.g. , a metric. Spatial indexing is performed using R-Trees 7  , while high-dimensional indexing relies on a proprietary scheme. We note that in the alignment component the search space is not restricted to the mapped concepts only -similarity values are calculated for all pairs of concepts. A pair of concepts is a mapping suggestion if the similarity value is equal to or higher than a given threshold value. The retrieved sets of images are then ranked in descending order according to their similarity with the image query. When the search is carried out  , similarity matching of retrieved images is calculated using the extracted terms from the query image and the index list in the database. Because of this  , in recent years  , hash-based methods have been carefully studied and have demonstrated their advantageous for near similarity search in large document collec- tions 27. However  , directly use these similarity metrics to detect content reuse in large collections would be very expensive. A related problem is that of document-to-document similarity queries  , in which the target is an entire document  , as opposed to a small number of words for a specific user query. Similarity search has proven to be an interesting problem in the text domain because of the unusually large dimensionality of the problem as compared to the size of the documents . Details on how the similarity function is actually calculated for the relevant documents may be found in  111. It i s shown that the resulting index yields an I10 performance which is similar to the 1 1 0 optimized R-tree similarity join and a CPU performance which is close to the CPU optimized R-tree similarity join. a complex indes stmcture with large pages optimized for IiO which accommodate a secondq search structure optimized for maximum CPU efficiency. However  , the challenge is that it is quite hard to obtain a large number of documents containing a string τ unless a large portion of the web is crawled and indexed as done by search engines. We propose new document-based similarity measures to quantify the similarity in the context of multiple documents containing τ . Specifically  , the similarity score is computed as: For each temponym t of interest  , we run a multi-field boolean search over the different features of the temponym  , retrieving a set St of similar temponyms: St = {t : simLucenet  , t  ≥ τ } where simLucene is the similarity score of the boolean vector space model provided by Lucene and τ is a specified threshold. In short  , while these approaches focus on the mining of various entities for different social media search applications  , the interaction among entities is not exploited. 19  , in which the overall ranking score is not only based on term similarity matching between the query and the documents but also topic similarity matching between the user's interests and the documents' topics. Based on the RecipeView prototype system  , we have tested the precision /recall based on our method compared to another graph matching approach MCS. Our newly proposed similarity measurement features graph structure well  , and can be combined with frequent subgraph mining to handle graph-based similarity search. Many real-world applications require solving a similarity search problem where one is interested in all pairs of objects whose similarity is above a specified threshold. Depending on the application  , these domains could involve dimensionality equal to if not larger than the number of input vectors. For one Web site  , when a page is presented in the browser window  , the passage positioned in the middle area of the window is regarded as a query  , and similarity-based retrieval is done for the other Web site. However  , no previous research has addressed the issue of extracting and searching for chemical formulae in text documents. The second set of issues involve data mining  , such as mining frequent substructures 6  , 11  , and similarity structure search 25  , 7  , 19  , 27   , which use some specific methods to measure the similarity of two patterns. for the query COOH  , COOH gets an exact match high score  , HOOC reverse match medium score  , and CHO2 parsed match low score. Therefore  , integrating similarity queries in a fully relational approach  , as proposed in this paper  , is a fundamental step to allow the supporting of complex objects as " first class citizens " in modern database management systems. Supporting to similarity queries from inside SQL in a native form is important to allow optimizing the full set of search operations involved in each query posed. the minimum number of operations needed to transform a document to the query and vice-versa. Given the overall goal of achieving a high recall  , we then analyzed the documents with high similarity for additional noun phrases that must be used to for the next iteration of the search. The number of documents that are part of the non-retrieved set that is greater than a threshold cutoff in similarity represents missed documents that would reduce the recall rate. Once the vectors containing the top results for the two compared texts are retrieved  , cosine similarity between the two vectors is computed to measure their similarity. This is done by retrieving the most relevant Wikipedia documents using a search engine  , given the whole text as a query. According to 19  , there is a benefit to laying out photos based on visual similarity  , although that study dealt with visual similarity instead of similar contents. A review of home-based photo albums provides further support for the utility of viewing search results that are grouped by content features and by contexts 16. Additionally  , we plan to experiment with re-ranking the results returned by the Lucene search engine using cosine similarity in order to maintain consistency with the relevance similarity method used in scenario A. For our future work  , we plan to deeply investigate the reasons behind the relatively poor performance of scenario B by running more experiments. One possible implementation relies on a search engine   , dedicated for the evaluation  , that evaluates queries derived from the onTopic and offTopic term vectors. The similarity scheme is more complex  , requiring some IR machinery in order to measure the cosine similarity between the examined results and the term vectors induced from the Trels. Thirdly the returned image results are reranked based on the textual similarity between the web page containing the result image and the target web page to be summarized as well as the visual similarity among the result images. Then the key phrases are used as queries to query the image search engine for the images relevant to the topics of the web page. The reason to choose this monolingual similarity is that it is defined in a similar context as ours − according to a user log that reflects users' intention and behavior. In this paper  , we select the monolingual query similarity measure presented in 26 which reports good performance by using search users' click-through information in query logs. The SCQ pre-retrieval over queries predictor scores queries with respect to a corpus also using a tf.idf-based similarity measure 53 . For example  , the CORI resource selection approach for federated search 10  ranks corpora with respect to the query using a tf.idf-based similarity measure. The approach places documents higher in the fused ranking if they are similar to each other. Two fusion methods were tested: local headline search  , and cross rank similarity comparison approximating document overlap by measuring the similarity of documents across the source rankings to be merged. Udenalfil with its Nalkylated secondary amine side chain represents a top candidate for this kind of query see Figure 5. To apply this metric  , we converted the user interest model into a vector representation with all weighted interest elements in the model. Falcons' Ontology Search 10  also identifies which vocabulary terms might express similar semantics  , but it is rather designed to specify that different vocabularies contain terms describing similar data. The services determine a ranked list of domain-specific ontologies considerable for reuse based on string similarity and semantic similarity measures  , such as synonyms in 4 also on manual user evaluations of suggested ontologies. For each element in R search  we calculate the cosine similarity with the tweet page and sort the results accordingly from most similar to the least. For each resource  , we measure the similarity between the R missing  and the extracted tweet page. The typical approach is to build some form of tree-like indexing structures in advance to speedup the similarity range query in the application. There has been an intensive effort 7 over the last two decades to speedup similarity search in metric spaces. Note that the second and third features are very similar to two of the similarity measures used in the enhanced pooling approach Section 3.1.2. We use top Web results as background knowledge  , and construct a set of features that encode semantic meaning rather than mere textual similarity measured by the lexical features:  maxMatchScoreq ,t: The maximum similarity score as described in Section 3.1 between q and any advertisement in the corpus with the bid phrase t.  abstractCosineq ,t: The cosine similarity of Q and T   , where Q is the concatenation of the abstracts of the top 40 search results for q  , and T is that of the abstracts of the top 40 search results for t.  taxonomySimilarityq ,t: The similarity of q to t with respect to the abovementioned classification taxonomy. Since ORN is a graph model that carries informative semantics about an image  , the graph distance between ORNs can serve as an effective measurement of the semantic similarity between images. All those applications indicate the importance and wide usage of a graph model and its accompanied similarity measure sheds some light on similar search issues with respect to implicit structure similarity upon Chinese Web. The DDIS group in Zurich 7 initiates the structure similar measure in ontology and workflows from the Web using their SimPack package. The experimental results show that our approach achieves high search efficiency and quality  , and outperforms existing methods significantly. We demonstrated a novel ranking mechanism  , RACE  , to Rank the compAct Connected trEes  , by taking into account both structural similarity from the DB viewpoint and textual similarity from the IR point of view. This similarity notion is based on functional dependencies between observation variables in the data and thereby captures a most important and generic data aspect. The contribution of this paper is to support content-based retrieval and explorative search in research data  , by proposing a novel data similarity notion that is particularly suited in a user-centered Digital Library context. Given a descriptor and a distance measure  , users are allowed to search for data objects not only by similarity of the annotation  , but also by similarity of content. For computing the distance between two feature vectors  , a vast amount of distance functions is available 9 . Such queries often consist of query-by-example or query-by-sketch 14. Finding inverted and simple retrograde sequences requires a change in how the self similarity matrix is produced – instead of matching intervals exactly  , we now match intervals with sign inversions. Finding them requires no change in the method of producing the self-similarity matrix  , but only a change in the direction of search – rising left to right rather than falling. However  , our input data is neither as short as mentioned studies  , nor long as usual text similarity studies. However  , some studies suggest that different methods for measuring the similarity between short segments of text i.e search queries and tags 9  , 12. The total cost number of sequence comparisons of our methods are up to 20 and 30 times less than that of Omni and frequency vectors  , respectively. In this paper  , we formulate and evaluate this extended similarity metric. We view the similarity metric as a tool for performing search across this structured dataset  , in which related entities that are not directly similar to a query can be reached via a multi-step graph walk. The key idea is to design hash functions and learn similarity preserving binary codes for data representation with low storage cost and fast query speed. In multimedia applications  , hashing techniques have been widely used for large-scale similarity search  , such as locality sensitive hashing 4  , iterative quantization 5 and spectral hashing 8. By better modeling users' search targets based on personalized music dimensions  , we can create more comprehensive similarity measures and improve the music retrieval accuracy. Moreover  , personalization of music similarity can be easily enabled in related applications  , where end users with certain information needs in a particular context are able to specify their desirable dimensions to retrieve similar music items. Our main contribution is the search engine that can organize large volumes of these complex descriptors so that the similarity queries can be evaluated efficiently. These descriptors compared by a distance function seem to very well correspond to the human perception of general visual similarity. Consider for this purpose the R m being partitioned into overlapping regions such that the similarity of any two points of the same region is above θ  , where each region is characterized by a unique key κ ∈ N. Moreover  , consider a multivalued hash func- tion , This allows flexible matching of expressions but in a controlled way as distinct from the similarity ranking where the user has less control on approximate matching of expressions. An alternative to similarity ranking is to specify a template as the query and return expressions that match it as the search result 13 . The correlation component Figure 2  calculates the Spearman's rank correlation for the three similarity datasets  , twelve different languages and three similarity measures Cosine  , Euclidean distance  , Correlation 8 . Semantic relatedness can be used for semantic matching in the context of the development of semantic systems such as question answering  , text entailment  , event matching and semantic search4 and also for entity/word sense disambiguation tasks. The comparison between raw-data objects is done in a pixel-by-pixel fashion. We compute descriptors by application of a work-in-progress modular descriptor calculation pipeline described next cf. Technically  , a wealth of further functionality to explore exists  , including design of additional curve shape descriptors  , partial similarity  , and time-and scale invariant search modalities. Our implemented descriptor supports the similarity notion of global curve shape and is only a starting point. By studying the candidates generated by the QA search module  , we find that Yahoo sorted the questions in terms of the semantic similarity between the query and the candidate question title. After that  , the original rank sorted by Yahoo is integrated with the similarity as candidate. However in MIND  , we do not rely on such information being present. These hashing methods try to encode each data example by using a small fixed number of binary bits while at the same time preserve the similarity between data examples as much as possible. Hashing methods 6  , 18  , 44  , 36  , 38 are proposed to address the similarity search problem within large scale data. Main focus has been fast indexing techniques to improve performance when a particular similarity model is given. Similarity-based search in large collections of time sequences has attracted a lot of research recently in database community  , including 1  , 9  , 11  , 2  , 19  , 24  , to name just a few. The default  , built-in similarity function checks for case-insensitive string equality with a threshold equal to 1. Although these extra cases are acceptable for some thesauri  , we generalize the above recommendation and search for all concept pairs with their respective skos:prefLabel  , skos:altLabel or skos:hiddenLabel property values meeting a certain similarity threshold defined by a function sim : LV × LV → 0  , 1. Phone 1 can make a call from a phone book  , while Phone 2 cannot. In other words  , the keyword/content based similarity calculation is very inaccurate due to the short length of queries. Though content based similarity calculation is an 1 the search volume numbers in the paper are for relative comparison only effective approach for text data  , it is not suitable for use in queries. Web graphs represent the graph structure of the web and constitute a significant offline component of a search engine. To make this possible  , we propose different web graph similarity metrics and we check experimentally which of them yield similarity values that differentiate a web graph from its version with injected anomalies. In the experiment  , we used three datasets  , including both the publicly benchmark dataset and that obtained from a commercial search engine. For each query q  , we set the similarity score with respect to general domain class as 1  , and after normalizing similarity scores with respect to all five classes  , we can obtain a soft query classification. Wang  In general  , every similarity query is a range query given an arbitrarily specified range we shall introduce one more element of complexity later. A similarity-based query is forwarded  , where the user presents an exemplar image instance  , but only incompletely specifies the feature attributes that are important for conducting the search. While there might be many high-similarity flexible matches for both the company name e.g. , " Microsoft "  and the partial address  " New York  , NY "   , individually  , the combined query has much fewer high-similarity matches. As can be expected  , this helps to focus the search considerably. In particular  , we measure the similarity between two categories Cai and Car as the length of their longest common prefix P Cai  , Car divided by the length of the longest path between Cai and Car. Hence  , to measure how similar two queries are  , we can use a notion of similarity between the corresponding categories provided by the search results of Google Directory. For example  , one scientist may feel that matching on primary structure is beneficial  , while another may be interested in finding secondary structure similarities in order to predict biomolecular interactions 16. The reason for this is that no real definition of protein similarity exists; each scientist has a different idea of similarity depending on the protein structure and search outcome goal. Nevertheless  , knowledge of the semantics is important to determining similarity between operation. Similarity search for web services is challenging because neither the textual descriptions of web services and their operations nor the names of the input and output parameters completely convey the underlying semantics of the operation. Informally  , we consider two sequences to be similar if they have enough non-overlapping time-ordered pairs of Figure 1captures the intuition underlying our similarity model. Our contribution We propose a new model of similarity of time sequences that addresses the above concerns and present fast search techniques for discovering similar sequences. From Figure 2we can see that using EMD similarity strategy  , there is a higher probability that the top results are always the most relevant ones. Future work will focus on efficient access to disk-based index structures  , as well as generalizing the bounding approach toward other metrics such as Cosine. For both regular and query-biased similarity  , we construct a unigram model of the find-similar document that is then used as a query to find similar documents see equation 1. A similarity score between each place vector from Google Places and each preference vector based on the cosine measure was then computed. The term selection relies on the overall similarity between the query concept and terms of the collection rather than on the similarity between a query term and the terms of the collection. This model is primarily concerned with the two important problems of query expansion   , namely with the selection and with the weighting of additional search terms. They argue that phonetic similarity PHONDEX works as well as typing errors Damerau-Levenstein metric and plain string similarity n-grams  , and the combinations of these different techniques perform much better than the use of a single technique. Pfeifer et al 1996performed experiments for measuring retrieval effectiveness of various proper name search methods. In the beginning  , many researchers focused on new dimension reduction technologies and new similarity measuring method for time series. A similarity range query retrieves all objects in a large database that are similar to a query object  , typically using a distance function to measure the dissimilarity. For example  , AltaVista provide a content-based site search engine 1; Berkeley's Cha-Cha search engine organizes the search results into some categories to reflect the underlying intranet structure 9; and the navigation system by M. Levence et al. Most of them use the " full text search " technologies which retrieve a large amount of documents containing the same keywords to the query and rank them by keyword-similarity. Therefore  , if we have a very large collection of documents  , we would either be reduced to using a sequential scan in order to perform conceptual similarity search  , or have to do with lower quality search results using the original representation and ignore the problems of synonymy and polysemy. Thus  , we are presented with a difficult choice: if the data is represented in original format using the inverted index  , it is less effective for performing documentto-document similarity search; on the other hand  , when the data is transformed using latent semantic indexing  , we have a data set which cannot be indexed effectively. By contrast  , apart from incorporating the search term occurrences in the document for ranking  , our score of every location in the document is determined by the terms located nearby the search term and by the relative location of these terms to the search term. There are research works e.g. , 3 similar to ours in which the score of every location in the document of the search term contributes differently to the document similarity. The proposed method provides:  Simultaneous search for Web and TV contents that match with the given keywords  ,  Search for recorded TV programs that relate to the Web content being browsed  Search for Web content or other TV programs that relate to the TV programs being watched. The hash-based search paradigm has been applied with great success for the following tasks: Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. This paper contributes to an aspect of similarity search that receives increasing attention in information retrieval: The use of hashing to significantly speed up similarity search. The first set of experiments establish a basic correlation between talking on messenger and similarity of various attributes. We performed a number of experiments on the joined messenger and search data described in the previous section. Search results consist of images with ORNs that are close to the query image's ORN  , ranked by ORN distances. We show that the distance between ORN graphs is an effective measurement of image semantic similarity. In particular  , we demonstrate that for a large collection of queries  , reliable similarity scores among images can be derived from a comparison of their local descriptors. We introduce a system to re-rank current Google image search results. This is achieved by identifying the vertices that are located at the " center " of weighted similarity graph. " For queries that have homogeneous visual concepts all images look somewhat alike the proposed approach improves the relevance of the search results. Web content can be regarded as an information source with hyperlinks and TV programs as another without them. To support similarity search  , partial formulae of each formula are useful as possible substructures for indexing. Thus  , the discriminative score for each candidate s with respect to F is defined as: αs = | ∩ s ∈F ∧s s D s |/|Ds|. 9 recently studied similarity caching in this context. The second application is in content-based image search  , where it may suffice to show a cached image that is similar to a query image; independent of our work  , Falchi et al. The CM-PMI measure consists of three steps: search results retrieval  , contextual label extraction and contextual label matching. The normalized optimal matching weight is used as the semantic similarity between the queries. Notice the difference between the scale of the top diagram and the scales of the other two diagrams. This paper presents the multi-probe LSH indexing method for high-dimensional similarity search  , which uses carefully derived probing sequences to probe multiple hash buckets in a systematic way. We plan to study these issues in the near future. For each duplicate DR  , a similarity search was performed and the position of the duplicate DR in the top list was observed . We selected the DRs in the DMS that were marked as duplicates and each corresponding master report. FRAS employs effective methods to compensate the information loss caused by frame symbolization to ensure high accuracy in NDVC search. For each video clip  , FRAS representation can capture not only its inter-frame similarity information but also sequence context information. This paper presents the extended cr* operator to retrieve implicit values from time sequences under various user-defined interpolation assumptions. Next  , we propose models for representating researcher profiles and computing similarity with these representations Section 2. Contributions and Organization: We have just formally defined " researcher recommendation "   , an instance of " similar entity search " for the academic domain. The Contextual Suggestion TREC Track investigates search techniques for complex information needs that are highly dependent on context and user interests. Finally  , we rank the suggestions based on their similarity with user's profiles. The full version with all similarity criteria was preferred and the visual-only mode was seen as ineffective. The stated comfort with search modes and the perceived effective strategies matched the performance discussed above. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. Additional parameters are tuned by running a hill-climbing search on the training data. We defined four types of concepts: proper nouns  , dictionary phrases  , simple phrases and complex phrases. We identify the concepts in a query to feed them to our document search engine  , as it needs to calculate the concept similarity. where α is the similarity threshold in a fuzzy query. The query is issued to the corresponding index and a series of possibly relevant records are returned by the search engine. The use of Bing's special search operators was not evaluated at all. If they are not available  , the importance of textual similarity measures increases  , with Jaccard index being clearly preferred over Levenshtein distance. Since local similarity search is a crucial operation in querying biological sequences  , one needs to pay close to the match model. The Match operator finds approximate matches to a query string. 1 used Euclidean distance as the similarity measure  , Discrete Fourier Transform DFT as the dimensionality reduction tool  , and R-tree 10  as the underlying search index. The pioneering work by Agrawal et al. Top-k queries also as known as ranking queries have been heavily employed in many applications  , such as searching web databases  , similarity search  , recommendation systems   , etc. We also address the efficient query answering issue. In particular  , for each input attribute  , we first search for its " representative  , " which is an indexed attribute in the thesaurus with the highest similarity score above a predefined threshold. If their types match  , we further check whether they are synonyms.  We demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our techniques with a comprehensive empirical evaluation on real datasets. This technique allows us to index the time series in order to achieve fast similarity search under uniform scaling. In the conventional case  , the user provides a reference image  , and the infrastructure identifies the images that are most similar. Similarity search has been touted as an effective approach to find relevant images in a multimedia document collection . In this paper we will use the GIST descriptor to represent a calligraphic character image. Previous work up to now has maintained a text matching approach to this task. Database systems are being applied to scenarios where features such as text search and similarity scoring on multiple attributes become crucial. Requirements of database management DB and information retrieval IR systems overlap more and more. The semantic gap between two views of Wiki is quite large. We can observe that LSSH can significantly outperform baseline methods on both cross-modal similarity search tasks which verifies the effectiveness of LSSH. If γ is too small  , the connection between different modals is weak with imprecise projection in formula 10  , which will lead to poor performance for cross-modal similarity search. The parameter γ controls the connection of latent semantic spaces.  Visualization of rank change of each web page with different queries in the same search session. Recognition of session boundary using temporal closeness and probabilistic similarity between queries. One approach 3 utilizes the following inequality that calculates the 1-norm and ∞-norm of each vector: Simdi  , dj ≤ min||di||∞||dj||1  , ||dj||∞||di||1 < τ. Task T k loads the assigned partition P k and produces an inverted index to be used during the partition-wise comparison. Figure 2 describes the function of each task T k in partitionbased similarity search. The similarity measure used in the example is Figure 21.2 shows a simple search tree  , a request  , the primary bucket and a set of priorities for the arcs not yet explored. Immediately  , however  , the problem arises of determining the similarity values of the query cluster representatives created in this way with each new Boolean search request formulation. The disjunctions of certain reduced atomic index terms would then be query cluster representatives. First  , by encoding real-valued data vectors into compact binary codes  , hashing makes efficient in-memory storage of massive data feasible. 1 We also extend this approach to the history-rewrite vector space to encourage rewrite set cohesiveness by favoring rewrites with high similarity to each other. Search history can go back as far as one month. 22 describe a method to compute pairwise similarity scores between queries based on the hypothesis that queries that co-occur in a search session are related. Li et al. Unlike previous work  , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. Deep learning structures are well formulated to describe instinct semantic representations. Deep learning with bottom-up transfer DL+BT: A deep learning approach with five-layer CAES and one fully connected layer. 7. Deep learning with no transfer DL 14: A deep learning approach with five convolutional layers and three fully connected layers. However  , using deep learning for temporal recommendation has not yet been extensively studied. Using deep learning approaches for recommendation systems has recently received many attentions 20  , 21  , 22. When further integrating transfer learning to deep learning  , DL+TT  , DL+BT and DL+FT achieve better performance than the DL approach. This shows stronger learning and generalization abilities of deep learning than the hand-crafted features. In this paper  , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. Our approach provides a novel point of view to Wikipedia quality classification. Deep learning is an emerging research field today and  , to our knowledge  , our work is the first one that applied deep learning for assessing quality of Wikipedia articles. Besides  , the idea of deep learning has motivated researchers to use powerful generative models with deep architectures to learn better discriminative models 21. 1a and 1b. 42 proposed deep learning approach modeling source code. White et al. By adopting cross-domain learning ideas  , DTL 28 and GFK 10 were superior to the Tag ranking  , but were inferior to the deep learning-based approach DL. Our learning to rank method is based on a deep learning model for advanced text representations using distributional word embeddings . Wang & Manning  , 2010 35 develop a probabilistic Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. 23 took advantage of learning deep belief nets to classify facial action units in realistic face images. Susskind et al. The relation between deep learning and emotion is given in Sect. Section 3 describes human and robot emotion. Recent developments in representation learning deep learning 5 have enabled the scalable learning of such models. Thus  , vector representations of words appearing in similar contexts will be close to each other. We use a variation of these models 28  to learn word vector representation word embeddings that we track across time. We consider MV-DNN as a general Deep learning approach in the multi-view learning setup. In literature  , multi-view learning is a well-studied area which learns from data that do not share common feature space 27. Many researchers recognize that even exams tend to evaluate surface learning   , and that deep learning is not something that would surface until long after a course has finished 5 . However  , measuring learning is very difficult to do reliably in practice. We propose the DL2R system based on three novel insights: 1 the integration of multidimension of ranking evidences  , 2 context-based query reformulations with ranked lists fusion  , and 3 deep learning framework for the conversational task. Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. We conducted personal photo tagging on 7 ,000 real personal photos and personal photo search on the MIT-Adobe FiveK photo dataset. Additionally  , we report the results from a recent deep learning system in 38 that has established the new state-of-the-art results in the same setting. We report the results of our deep learning model on the TRAIN and TRAIN-ALL sets also when additional word overlap features are used. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. Together with the self-learning knowledge base  , NRE makes a deep injection possible. Allamanis and Sutton 3 trains n-gram language model a giga-token source code corpus. When dealing with small amounts of labelled data  , starting from pre-trained word embeddings is a large step towards successfully training an accurate deep learning system. First  , was the existing state of the art  , Flat-COTE  , significantly better than current deep learning approaches for TSC ? We set out to address two questions. Second  , we propose reducing the visual appearance gap by applying deep learning techniques. Furthermore  , the correlations between different concepts have not been fully exploited in previous research. On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. This challenge can deteriorate the performance of the hand-crafted feature-based approaches. Some of them are deep cost of learning and large size of action-state space. However there are some significant problems in applying it to real robot tasks. Then  , we learn the combinations of different modalities by multi kernel learning. Next we give details of how deep learning techniques such as convolution and stacking can be used to obtain hierarchical representations of the different modalities. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos  , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. Section 2 describes related work. for which the discontinuities only remain for the case of deep penetrations. Comparison of Machine Learning methods for training sets of decreasing size. However  , despite its impressive performance Flat-COTE has certain deficiencies. We demonstrate that Flat-COTE is significantly better than both deep learning approaches. We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. We explain the work about question answering from database or knowledge base using deep learning in which only question answer pairs and the database or knowledge base are used in construction of the system 4  , 28  , 38  , 41  , 1  , 43  , 42 We introduce the recent progress in image retrieval using deep learning in which only images and their associated texts questions are used as training data 15  , 14  , 17  , 36  , 24  , 23. If an injection succeeds  , it serves as an example of the IKM learning from experience and eventually producing a valid set of values. 27 empirically showed that having more queries but shallow documents performed better than having less queries but deep documents. Query Selection for Learning to Rank: For query level active learning  , Yilmaz et al. From the experimental results   , we can see that SAE model outperforms other machine learning methods. Next  , we describe our deep learning model and describe our experiments. In the following  , we give a problem formulation and provide a brief overview of learning to rank approaches. Word2Vec 6 provides vector representation of words by using deep learning. Therefore  , we used only the MeSH-CD indexing strategy and the Metamap strategy for building the queries. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. Moreover  , our created lexicon outperforms the competitive counterpart on emotion classification task. scoring  , and ranked list fusion. Therefore   , all these heterogeneous ranking evidences are integrated together through the proposed Deep Learning-to-Respond schema. However  , there are some significant problems in applying it to them. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications  , e.g. , learning to rank for Microblog retrieval and answer reranking for Question Answering. Thus  , our solution successfully combines together two traditionally important aspects of IR: unsupervised learning of text representations word embeddings from neural language model and learning on weakly supervised data. Our work is taking advantage of deep models to extract robust facial features and translate them to recognize facial emotions. Viola and Jones 20  , 21 In recent years  , deep learning arouses academia and industrial attentions due to its magic in computer vision. In our work we propose a novel deep learning approach extended from the Deep Structured Semantic Models DSSM 9 to map users and items to a shared semantic space and recommend items that have maximum similarity with users in the mapped space. With these abundantly available user online activities   , recommending relevant items can be achieved more efficiently and effectively. In this paper we address the aforementioned challenges through a novel Deep Tensor for Probabilistic Recommendation DTPR method. It would be interesting to adopt deep learning in one or more of the tensor modes and assess its effectiveness on tensor completion. The instance learning method presented in the paper has been experimentally evaluated on a dataset of 100 Deep Web Pages randomly selected from most known Deep Web Sites. It is noteworthy that versions of MDR and ViNTs available on the Web allow for performing only data record extraction. Table 1reports the precision  , recall and F-measure calculated for the proposed method. In addition  , a comparison between a state-of-the-art BoVW approach and our deep multi-label CNN was performed on the publicly available  , fully annotated NUSWIDE scene dataset 7 . The models were trained and fine-tuned using the deep learning framework Caffe 12. learn to extract a meaningful representation for each review text for different products using a deep learning approach in an unsupervised fashion 9. More similar to our work  , Bengio et al. Deep learning with full transfer DL+FT i.e. , bottom-up and top-down transfer: The same architecture and training set as DL+BT except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. 8.  We introduce a deep learning model for prediction. We introduce a set of novel features to characterize user behaviors and task repetition patterns for this new problem Section 4.3. For each of the features  , we describe our motivation and the method used for extraction below. In this work  , we consider five such features namely gist  , texture  , color  , gradient and deep learning features. The mentorship dataset is collected from 16 famous universities such as Carnegie Mellon and Stanford in the field of computer science. The proposed deep learning model was applied to the data collected from the Academic Genealogy Wiki project. In this paper  , we propose a " deep learning-to-respond " framework for open-domain conversation systems. Therefore  , capturing and integrating as much information as possible in a proper way is important for conversation systems. Given a query with context  , the proposed model would return a response—which has the highest overall merged ranking score F. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema.  Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. The ARC approach is a CNN based method with convolutionary layers which construct sentence representations and produce the final matching scores via a MLP layer 7. The short-term history of the user was then used to recommend specific news articles within the selected groups. It yielded semantically accurate results and well-localized segmentation maps. We presented a deep learning methodology for human part segmentation that uses refinements based on a stack of upconvolutional layers. In this experiment  , the magazine page detection time is measured for four scenarios with all 4 types of features. In addition  , deep learning technologies can be implemented in further research. Deep learning has recently been proposed for building recommendation systems for both collaborative and content based approaches. Recently  , ranking based objective function has shown to be more effective in giving better recommendation as shown in 11. In Sections 4 and 5  , we introduce the detailed mechanisms of contextual query reformulation and the deep learning-to-respond architecture. In Section 3  , we describe the task modeling and proposed framework for conversation systems. We also consider recently published results on 44 datasets from a TSC-specific CNN implemen- tation 18. However  , the current state of the art is confirmed to be Flat-COTE and our next objective is to evaluate whether HIVE-COTE is a significant improvement. It demonstrates promise  , and warrants further investigation of deep learning applications to TSC. First  , we have designed an ontology specific for personal photos from 10 ,000 active users in Flickr. To address the above issues  , we present a novel transfer deep learning approach with ontology priors to tag personal photos. Deep learning with top-down transfer DL+TT: The same architecture and training set as DL except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. Our model also outperforms a deep learning based model while avoiding the problem of having to retrain embeddings on every iteration. Character ngrams alone fare very well in these noisy data sets. This ranking based objective has shown to be better for recommendation systems 9. Our deep learning model has a ranking based objective which aims at ranking positive examples items that users like higher than negative examples. We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques  , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . It is given by To assess the effectiveness and generality of our deep learning model for text matching  , we apply it on tweet reranking task. Our setup replicates the experiments in 27 to allow for comparing to their model. The framework can integrate other information such as reviewer's information  , product information  , etc. This work is a first step towards learning deep semantics of review content using skip-thought vectors in review rating prediction. The learned representations can be used in realizing the tasks  , with often enhanced performance . We first point out when we apply deep learning to the problems  , we in fact learn representations of natural language in the problems. In the second phase  , we trained the DNN model on the training set by using tensorflow 8   , the deep learning library from Google. Therefore  , we have a dataset of 30 ,000 same length vectors. We randomly select 80% nodes as the training set and the rest as the testing set. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 40 . Research in 978-1-4799-5569-5/14/$31.00 c 2014 IEEE. For each type of metrics  , there are also some speed-up techniques that can be used to enhance the system such as integral image. As mentioned earlier weather data has many specific characteristics which depend on time and spatial location. Thus higher resolution data with large number of training instances should be used in deep learning. Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding. Our research builds on summarization systems by identifying core concepts that are central ideas in a scientific domain. On the second task  , our model demonstrates that previous state-of-the-art retrieval systems can benefit from using our deep learning model. Our model shows a considerable improvement on the first task beating recent stateof-the-art system. This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. Code is available at https://github.com/li-xirong/hierse Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 11. We use the output of FC7  , the second fully-connected layer  , which results in a feature vector of length F = 4096. We implement a CNN using a common framework and conduct experiments on 85 datasets. Our work seeks to address two questions: first  , is Flat-COTE more accurate than deep learning approaches for TSC ? Here we adopted an approach similar to 46  , but with a topic model that enhances submission correctness and provides a self-learning knowledge expansion model. These crawlers are referred to as " deep crawlers " 10 or " hidden crawlers " 29 34 46. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema. For continuous conversations  , contexts can be used to optimize the response selection for the given query. Gradients can be back-propagated all the way back from merging  , ranking  , sentence pairing  , to individual sentence modeling. Given a human-issued message as the query  , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. In this paper  , we propose to establish an automatic conversation system between humans and computers. We believe that having an explicit symbolic representation is an advantage to vector-based models like deep learning because of direct interpretability . Therefore   , we are going to use the JoBimText framework 5  to create symbolic conceptualizations . Another future line of research will be performing human part segmentation in videos while exploiting the temporal context. A widely used method for traffic speed prediction is the autoregressive integrated moving average ARIMA model 1. Moreover  , our study sheds light on how to learn road segment importance from deep learning models. In this paper  , we proposed a novel deep learning method called eRCNN for traffic speed prediction of high accuracy. In particular  , we illustrate how to explore the congestion sources from eRCNN. All of our code and data is available from a public code repository and accompanying website 2 . Consequently we decided to instead identify evidence of 'critical thinking' by capturing the transcripts of the students' communication events and by interviewing them on their perceptions of the benefits of the technologies. We explain methods that can be used for learning the representations in matching 22  , 10  , 37  , translation 33  , 6  , 2  , 8  , classification 13  , 16  , 44  , and structured prediction 7  , 34  , 5. While our model allows for learning the word embeddings directly for a given task  , we keep the word matrix parameter W W W static. We choose the dimensionality of our word embeddings to be 50 to be on the line with the deep learning model of 38. We propose several effective and scalable dimensionality reduction techniques that reduce the dimension to a reasonable size without the loss of much information. One challenge in using deep learning to model rich user features is the high dimension of the feature space which makes the learning inefficient and may impact the generalization ability of the model. This section explains our deep learning model for reranking short text pairs. In the following  , we first describe our sentence model for mapping queries and documents to their intermediate representations and then describe how they can be used for learning semantic matching between input query-document pairs. In this paper  , we present a novel framework for learning term weights using distributed representations of words from the deep learning literature. Word vectors may also be useful for identifying terms that should be the focus of query expansion or terms that would be good expansion terms. Instead of relying solely on the anomalous features and extracting them greedily  , we have used deep learning approach of learning and subsequently reducing the feature set. This calls for feature reduction or feature extraction from the original set of features  , before going into classification. Recent  , deep learning has shown its success in feature learning for many computer vision problem  , You et al. 2014 assume that the images belong to the same sentiment share the same low-level visual features is often not true  , because positive and negative images may have similar low-level visual features  , e.g. , two black-white images contain smiling and sad faces respectively. The research goal of the project is to test the hypothesis that this deep customization can lead to dramatic improvements in teaching and learning. Customization support is done at the level of individual learning concepts and progressions  , not just at the level of broad course topics. We motivate the framework by adopting the word vectors to represent terms and further to represent the query due to the ability to represent things semantically of word vectors. The characteristics of requiring very little engineering by hand makes it easily discover interesting patterns from large-scale social media data. The key aspect of deep learning is that it automatically learns features from raw data using a generalpurpose learning procedure  , instead of designing features by human engineers6 .  Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. Unsupervised hashing: Cross-View Hashing CVH 6 13 and Inter-Media Hashing IMH 4 20  are unsupervised hashing methods that extend spectral hashing to exploit the local structure of multimodal data for learning binary codes. The method is based on: i a novel positional document object model that represents both spatial and visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of Web browser in rendered Deep Web pages; ii a novel visual similarity measure that exploit the rectangular cardinal relation spatial model for computing visual similarity between nodes of the PDOM. In this paper has been presented a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages.  Supervised hashing: Cross-Modal Similarity-Sensitive Hashing CMSSH 6 5  , Semantic Correlation Maximization SCM 28   , and Quantized Correlation Hashing QCH are supervised hashing methods which embed multimodal data into a common Hamming space using supervised metric learning. Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. The model consists of several components: a Deep Semantic Structured Model DSSM 11 to model user static interests; two LSTM-based temporal models to capture daily and weekly user temporal patterns; and an LSTM temporal model to capture global user interests. Specifically  , in this work  , we propose a multi-rate temporal deep learning model that jointly optimizes long-term and short-term user interests to improve the recommendation quality. DL + FT achieved the best Tag ranking DTL GFK DLFlickr DL DL+TT DL+BT DL+FT DL+withinDomain Figure 7: The top-N error rates of different approaches for tagging personal photos and an ideal performance obtained by training and testing on ImageNet denoted as DL+withinDomain. Specifically   , in our data sets with News  , Apps and Movie/TV logs  , instead of building separate models for each of the domain that naively maps the user features to item features within the domain  , we build a novel multi-view model that discovers a single mapping for user features in the latent space such that it is jointly optimized with features of items from all domains. We found that though our method gives results that are quite similar to the baseline case when prediction is done in 6 h before the event  , it gives significantly better performance when prediction is done 24 h and 48 h before the events. In this work we have explored a machine learning technique namely deep learning with SAE to learn and represent weather features and use them to predict extreme rainfall events. While the problemtailored heuristics and the search-oriented heuristics require deep knowledge on the problem characteristics to design problem-solving procedures or to specify the search space  , the learning-based heuristics try t o automatically capture the search control knowledge or the common features of good solutions t o solve the given problem. According t o the design methodology  , the heuristics for the MSP can be classified into problemtailored heuristics  13  , search-oriented heuristics 7   , arid learning-based heuristics a . This paper focuses on the development of a learning-based heuristic for the MSP. Deep learning approaches generalize the distributional word matching problem to matching sentences and take it one step further by learning the optimal sentence representations for a given task. Recently  , it has been shown that the problem of semantic text matching can be efficiently tackled using distributional word matching   , where a large number of lexical semantic resources are used for matching questions with a candidate answer 33. On the other  , although ImageNet 6 can provide accurate supervised information  , the two significant gaps  , i.e. , the semantic distribution and visual appearance gaps between the two domains pose grand challenges to personal photo tagging. The main contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this paper is one of the first attempts to design a domain-specific ontology for personal photos and solve the tagging problem by transfer deep learning. This has certain advantages like a very fast training procedure that can be applied to massive amounts of data  , as well as a better understanding of the model compared to increasingly popular deep learning architectures e.g. , He et al. Our model is primarily based on simple empirical statistics acquired from a training dataset and relies on a very small number of learned parameters. It also addresses the user cold start problem effectively since the model allows us to capture user interests from queries and recommend related items say music even if they do not have any history on using music services. We also showed how to extend this framework to combine data from different domains to further improve the recommendation quality. In this work  , we presented a general recommendation framework that uses deep learning to match rich user features to items features. Despite the fact that most of the evaluation in this paper used proprietary data  , the framework should be able to generalize to other data sources without much additional effort as shown in Section 9 using a small public data set. As a pilot study  , we believe that this work has opened a new door to recommendation systems using deep learning from multiple data sources. To understand the content of the ad creative from a visual perspective  , we tag the ad image with the Flickr machine tags  , 17 namely deep-learning based computer vision classifiers that automatically recognize the objects depicted in a picture a person  , or a flower. Image. Similar to our work  , to predict CTR for display ads  , 4 and 23 propose to exploit a set of hand-crafted image and motion features and deep learning based visual features  , respectively . In our work  , we go beyond text-only features  , using visual features extracted from the ad creative image. Traditional Aesthetic Predictor: What if existing aesthetic frameworks were general enough to assess crowdsourced beauty ? For each picture in our ground truth  , we query the MIT popularity API 8   , a recently proposed framework that automatically predicts image popularity scores in terms of normalized view count score given visual cues  , such as colors and deep learning features Khosla  , Das Sarma  , and Hamid 2014. We create a huge conversational dataset from Web  , and the crawled data are stored as an atomic unit of natural conversations: an utterance  , namely a posting  , and its reply. Till now  , we have validated that deep learning structures  , contextual reformulations and integrations of multi-dimensions of ranking evidences are effective. Since conversations are open with more than one appropriate responses  , MAP and nDCG scores indicate the full capacity of the retrieval systems. To give deep insights into the proposed model  , we illustrate these two aspects by using intuitive examples in detail. Specially  , learning semantic representations of review content using skipthought vectors and filling in missing values of aspect ratings show advantages on improving the accuracy of rating prediction. Experimental results show that high-quality representation of review content and complete aspect ratings play important roles in improving prediction accuracy. At the same time it is not possible to tune the word embeddings on the training set  , as it will overfit due to the small number of the query-tweet pairs available for training. This has a negative impact on the performance of our deep learning model since around 40% of the word vectors are randomly initialized. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos  , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. In order to scale the system up  , we propose several dimensionality reduction techniques to reduce the number of features in the user view. In practice  , the proposed deep learning approach often needs to handle a huge amount of training examples in high dimensional feature spaces for the user view. Experiments on several large-scale real-world data sets indicated that the proposed approach worked much better than other systems by large margin. Given that the image features we consider are based on a state-ofthe-art deep learning library  , it is interesting to compare the performance of image-related features with a similar signal derived from the crowd. Further adding information about the crowd-indicated category gives us an extremely accurate model with an accuracy of 0.88. Data augmentation  , in our context  , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. To compute the similarity score we use an approach used in the deep learning model of 38  , which recently established new state-of-the-art results on answer sentence selection task. However  , our model uses it only to generate intermediate representation of input sentences for computing their similarity. We model the mixedscript features jointly in a deep-learning architecture in such a way that they can be compared in a low-dimensional abstract space. We propose a principled solution to handle the mixedscript term matching and spelling variation where the terms across the scripts are modelled jointly. We thus aim to apply an automatic feature engineering approach from deep learning in future works to automatically generate the correct ranking function. So far  , our experiments reveal that the mere finding of the right features for this endeavor remains a challenging problem. The proposed approach is founded on: In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. With the recent success in many research areas 1   , deep learning techniques have attracted increasing attention. However  , these hand-crafted descriptors are designed for general tasks to capture fixed visual patterns by pre-defined feature types and are not suitable for detecting some middle-level features that are shared and meaningful across two specific domains. In contrast to 9  , which is applied to text applications  , we need to handle the high-dimensional problem of images  , which results in more difficulties. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. The DNN ranker  , serving as the core of " deep learning-to-rank " schema  , models the relation between two sentences query versus context/posting/reply. Moreover   , different reformulations can capture different aspects of background information; their resulting ranked lists are further merged by a novel formula  , in which we consider the relatedness between the reformulated queries with context and the original one. The proposed method can find the equivalents of the query term across the scripts; the original query is then expanded using the thus found equivalents. In this work  , we propose a deep learning approach with a SAE model for mining advisor-advisee relationships. In the future work  , we will apply our proposed model to the whole DBLP digital library to obtain a large-scale mentorship data set  , which will enable us to study the interesting application such as mentor recommendation. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. Even though NLP components are still being improved by emerging techniques like deep learning  , the quality of existing components is sufficient to work on the semantic level – one level of abstraction up from surface text. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. Their power of reasoning depends on the expressivity of such representation: an ontology provided with complex TBox axioms can act as a valuable support for the representation and the evaluation of a deep knowledge about the domain it represents. In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. So they exploit partially visual cues created by Web designers in order to help human users to make sense of Web pages contents. In general  , for facial expression recognition system  , there are three basic parts:  Face detection: Most of face detection methods can detect only frontal and near-frontal views of the fount. We demonstrate that the standard approach is no better than dynamic time warping  , and both are significantly less accurate than the current state of the art. 1 We evaluate two deep learning solutions for TSC: a standard CNN and a bespoke CNN for TSC. Specifically  , this paper has the following contributions:  We develop a supervised classification methodology with NLP features to outperform a deep learning approach . In this paper we aim to develop a state-of-the-art method for detecting abusive language in user comments  , while also addressing the above deficiencies in the field. The high efficiency ensures an immediate response  , and thus the transfer deep learning approach with two modes can be adopted as a prototype model for real-time mobile applications  , such as photo tagging and event summarization on mobile devices. For tagging with batch-mode  , it took three seconds for a photo collection of 200 photos 800*600 pixels . Accomplishing all this in a small project would be impossible if the team were building everything from scratch. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 15  , hence selecting educational resources that address these concepts is a critical task in supporting learners. Emerging new OCR approaches based on deep learning would certainly profit from the large set of training data. Even if not all occurrences are used for training  , the large number of glyph examples  , sorted by quality  , makes it easier for OCR engineers to compose a good training set. Additionally  , we note that a catalog of occurrences of glyphs can in itself be interesting  , for example to date or attribute printed works 2. More recently  , Wang and Wang 10  used deep leaning techniques which perform feature learning from audio signals and music recommendation in a unified framework. For example  , Logan 6  vestigated Mel-frequency Cepstral Coefficients MFCCs as acoustic features and utilized Earth-Mover's distance to measure the similarity between songs for recommendation. Finally  , many systems work with distributed vector representations for words and RDF triples and use various deep learning techniques for answer selection 10  , 31. Another approach to generate more training data is to automatically convert RDF triples to questions using entity and predicate names 10. In all of these works  , external resources are used to train a lexicon for matching questions to particular KB queries. However  , their model operates only on unigram or bigrams  , while our architecture learns to extract and compose n-grams of higher degrees  , thus allowing for capturing longer range dependencies. We present a joint NMF method which incorporates crowdbased emotion labels on articles and generates topic-specific factor matrices for building emotion lexicons via compositional semantics. In recent years  , alongside the enhancement of ASR technologies with deep learning 17  , various studies suggested advanced methods for voice search ASR and reported further performance enhancements. 27 discussed the interleaving of ASR with IR systems and suggested to combine acoustic and semantic models to enhance performance. There is actually a series of variants of DL2R model with different components and different context utilization strategies. However   , while the word embeddings obtained at the previous step should already capture important syntactic and semantic aspects of the words they represent  , they are completely clueless about their sentiment behaviour. We are going to create JoBimText models 30 and extend those to interconnected graphs  , where we introduce new semantic relations between the nodes. A person can observe the existence and configuration of another persons body directly  , however all aspects of other people's minds must be inferred from observing their behaviour together with other information. One of the challenges in studying an agent's understanding of others is that observed phenomena like behaviours can sometimes be explained as simple stimulus-response learning  , rather than requiring deep understanding. Instance learning approaches exploit regularities available in Deep Web pages in terms of DOM structures for detecting data records and their data items. The method proposed in this paper is completely automatic and no manual effort is required to the user. The previous study in 8 seeks to discover hidden schema model for query interfaces on deep Web. To the best of our knowledge  , no research has yet adequately addressed the problem of learning a global attribute schema from the Web for entities of a given entity type. Recent IE systems have addressed scalability with weakly supervised methods and bootstrap learning techniques. As a result  , top performing systems in TREC e.g. , 21  focus on " deep " parsing of sentences and the production of logical representations of text in contrast with the lighter weight techniques used by KNOWITALL. Our techniques highlight the importance of low-level computer vision features and demonstrate the power of certain semantic features extracted using deep learning. We contrast our prediction technique that leverages social cues and image content features with simpler methods that leverage color spaces  , intensity  , and simple contextual metrics. In particular  , by training a neural language model 8  on millions of Wikipedia documents  , the authors first construct a semantic space where semantically close words are mapped to similar vector representations. In a related work 3  , a deep learning based semantic embedding method is proposed. This is due to a very large number of misspellings and words occurring only once hence they are filted by the word2vec tool. The learning component uses a data-driven and model-free approach for training the recurrent neural net  , which becomes an embedded part of a hybrid control scheme effective during execution. Configuration of the system can be achieved by users without deep robotics knowledge  , using kinesthetic teaching to gather training data intrinsically containing constraints given by the environment or required by the intended task. All three demonstrated they understood the difference between accidental and intentional acts. In this study  , we want to learn the weather attributes which are mainly in the form of real numbered values and thus have chosen stacked auto-encoder architecture of deep learning for the purpose. This approach is also known as the greedy layerwise unsupervised pre-training. To summarize  , the contributions in this work are: 1 use rich user features to build a general-purpose recommendation system  , 2 propose a deep learning approach for content-based recommendation systems and study different techniques to scale-up the system  , 3 introduce the novel Multi-View Deep learning model to build recommendation systems by combining data sets from multiple domains  , 4 address the user cold start issue which is not well-studied in literature by leveraging the semantic feature mapping learnt from the multi-view DNN model  , and 5 perform rigorous experiments using four real-world large-scale data set and show the effectiveness of the proposed system over the state-of-the-art methods by a significantly large margin. Alternative solutions to this challenging problem were explored using a " Figure 1: Example of a PMR query and its relevant technote like " competition  , where several different research and development teams within IBM have explored various retrieval approaches including those that employ both state-of-theart and novel QA  , NLP  , deep-learning and learning-to-rank techniques. In order for find a relevant solution  , the system needs to search over multiple combinations of PMR problem aspects and technical document and find the best matches. For each of the detectable objects  , the Flickr classifiers output a confidence score corresponding to the probability that the object is represented in the image. It breaks the task at hand into the following components: 1. a tensor construction stage of building user-item-tag correlation; 2. a tensor decomposition stage learning factors for each component mode; 3. a stage of tensor completion  , which computes the creativity value of tag pairs; and 4. a recommender stage that ranks the candidate items according to both precision and creative consideration . Hence  , in this paper we adopt a simple pointwise method to reranking and focus on modelling a rich representation of query-document pairs using deep learning approaches which is described next. Most often  , producing a better representation ψ that encodes various aspects of similarity between the input querydocument pairs plays a far more important role in training an accurate reranker than choosing between different ranking approaches. The deep learning features outperform other features for the one-per-user and user-mix settings but not the user-specific setting. On exploring the columns individually in Table 1   , we notice that the color histogram alone gives a fairly low rank correlation ranging between 0.12 and 0.23 across the three datasets  , but texture  , and gradient features perform significantly better improving the performance ranges to 0.20 to 0.32 and 0.26 to 0.34 respectively. This result indicates that IdeaKeeper scaffoldings assisted students to focus on more important work than less salient activities in online inquiry. The students who only used the digital libraries were more involved in activities such as conducting information searches  , skimming a website to locate a piece of specific information  , and copying information from the websites—activities that provide less opportunities for deep learning to occur than the high-level cognitive activities performed by the IdeaKeeper students 5. Even though  , in general  , changing the goal may lead to substantial modifications in the basins of attraction  , the expectation is that problems successfully dealt with in their first occurrence difficult cases reported for RPP are traps and deep local minima A general framework for learning in path planning has been proposed by Chen 8. Additional regions could be found  , along with additional paths connecting them.  We investigate the relative importance of individual features  , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image  , another where each user has several thousand images  , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. Copyrights for third-party components of this work must be honored. In this paper  , we propose a deep learning based advisor-advisee relationships 1 http://genealogy.math.ndsu.nodak.edu/index.php 2 http://academictree.org/ 3 http://phdtree.org/ Permission to make digital or hard copies of part or all of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. In this case  , we assume that user's preferences are composed of two components: the long-term preference which reflects the fairly stable interests of the users based on their online activities; and the temporal interests which represents the users' current immanent need/interests. Table 4 shows that even by just using the user preferences among categories together with crowd-derived category information   , we can obtain an accuracy of 0.85 compared with 0.77 for Image+User features  , suggesting that crowdsourced image categorisation is more powerful than current image recognition and classification technology. 3 In this paper we propose a machine learning method that takes as input an ontology matching task consisting of two ontologies and a set of configurations and uses matching task profiling to automatically select the configuration that optimizes matching effectiveness. For example   , LOD ontologies vary widely; they can be very small at the schema level  , shallow  , and poorly axiomatized such as GeoNames  , 1 large with medium depth and medium axiomatization such as in DBpedia  , 2 or large  , deep  , and richly axiomatized such as Yago. Recommendation systems and content personalization play increasingly important role in modern online web services. We then review the basic DSSM model and discuss how it could be extended for our setting in Section 4; in Section 5  , we introduce the multi-view deep learning model in details and discuss its advantages ; in Section 6  , we discuss the dimension reduction methods to scale-up the model; in Section 7  , 8  , 9 & 10  , we present a comprehensive empirical study; we finally conclude in Section 11 and suggest several future work. In this framework  , a slow  , globally effective planner is invoked when a fast but less effective planner fails  , and significant subgoal configurations found are remembered t o enhance future success chances of the fast planner. The rest of this paper is organized as following  , first we review major approaches in recommendation systems including papers that focus on the cold start problem in Section 2; in Section 3  , we describe the data sets we work with and detail the type of features we use to model the user and the items in each domain  , respectively. Semantic relevance. Definition 1. Once the semantic relevance values were calculated  , the pictograms were ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the major category. In the three semantic relevance approaches 4  , 5  , and 6  , a cutoff value of 0.5 was used. Using the semantic relevance measure  , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. 1. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero  , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. Based on this prediction  , we propose a semantic relevance calculation on categorized interpretations. The returned set was therefore compared to their query in that light  , their semantic relevance. As such they had to construct a strong notion of the form and content of a relevant image  , which one might call their semantic relevance. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. We used two kinds semantic score to evaluate the relevance between tweets and profiles as follow  ,  The semantic score c i is recorded simultaneously . A pure relevance-based based model finds relevance by using semantic information. We tested two such scores for region combination pti  , oti  , viz. Semantic errors were reported to developers who quickly confirmed their relevance and took actions to correct them. Investigation of Moodle's access control model revealed 31 semantic smells and 2 semantic errors  , distributed in 3 categories. For example  , if the query is " night "   , relevant pictograms are first selected using the highest semantic relevance value in each pictogram  , and once candidate pictograms are selected  , the pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category  , which in this case is the TIME category. Once the relevant pictograms are selected  , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. Based on the performance values listed in Table 3  , we see that a the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach performs better than the rest in terms of recall 0.70472 and F 1 measure 0.73757; b the semantic relevance approach in general performs much better than the simple query string match approach; and that c the categorized approach in general performs much better than the not-categorized approach. A cutoff value of 0.5 was used for the three semantic relevance approaches. Simple Semantic Association queries between two entities result in hundreds of results and understanding the relevance of these associations requires comparable intellectual effort to understanding the relevance of a document in response to keyword queries. For example  , in our current semantic test-bed developed for open access and use by the Semantic Web research community  , SWETO 3 Semantic Web Technology Evaluation Ontology detailed in 2  , there are over 800 ,000 entities and 1.5 million explicit relationships among them. This is difficult and expensive . In traditional approaches users provide manual assessments of relevance  , or semantic similarity. For each procedure  , we enumerate a finite set of significant subgraphs; that is  , we enumerate subgraphs that hold semantic relevance and are likely to be good semantic clone candidates . Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design  , and they do not have single  , clear semantics. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized  , 2 categorized  , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared  , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. In our example  , the Semantic GrowBag uses statistical information to compute higher order co-occurrences of keywords. Another possibility to measure the relevance of the covered terms may be reflected by using independent semantic techniques. Unlike semantic score features and semantic expansion features which are query-biased  , document quality features are tended to estimate the quality of a tweet. A short time difference usually indicates the highly temporal relevance between the tweet and the query. The final step mimics user evaluation of the results  , based on his/her knowledge. Finally  , we evaluate the relevance of identified semantic sets to a given query and rank the members of semantic sets accordingly. Images of the candidate pictograms that contain query as interpretation word are listed at the bottom five rows of Table 4. Our method outperforms the three baselines  , including method only consider PMI  , surface coverage or semantic similarity Table 2: Relevance precision compared with baselines. We use |C1|/|C| to calculate the precision  , |C1+C2+C3|/|C| to evaluate the relevance precision. Each book  , for example  , may take a considerable time to review  , particularly when collecting passage level relevance assessments. Digital items of this type represent cohesive semantic units that may be substantial in size  , requiring extensive effort to assess for relevance. This corresponds to the user inspection of the retrieved documents. In such a system   , users can query with a boolean combination of tags and other keywords  , and obtain resources ranked by relevance to users' interests. Based on these semantic annotations  , an intelligent semantic search system can be implemented. Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . In this section  , we discuss to combine multi-domain relevance for tag recommendation MRR. Different from traditional training procedure  , these " weak " learners are trained based on cross domain relevance of the semantic targets. Befi q captures relevance because it is based on all propositions defining the semantic content of the object o  , that imply the query formula. Also  , the greater their number  , the higher the relevance. It is designed to be used with formal query method and does not incorporate IR relevance measurements. 25 discussed a ranking method for the Semantic Web that calculates the result relevance on the proof tree of a formal query. This ensures that our dataset enables measuring recall and all of the query-document matches  , even non-trivial  , are present. The relevance assessments are determined manually for the whole dataset  , unlike in some other datasets proposed for semantic search evaluation  , such as the Semantic Search Workshop data 9   , where the relevance assessments were determined by assessing relevance for documents pooled form 100 top results from each of the participating systems  , queries were very short  , and in text format. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. Whilst classic relevance ratings have viewed relevance in purely semantic terms  , it would appear that in practice users adjust their relevance judgements when considering other factors. While sorting by relevance can be useful   , clearly the sequence of components in documents is typically based on something more meaningful. Semantic Sequencing. The presented results are preliminary. XSEarch returns semantically related fragments  , ranked by estimated relevance. The main contribution of this paper is in laying the foundations for a semantic search engine over XML documents. We detail our semantic modeling approach in In Section 3  , we review conventional IR methods in order to display the basic underlying concepts of determining text relevance. The inferences are exclusive and involve different meanings . To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. Thus  , specific terms are useful to describe the relevance feature of a topic. Specific terms contain more semantic meanings and distinguish a topic from others. We explore tag-tag semantic relevance in a tag-specific manner. Denote I as an image dataset with n images  , and T as tag vocabulary with m tags. A screenshot of web-based pictogram retrieval system prototype which uses the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach with a 0.5 cutoff value. syntactic and semantic information . An obvious method in question answering QA for assessing the relevance of candidate answer sentences is by considering their underlying event structures  , i.e. Of course  , high temporal correlation does not guarantee semantic relevance. Therefore  , in TempCorr terms are ranked based on the level of correlation to the target time-series. are in fact simple examples demonstrating the use of the system-under-test. Incorporating this additional semantic fact could have helped to improve the relevance of retrieved results. Figure 4shows an example. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. A total of 399 words returned the same results for all four approaches. Each value is the mean performance value of 163 retrieval tasks performed 9 . Each of the 6 NASA TLX semantic differentials was compared across document size and document relevance level. For mental demand the differences were found to be significant  L in the Vector Space Model  , whose relevance to some documents have been manually labeled. For a given Latent Semantic Space The pictograms listed here are the relevant pictogram set of the given word; 3 QUERY MATCH RATIO > 0.5 lists all pictograms having the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 4 SR WITHOUT CATEGORY uses not-categorized interpretations to calculate the semantic relevance value; 5 SR WITH CATEGORY & NOT- WEIGHTED uses categorized interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram; 6 SR WITH CATEGORY & WEIGHTED uses categorized and weighted interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. The pictograms are ranked with the most relevant pictogram starting from the left. Gray scale indicates computed relevance with white most relevant. For each language pair  , two different kinds of semantic indexing were used. There are no semantic or pragmatic theories to guide us. These two different interpretations of probability of relevance lead to two different probabilistic models for document retrieval. Users struggled to understand why the returned set lacked semantic relevance. This seemed to help users produce better and more successful sketches. Section 4 presents precision  , recall  , and retrieval examples of four pictogram retrieval approaches. Section 3 describes semantic relevance measure  , and categorization and weighting of interpretation words. For a given Latent Semantic Space In this work we use the Euclidean distance to measure the relevance between a query and a document. We consider various combinations of text and link similarity and discuss how these correlate with semantic similarity and how well they rank pages. Having validated the proposed semantic similarity measure   , in Section 4 we begin to explore the question of applications   , namely how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. Having validated our semantic similarity measure σ G s   , let us now begin to explore its applications to performance evaluation . In this paper we do not address the problem of scalability or efficiency in determining the relevance of the ontologies  , in respect to a query. Hence  , in contrast with AquaLog  , which simply needs to retrieve all semantic resources which are based on a given ontology  , PowerAqua has to automatically identify the relevant semantic markup from a large and heterogeneous semantic web 2 . The weighted version RW weights the semantic clusters based on the aggregate relevance levels of the tweets included in each cluster. The unweighted veriosn of cluster recall RU is defined as the percentage of distinct semantic clusters that are represented in the generated timeline out of the judged semantic clusters. The relevance values attached to each rule then provide  , together with an appropriate calculus of relevance values  , a mechanism for determining the overall relevance of a given document as a function of those patterns which it contains. are themselves further defined in terms of pattern expressions in a text reference language which allows keywords  , positional contexts  , and simple syntactic and semantic notions. The higher relevance ratings for the task that required subjects to locate a previously seen image suggest that users were better able to specify those queries. Thus users clicked on blue and were presented with predominantly blue images  , we believe that this meant that the users were evaluating the relevance of the return more on the colour than the semantic relevance. The proposed measure takes into account the probability and similarity in a set of pictogram interpretation words  , and to enhance retrieval performance   , pictogram interpretations were categorized into five pictogram categories using the Concept Dictionary in EDR Electronic Dictionary. The intuition behind this approach is that proximity in the graph reflects mutual relevance between nodes. It enables Semantic Search to provide richer results as the Semantic Web grows  , but also makes the system more susceptible to spam and irrelevant information.  The distinguishability of keyword: A resource having semantic paths to distinguishable keywords is more relevant than a resource having semantic paths to undistinguishable keywords. The relevance of a resource a is in inverse proportion to the distance from the ideal position 1  , ..  , 1 to the point of a. Topics sustainable tourism and interpolation 1411 and 4882 do not benefit from semantic matching due to a semantic gap: interpolation is associated with the polynomial kind while the relevance assessments focus on stochastic methods. TU The TU benchmark contains both English and Dutch textual evidence. Relevance: On the one hand all of our data is exposed through different formats  , which limits not only their integration and semantic interpretation but also any kind of basic inference across data sources. On the other hand data is exposed through human or device-based sensors  , it is then crucial that real-time semantic conversion can be supported. To calculate precision and recall  , we normalize the semantic distance to a scale from 0 to 1. In our case studies  , we compare each correspondence {x  , y} in A to a correspondence {x  , y } in a reference alignment R. We use the semantic distance between y and y as a relevance measure for the correspondence {x  , y}. To do so  , the model leverages the existing classifier p0y|x  , and create the semantic embedding vector of x as a convex combination of semantic vectors of the most relevant training labels. By projecting images into S  , cross-media relevance can be computed. These quality measures were derived by observing the workflow of a domain expert using the example of but not limited to the field of chemistry. Degree of Category Coverage DCC  , semantic word bandwidth SWD and relevance of covered terms RCT  , for measuring the quality of semantic techniques used for taxonomy / folksonomy creation. We show that the new measure predicts human responses to a much greater accuracy. Using this method we find that 48 ,922 doorway pages in 526 abusive cloud directories utilize traffic spam techniques to manipulate the page relevance. If the keywords have a large semantic gap semantic similarity<0.05  , we determine that the doorway page utilizes traffic spam techniques.  In this paper  , we focus on ranking the results of complex relationship searches on the Semantic Web. The richness of the SemRank relevance model stems from the fact that it uses a blend of semantic and information theoretic techniques along with heuristics to determine the rank of Besides the semantic relevance between the ad and ad landing page  , the ad should be consistent with the style of web page. Conventional contextual advertising primarily matches ads to web pages based on categories or prominent keywords which are regarded as semantic meaning.  The number of meaningful semantic path instances: We regard resources which have many meaningful semantic path instances directed to keywords as more relevant resources. In the novel ranking model proposed in this paper  , the following three relevance criteria are considered. Interestingly  , for the topic law and informatization/computerization 1719 we see that the Dutch translation of law is very closely related. This was not so clear about our application in the relevance part of semantic data – in the form of the lexicon of referential equivalents. Our experiments after the evaluation show there is a value using semantic information in detecting similarity and dissimilarity. Boolean operators and uncertainty operators have to be evaluated in a different way from the evaluation of semantic operators. 7'he relevance of a document takes the maximal value among the correspondence measures evaluated between itk component semantic expressions and the query. In this paper 1 we present a coordination middleware for the Semantic Web and demonstrate its relevance to these vital issues for Semantic Web applications. This includes issues of persistent storage  , efficient reasoning  , data mediation  , scalability  , distribution of data  , fault tolerance and security. Fourth  , we developed a suitable ranking mechanism that takes into account both the degree of the semantic relationship and the relevance of the keywords. Third  , we have combined the notion of semantic relationship with traditional information-retrieval techniques to guarantee that answers are not merely semantically-related fragments  , but actually fragments that are highly relevant to the keywords of the query. Other semantic types that fell under health  , biology and chemistry related topics were given a medium weight. On the other hand semantic types such as  , " disease and syndrome "   , "sign or symptoms"  , "body part" were assigned the highest possible weight  , as they would be very critical is determining the relevance of a biomedical article. We introduce a typical use case in which an intelligent traffic management system must support coordinated access to a knowledge base for a large number of agents. The SemSets model 6 utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories semantic sets  , SemSets measured according to structural and textual similarity. In the same way that assessors disagree over relevance judgments see 6 for a nice summary  , humans also disagree about whether two pieces of text have the same semantic content. The second issue—semantic equivalence between atomic information units—is challenging because making such judgments requires taking into account context and fine-grained distinctions in meaning. Finally we have undertaken a massive data mining effort on ODP data in order to begin to explore how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance in agreement with semantic similarity. We have shown that the proposed semantic similarity measure predicts human judgments of relatedness with significantly greater accuracy than the tree-based measure. We argue that considering a latent semantic model's score only is not enough to determine its effectiveness in search  , and all potentially useful information captured by the model should be considered . While the scores produced by latent semantic models have demonstrated a strong correlation with document relevance  , they are just the " tip of the iceberg " in capturing the relation between a query and document. Combinations of latent semantic models. These scoring functions are simple and intuitive  , but we argue that they are not expressive enough to tune latent semantic models for relevance prediction and that they do not use all potentially useful information from the model. Situation-aware applications would additionally require semantic assertions about the user navigation  , interaction logic and associated data model for the purposes of temporal and positional relevance. Information about the author  , title and attribution and preferences  , policies or opinions regarding manipulation of the content by third parties 28  , and transformation rules thereof  , could also be included as semantic hints. In particular  , a definite effect was observed for RTs typically less than for hierarchical traversal. However the results are suggestive of the existence of some semantic distance effect  , with an inverse correlation between semantic distance and relevance assessment  , dependant on position in the subject hierarchy  , direction of term traversal and other factors. In our previous research about digital libraries 1  and large digital book collec- tions 2  we proposed three general metrics  , i.e. Based on these observations  , we proposed three measures namely degree of category coverage DCC  , semantic word bandwidth SWB and relevance of covered terms RCT. Therefore  , our future work will focus on the creation of suitable test corpora and will measure different semantic techniques using manual inspection together with appropriate quality measures. After that it matches the query keywords with the generated service semantic graph keywords to find relevance and propose services to the user. It generates a semantic graph for I/O of WSDL services using a user provided ontology and Wordnet 12 . The semantic match relies on the classification of pages and ads into a 6000 nodes commercial advertising taxonomy to determine their topical distance. In this paper we proposed a novel way of matching advertisements to web pages that rely on a topical semantic match as a major component of the relevance score. The semantic types used in the current system were determined entirely by inspection. However  , the configuration and tuning of the NLP-based passage trimming is complex  , and will require much further work to determine which UMLS semantic types are most informative about sentence relevance for each entity type. In addition  , the usual problems attached to concurrent executions  , like race conditions and deadlocks  , are raised. However  , this probably changes the 'order' in which events are consumed and thus has semantic relevance. We extract the keywords from the META tag of the doorway pages and query their semantic similarity using DISCO API. To measure the keywords relevance to identify traffic spam  , we studied the doorway pages with more than one META keywords. As the length of a semantic path gets longer  , the relevance between the source and the destination decreases. where 0 < α  , β < 1 and I and MI are normalized to be in the same range 0  , 1. In the ARCOMEM project 22 first approaches have been investigated to implement a social and semantic driven selection model for Web and Social Web content. The potential relevance of Tweets for Web archive creation has been explored 26. We offer this description to demonstrate that evidence gleaned from pseudo-queries could have non-temporal applications  , calling the induced model R a document's " semantic profile. " This is similar to building a relevance model for each document 3. After explicit feature mapping 18  , the cosine similarity is used as the relevance score. These video features include motion features e.g. , improved dense trajectory 13  , audio features e.g. , MFCC and visual semantic features 15 . The basic underlying assumption is that the same word form carries the same semantic meaning. Information Retrieval typically measures the relevance of documents to a query based on word similarity. If the same types of dependencies were capture by both syntactic and semantic dependencies  , LCE would be expected to perform about equally as well as relevance models. after query expansion. Thus  , a good CBIR method should consider low-level features as well as intrinsic structure of the data. This phenomenon is extremely important to explore the semantic relevance when the label information is unknown. Thus it has particular relevance for archaeological cross domain research. It encompasses cultural heritage generally and is envisaged as 'semantic glue' mediating between different sources and types of information. In semantic class extraction  , Zhang et al. Though this topic modeling approach is more theoretically motivated  , it does not have the flexibility of adding different features to capture different aspects such as query relevance. In the following section  , five pictogram categories are described  , and characteristics in pictogram interpretation are clarified. We will show that categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach returns better result than not-categorized  , not-weighted approaches. Our method presupposes a set of pictograms having a list of interpretation words and ratios for each pictogram. Here  , we propose a semantic relevance measure which outputs relevancy values of each pictogram when a pictogram interpretation is given. This equation  , however  , does not take into account the similarity of interpretation words. Using the similarity  , we can define the measure of Semantic Relevance or SRw i   , e as follows: Some semantic-relevance images that can not be found under the typical visual bag-of-words model were successfully retrieved. Their experiments demonstrate that the visual phrase-based retrieval approach outperforms the visual word-based approach. Hence  , the key issue of the extension is how to findkreate the relevance among different databases. A challenge in multi-database mining is a semantic heterogeneity among multiple databases because usually no explicit foreign key/link relationships exists among them. Consider for example an interaction logic implemented as JSP bean or Javascript  , etc. If the glb values of the conjunct are already available in the semantic index  , they are directly retrieved. If a conjunct is an IR concept  , the glb values are retrieved from the IR Relevance Assertions . QR  , using a highly tuned semantic engine  , can attain high relevance. The highest P@3 for IFM is clocked at 0.794  , which is comparable to the 0.801 achieved by QR4. Then in 26  semantic relatedness measure is used to pick the meaning that has the highest relevance to the context where the ambiguous term appears. For example  , the article " platform disambiguation " contains 17 meanings of the word " platform " . We assume that the significance of a citation link can be estimated by the relevance of each entity considering the query topic. Marginal citations are detected by semantic links between two homogeneous entities. A version of the corpus is annotated with various linguistic information such as part-of-speech  , morphology  , UMLS semantic classes. The relevance judgments are supplied in a format amenable to TREC evaluation . Future work will look at incorporating document-side dependencies  , as well. Finally  , we reiterated the importance of choosing expansion terms that model relevance  , rather than the relevant documents and showed how LCE captures both syntactic and query-side semantic dependencies. For instance  , a word like " morning " may score high in the category of coffee merely based on its occurrence at similar times as coffee terms. We used sentence as window size to measure relevance of appearing concepts to the topic term. ST represents a semantic type to which the concepts appearing in the topicrelated text snippets belong. Different from LSA and its variants  , our model learns a projection matrix  , which maps the term-vector of a document onto a lower-dimensional semantic space  , using a supervised learning method. The relevance of a query and a document is computed as the cosine similarity between their vectors in the semantic space. It means that those nearby data points  , or points belong to the same cluster or manifold   , are very likely to share the same semantic label. This could be done by assigning weights to Semantic Associations based on the contextual relevance and then validating only those associations with a high relevance weight. A second heuristic is to try to prune the number of paths that need to be validated at the data storage layer. In our approaches  , we propose four semantic features. For example  , using TopicInfo Corpus  , we may get the relevance between the tweet link and user's query while using Origin Corpus  , we can get the content relevance between the query and the tweet text. We introduce an experimental platform based on the data set and topics from the Semantic Search Challenge 9  , 4 . Our second model Entity-centric estimates the relevance of each individual entity within the collection and then aggregates these scores to determine the collection's relevance. We compared the precision of QR implemented on top of three major search engines and saw that relevance can be affected by low recall for long queries; in fact  , precision decays as a function of low recall. Using more than one event queue allows a more concurrent handling of events using multiple threads. First  , we provide a general method for the aggregation of information streams based on the concept of semantic relevance and on a novel asymmetric aggregation function. Summing up  , the innovation of our work can be presented in two aspect. Essentially  , an interface to a bi-directional weakly connected graph that is transparently generated as the programmer works. The adjacent semantic link panel lists links to more content that is of relevance to what is displayed in the content panel. That's why LSSH can improve mAP by 18% at least which also shows the importance to reduce semantic gap between different modals. But the hash codes of images generated by baseline methods still show little relevance to their topics. And a tag-tag visual similarity matrix is formulated by the propagated tag relevance from trustable images in Section 2.2. In Section 2.1  , we study the tag-tag text similarity matrix by Latent Semantic Indexing 1 on tag occurrence. The topics are categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard topic " difficulty "   , semantic/visual topic " visuality "   , and geographic/general 4. The ImageCLEF 2007 collection is a set of 20 ,000 images  , 60 search topics  , and associated relevance judgments. Average distance weight and the co-occurrence ratio are not able to reflect the semantic similarities between a question and a candidate answer. When there is no relevance to each other  , the category vector similarity is low. We identified ambiguities in pictogram interpretation and possible issues involved in the usage of such pictograms in communication. In the Semantic Web community  , crowdsourcing has also been recently considered  , for instance to link 10 or map 21  entities. Crowdsourcing can be used to produce relevance judgements for documents 2  , books 16  , 17  , or entities 5. The basic idea is to produce an accurate ranking function by combining many " weak " learners. We define pictogram categories by appropriating first level categories defined in the Concept Dictionary of EDR Electronic Dictionary6. When the semantic relevance is calculated  , however  , the equation takes into account all the interpretation words including talking or church or play. Pictogram in Table 1could be a candidate since it contains both words with a total ratio of 0.1. Selecting a set of words relevant to the query would reduce the effect of less-relevant interpretation words affecting the calculation. As expected  , the worst method in terms of semantic relevance is the TempCorr method  , which ignores semantics altogether. ContextPMI and the Hybrid method generally achieve better accuracy and their deterioration in quality is slower compared with APMI and TempCorr . Figure 3is similar to Figure 2  , but compare the percent of relevant tweets with the volume of newly discovered content . The results of the rating question on relevance suggested that users believed the returned sets were not always semantically relevant. The Semantic Gap problem was commented upon by the subjects of both studies. However  , the browsing tool simply required users to think about what might be the main colour and then look in that colour square. Kacimi and Gamper propose a different opinion diversification framework for controversial queries 17  , 18 : three criteria are considered for diversification: topical relevance  , semantic diversification  , and sentiment diversification. The SCSF model is a further extension  , presented in Section 3.2.2. It fits naturally the IR framework based on vector space model VSM. The Maximum Entropy approach allows for the use of a large amount of descriptors without the need to specify their relevance for training a specific semantic concept. the probability distribution keeping the uncertainty maximal. After extracting the semantic features  , we need to represent those features in a proper format so that it is convenient to calculate the relevance between tweets and profiles. Tweets and Profiles can be represented by word2vec knowledge base as follow , A query usually provides only a very restricted means to represent the user's intention. We have proposed a method named the Relevance-based Superimposition RS model to solve the semantic ambiguity problem in information retrieval. Recently  , millions of tagged images are available online in social community. In this paper  , to tackle this problem  , we explore the latent semantic relevance among tags from text and visual perspectives. Image tag re-ranking becomes an interesting topic in research community 2 and industry. For instance  , the top 20 retrieved documents have a mean relevance value of 4.2 upon 5  , versus 2.7 in the keyword search. On the other hand  , the relevance graph shows that here the semantic search gives high ranks to the relevant documents. The relevance value of a document with respect to " pimo:Person " is dynamically measured as the aggregated relevance value of that document with respect to all instances of the concept " pimo:Person " in the PIMO ontology. 2  , the x-axis highlights documents relevant to " Semantic Desktop " while the y-axis highlights documents relevant to " pimo:Person " . Specifically  , a sentence consisting of a mentioned location set and a term set is rated in terms of the geographic relevance to location and the semantic relevance to tag   , as   , where Then  , given a representative tag   , we generate its corresponding snippets by ranking all the sentences in the travelogue collection according to the query " " . The content layer is at the bottom  , since the similarity calculated based on low-level features does not have any well-defined mapping with object relevance perceived at semantic level. Structure link is also a strong indicator of the relevance between objects  , but is not as reliable as user links. Therefore  , it is important to locate interesting and meaningful relations and to rank them before presenting them to the user. To prove the applicability of our technique  , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. The method is based on: i a semantic relevance function acting as a kernel to discover the semantic affinities of heterogeneous information items  , and ii an asymmetric vector projection model on which semantic dependency graphs among information items are built and representative elements of these graphs can be selected. The rest of the section elaborates on these measures and how they are used to rank ρ-path associations. Finally  , we allow users to optionally specify some keywords that capture relevance and results which contain semantic matches are ranked highest. However  , it does not carry out semantic annotation of documents  , which is the problem addressed here. It uses the ontology structure to determine the relevance of the candidate instances. The content panel can display various media such as a web browser  , drawing canvas or code editor. These findings suggest that the criteria in the Hybrid method Equation 7 improves both temporal similarity and semantic relevance. Also  , the hybrid method selects fewer terms and stops before the quality deteriorates any further. It uses a non-logic based textual similarity to discover services. Cross-media relevance between an unlabeled image and a test label is computed by cosine similarity between their embedding vectors. Figure 1: Zero-shot image tagging by hierarchical semantic embedding. Theobald and Weikum 24  describe a query language for XML that supports approximate matches with relevance ranking based on ontologies and semantic similarity. The WHIRL system 9  computes ranked results of queries with similarity joins  , but uses an extensional semantics. These cases yield a high precision up to almost maximum recall. Our approach utilizes categorized pictogram interpretations together with the semantic relevance measure to retrieve and rank relevant pictograms for a given interpretation . Related research unifies the browsing by tags and visual features for intuitive exploration of image databases5 . First we create original intent hierarchies OIH by manually grouping the official intents based on their semantic similarity or relatedness. We use the official intents as atomic intents to avoid reassessing relevance of the documents. SAXException is not thrown by any of the resolvable methods in the test scenario; therefore  , the functionality being sought should throw that exception . Regarding the amount of relevance of each term to the each section  , its importance for the document is evaluated. In order to overcome this shortcome  , we propose a novel approach to divide web pages in different semantic sections. It also takes into account the beliefs associated to these propositions; the higher their beliefs  , the higher the relevance. However  , almost all of them ignore one important factor for resource selection  , i.e. , the impact factor of information source itself. Almost all these existing methods are devoted to propose various measures to estimate the relevance score between query and sources and this kind of relevance is very closely related with the semantic content of query and results. Multimodality is the capability of fusing and presenting heterogeneous data  , such as audio  , video and text  , from multiple information sources  , such as the Internet and TV. In our experiment we manipulated four independent variables: image size small  , medium  , large  , relevance level relevant  , not relevant  , topic difficulty easy  , medium  , difficult  , very difficult and topic visuality visual  , medium  , semantic. All combinations of independent variables were presented  , with each combination of topic 3 visuality x 4 difficulty being presented randomly  , and then for each topic all combinations of image size and relevance level 3 sizes x 2 relevance levels were presented randomly as a block. Latent semantic models based on the latent space matching approach learn vector representations for queries and documents  , such that the distance between a query vector vQ and a document vector vD reflects the degree of relevance of the document D to the query Q. We start with the metafeatures shared by all models of this class and then take a closer look at the Deep Structured Semantic Model 20. There is already a very significant body of work around entailment for the Semantic Web 10  , based on description logics providing an underlying formal semantics for the various flavours of OWL. Both entailment and designation have relevance for the Semantic Web: entailment relating to what can be concluded from what is already known  , and designation relates to establishing the connection between symbols in a formal system and what they represent. One major question concerns the practical applicability of these different matchmakers in general  , not restricted to some given domain-specific and/or very small-sized scenario  , by means of their retrieval performance over a given initial test collection  , SAWSDL-TC1  , that consists of more than 900 SAWSDL services from different application domains. In addition  , it learns the optimal aggregation of these different types of semantic matching to decide on the semantic relevance of a service to a given request. Some insights from measurement theory in Mathematical Psychology were briefly covered to illustrate how inappropriate correspondence between symbol and referent can result in logically valid but meaningless inference. In conclusion  , this paper has put forward some of the hard questions the semantic Web needs to answer  , examined some of the pitfalls that may occur if they are not addressed  , and explained the relevance of the symbol grounding problem for the kinds of semantic interoperability issues commonly encountered. A large number of bytes changed might result from a page creator who restructures the spacing of a page's source encoding while maintaining the same content from a semantic and rhetorical point of view. Unfortunately  , there is not an easily computed metric that provides a direct correlation between syntactic and semantic changes in a Web page For instance  , there is no clear relationship between the number of bytes changed and the relevance of the change to the reader. Hence  , the scatter plot can show  , among others  , documents referring to both the topic " Semantic Desktop " and one or more persons who are of specific interest to the users documents plotted above both axes. To summarize the representative aspects of a destination  , we first generate a few representative tags  , and then identify related snippets for each tag to further describe and interpret the relation between the tag and the destination. Specifically  , a sentence consisting of a mentioned location set and a term set is rated in terms of the geographic relevance to location and the semantic relevance to tag   , as   , where For example  , Arguello et al. , 2009a used Category-based Similarity to rank the resources and Arguello et al. , 2009b build a probabilistic model by combining multiple types of queries with the corresponding search engine types. A serious consequence of such an overly simplified assumption of a document's relevance quality to a given query is that the model's generalization capability is limited: one has to collect a large number of such query-document pairs to obtain a confident estimate of relevance. In most of the existing click models  , we are only aware of which position is clicked  , but the underlying " semantic explanations " for the clicking behavior  , e.g. , clicked content redundancy and click distance  , are completely discarded. For instance  , it was agreed to that a hyponym of campaign  , such as Marlboro Ranch a name of a specific marketing campaign should be considered  , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance  , whereas the non-specific hypernym campaign should not be considered   , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance. In the context of the TREC Interactive Task  , discussions of nuance and specificity centered on the semantic relations hyponymy and hypernymy 5 . Term frequency was developed by their domain experts in order to establish the relevance of different MetaMap semantic types and articles that displayed high frequency of relevant terms were ranked higher among articles that had lower frequencies. The prestige of the journal article was used to increase relevance because they believed that a journal that was highly recognized for accurate information would be more likely to contain a document relevant to the query. Then  , we present a fully unsupervised framework that implements all the functionalities provided by the general method. Two nodes va  , v b are connected from va to v b if the corresponding element e ab ∈ E is greater than α. The heterogeneous nature of the data and our approach to constructing semantic links between documents are what differentiate our work from traditional cluster-based retrieval. Similar to cluster-based retrieval  , we rank the verticals clusters based on their estimated relevance and ultimately select the top ranked verticals to choose items from. Our models assume that the questions in the dataset can be grouped into K distinct clusters and that each cluster has a distinct relevance prediction model as well. On the one hand  , this is a positive result: the models do not require a fine tuning of K. On the other hand  , this can make it difficult to assign semantic meaning to the clusters. Deviations from schema represented paths are called refractions and paths with many refractions are unlikely to be easily anticipated by users  , making them less predictable. The goal would be to efficiently obtain a measure of the semantic distance between two versions of a document. On the contrary  , HTML tags and other features such as keywords can be used in order to infer the relevance of changes. Contextual expansion methodologies i.e. These results demonstrate that our system can achieve close to the best scores for a few number of topics simply because we could not implement the semantic similarity measure to compute the tweet relevance due to time complexity limitation. This highlights the need to find a better similarity measure based on the semantic similarity rather than just textual overlap. One problem in judging relevance between a tweet and a linked resource is the tweet is limited to 140 characters while the resource could span thousands of characters. We formulate a combination of the new semantic change measure and the relevance prediction from the enhanced classifier to produce a normalized quantifiable intention strength measure ranging from -1.0 to 1.0 past to current intention  , respectively. Our second contribution is quantifying this temporal intention based on the enhanced model. Existing measures of indexing consistency are flawed because they ignore semantic relations between the terms that different indexers assign. Alternatively  , for request-oriented indexing  , where a document's retrievability is more important than the consistency of its representation  , the weights could be derived from searchers' relevance judgements. How to measure the similarity of events or road condition ? Only part 1 of the questionnaire was utilized  , which is composed of six semantic differentials mental demand  , physical demand  , temporal demand  , performance  , effort and frustration  , all rated between 0 and 100. After making a relevance judgment a NASA TLX questionnaire would be displayed. The general trend for most of the categories is that demand increases as size of document increases  , the exception being perceived performance where the values decrease as document size increases. We believe it achieves higher recall without losing precision of retrieval  , because documents usually have much more information than a query. This is approached by embedding both the image and the novel labels into a common semantic space such that their relevance can be estimated in terms of the distance between the corresponding vectors in the space. Given an unlabeled image  , the goal of zero-shot image tagging is to automatically tag the image with labels that have no training examples available. The page-level results of semantic prediction are inevitably not accurate enough  , due to the inter-site variations and weak features used to characterize vertical knowledge. Specially  , the attribute relevance vector of a data field D is computed by averaging over its member text nodes  , as A final problem of particular relevance to the database community is the manifest inability of NLIs to insure semantic correctness of user queries and operations. These are very significant challenges  , especially for transportable systems which are based on theoretical idealizations of language  , not the kind of slop that real users use. This issue is typically resolved by acknowledging these assessor differences and simply accepting the opinion of a single assessor. Image relevance was also considered to be a factor for this experiment. The subjective effort results also indicate that visual topics require less effort to judge in terms of subjective effort  , for example it was found that participants believed they had better performance for visual topics  , while for semantic topics  , the perceived mental workload and effort was greater. We validated this principle in a quite different context involving combination of the topical and the semantic dimensions 29. CombMNZ may be compared to a burden of proof  , gathering pieces of evidence: documents retrieved by several source IRSs are so many clues enforcing their presumption of relevance. In our research we focus on challenges that are presented by the growing use of on-line collections of digital items  , such as digitized text books  , audio books  , and video and mixed media content 1   , which require adequate browsing and search support. As the value nears zero  , the pictogram becomes less relevant; hence  , a cutoff point is needed to discard the less relevant pictograms. Using the semantic relevance values  , pictograms can be ranked from very relevant value close to 1 to not so relevant value close to 0. The aim of this work is to provide developers and end users with a semantic search engine for open source software. Preferences such as interest domain and programming language  , as well as characteristics of the application being developed along with a ranking method would improve the relevance of the returned results. It has also become clear that in order to arrive to an executable benchmark  , we needed to exclude significant parts of a semantic search system. Despite this  , our model could be applied in alternative scenarios where the relevance of an object to a query can be evaluated. The result of this step is a list of terms  , where each term is assigned with a single Wikipedia article that describes its meaning. The obvious approach would be to assess the magnitude or amount of change. We observe that even when there is no change in the entropy  , there is still an amount of information responsible for any variance in the probability distribution. The possible worlds semantics  , originally put forward by Kripke for modal logics  , is commonly used for representing knowledge with uncertainties. As part of the CLEF 2006 effort  , which shared the same set of topics as used in CLEF 2007  , the topics were categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard  , semantic/visual  , and geographic/general 5. CLEF 2007 is a set of 20 ,000 images  , 60 search topics  , and associated relevance judgements. The RSVP user interface is primarily designed for relevance assessment of video shots  , which are presented in a rapid but controllable sequence. The MediaMagic user interface contains tools for issuing queries text  , latent semantic text  , image histogram  , and concept queries  , displays ranked results lists and has an area for viewing and judging retrieved shots. Discovered semantic concepts are printed using bold font. s ≈ 14 i particle Table 1: Identifier-definitions for selected identifiers and namespaces extracted from the English Wikipedia  , the accumulated score s and the human relevance rankings confirmed    , partly confirmed    , not sure   and incorrect  . To do this  , we first cluster a large tweet corpus Tweets2011 and then calculate a trigonal area for each triplet ⟨query  , tweet  , cluster⟩ in a Figure 1: Overall system architecture latent semantic space. We tackle this problem by generating new contentbased features to represent the relevance of a tweet to a given query. Therefore  , by modeling both types of dependencies we see an additive effect  , rather than an absorbing effect. The evaluation results on ad hoc task show that entities can indeed bring further improvements on the performance of Web document retrieval when combined with axiomatic retrieval model with semantic expansion  , one of the state-ofthe-art methods. Each dimension of the latent space is represented by an entity and the query-document relevance is estimated based on their projections to each dimension. We utilized a similar methodology in SCDA. Later in 2  , polynomial semantic indexing PSI is performed by learning two low-rank mapping matrices in a learning to rank framework  , and then a polynomial model is considered to measure the relevance between query and document. The difference between CCA and PLS is that CCA utilizes cosine as the similarity function while PLS learns dot product. Although presented as a ranking problem  , they use binary classification to rank the related concepts. 4 study the problem of semantic query suggestion  , where each query is linked to a list of concepts from DBpedia  , ranked by their relevance to the query. Also  , our approach to target detection can be naturally applied to many real-world problems such as word sense disambiguations as well as semantic query suggestion with Wikipedia. A natural next step is to extend the binary judgements to multiple relevance levels. Euclidean distance only considers the data similarity  , but manifold distance tries to capture the semantic relevance by the underlying structure of the data set. An interesting thing is that the distance metric defined by EMR we name it manifold distance is very different with traditional metrics e.g. , Euclidean distance used in many other retrieval methods. As Gupta et al 10 comment the most successful systems are those which an organizing structure has been imposed on the data to give it semantic relevance. However  , systems such as these still require a meaningful entry point to the set  , which might be through a query tool  , or a structured browsing tool which provides some level of organization. However  , individual phrases and words might have multiple meanings and/or be unrelated to the overall topic of the page leading to miss-matched ads. Current proposals for XML query languages lack most IR-related features  , which are weighting and ranking  , relevance-oriented search  , datatypes with vague predicates  , and semantic relativism. In this paper  , we have described a new query language for information retrieval in XML documents. We have presented the new query language XIRQL which integrates all these features  , and we have described the concepts that are necessary in order to arrive at a consistent model for XML retrieval. Changes on a topic's representation involve the introduction of event-dependent features  , which bring along ambiguous semantic relevance to the topic. Topic characterisation in Social Media poses various challenges due to the event-dependent nature of topics discussed on this outlet. Therefore  , such methods are not appropriate to be applied on feature sets generated from LOD. Standard feature selection methods tend to select the features that have the highest relevance score without exploiting the semantic relations between the features in the feature space. Thus  , in this section  , we briefly review the literature and compare our approach with related literature. The work in the reported paper is related to several fields ranging from VoID data generation 5 ,4  , semantic indexing 18  , graph importance measures 20 ,12  , and topic relevance assessment 8 ,9 address similar problems. To retrieve better intention-conveying pictograms using a word query  , we proposed a semantic relevance measure which utilizes interpretation words and frequencies collected from a web survey. Six different images were shown to the participant for each topic  , the images varied for each combination of size and relevance  , for that topic. Most combinations contained multiple topics  , with the exception of easy/semantic  , easy/medium visual  , and very difficult/medium visual. Table 6 provides a matrix of the changes in relevance labels for the documents returned in the top position for each query Next  , we take a closer look at the changes brought about by the inclusion of metafeatures in the combination of latent semantic models. The queries we did find in the query logs are real  , provide a diversity of topics  , are highly relevant and fall within the common subset of query types supported by the majority of semantic search engines. Questions and candidate snippets are analyzed by our information extraction pipeline 13   , which extracts entity mentions  , performs within-document and cross-document coreference  , detects relations between entity mentions  , compute parse trees  , and assigns semantic roles to constituents of the parse tree. The second class of features attempt to capture the relevance of the snippet to the query. The features used for relevance prediction are an extension of those used in the 28. We pursue an approach that is based on a modulative relevance model SemRank  , that can easily using a sliding bar be modulated or adjusted via the query interface. In this paper  , we focus on ranking the results of complex relationship searches on the Semantic Web. Different from the convention of storing the index of each object with itself  , the LGM stores the knowledge as the links between media objects. The significance of the new context-based approach lies in the greatly improved relevance of search results. To this end we use a semantic metric that given a pair of words or phrases returns a normalized score reflecting the degree to which their meanings are related. Then  , the ESA semantic interpreter will go through each text word  , retrieve corresponding entries in the inverted index  , and merge them into a vector of concepts that is ordered by their relevance to the input text. The given text fragment is first represented as a vector of words weighted also by TFIDF. Our method does not require supervised relevance judgments and is able to learn from raw textual evidence and document-candidate associations alone. We show that our approach improves retrieval performance compared to vector space-based and generative language models  , mainly due to its ability to perform semantic matching 34. In the next step  , we would like to analyze the effect of usercontributed annotations and semantic linkage on the effectiveness of the map retrieval system. At the bottom of the screen  , YES/NO buttons allow users to submit a relevance judgement for this map/query pair. Measuring semantic quantities of information requires innovation on the theory  , better clarification of the relationship between information and entropy  , and justification of this relationship. Digital libraries technologies such as those related to information organization and retrieval deal with issues of semantics and relevance  , beyond pure engineering problems. This reconfirms previous observations that modeling dependencies via the use of proximity features within the MRF has more of an impact on larger  , noisier collections than smaller  , well-behaved ones. For example  , the presence of the term " neurologist " is unlikely to convey the same impact to a document's relevance as the presence of " astrocytosis. " Although all these phrases are important to diagnosing the patient described in the topic  , a significant amount of semantic meaning is lost when the key-phrases are removed from their contexts . In this representation  , the relevance of a tweet to a given query is represented via each topically formed cluster. Finally  , an average relevance score over a set of empirical threshold values triggered a tweet to be sent to the matching user for Task A within a few seconds after the tweet was originally created. We also calculated the semantic similarity of a new tweet with the tweets that were already sent to the users to minimize redundancy. They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. worked on snippet generation for a semantic search engine Sindice that indexes instance data 2. In contrast  , the definition of similarity in duplicate detection in early database research 1312 is very conservative  , which is mainly to find syntactically " almost-identical " documents. In many IR tasks document similarity refers to semantic " relevance " among documents  , which are could be syntactically very different but still relevant. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. Polynomial Semantic Indexing 232 PSI. Based on the assumption that users prefer those tweets related to the profile and popular in social media  , we consider social attributes as follow  ,  Then  , the semantic score and quality score are utilized to evaluate the relevance and quality of a tweet for a certain profile. When using the sketch tool subjects had to formulate a candidate image to serve as their query. The challenge for CBIR systems therefore is to provide mechanisms for structuring browsing in ways that rely upon the visual characteristics of images. The ranking score can be viewed as a metric of the manifold distance which is more meaningful to measure the semantic relevance. When manifold ranking is applied to retrieval such as image retrieval  , after specifying a query by the user  , we can use the closed form or iteration scheme to compute the ranking score of each point. For example  , the first retrieved image in the first case is the 34th image retrieved by Euclidean distance. We can use machine translation to translate contexts and citations and get two views Chinese-Chinese  , For monolingual context and citations Chinese-Chinese or English-English  , we adopt Supervised Semantic Index SSI 19 to model their relevance score. In this section  , we try to make use of the translated corpus to enhance MLSRec-I. The semantic association between the nodes is used to compute the edge weights query-independent while the relevance of a node to the query is used to define the node weight query- dependent. In this work nodes and edges of the page graph are assigned weights using both query-dependent and independent factors see 5. We then proposed different aspects for characterizing reference quality  , including context coherence  , selection clarity  , and reference relevance with respect to the selection and the context. We developed a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model to measure user interest. Given a semantic user query regarding the relevance of the extracted triples consisting of basic graph patterns and implemented as SPARQL query; a query expressed in natural language might be: " Retrieve all acquisitions of companies in the smartphone domain. " At the end of the KB Linking step  , we have textual triples which are mapped to KB triples either partly or completely. However  , according to 22 this may not be sufficient for more general and larger ontologies  , and thus  , the similarity should be a function of the attributes path length  , depth and local density. The Cranfield paradigm of retrieval evaluation is based on a test collection consisting of three components: a set of documents  , a set of information need statements called topics  , and a set of relevance judgments. A number of tasks are defined in TRECVID  , including shot detection  , story segmentation   , semantic feature extraction  , and information retrieval. The relevance is then computed based on the similarity between two bags of concepts. The proposed method is able to standardize the language used in topics and visits based on UMLS 1 and translate them into a language based on semantic codes provided by the thesaurus. In the digital age  , the value of images depends on how easily they can be located  , searched for relevance  , and retrieved. Images are semantic instruments for capturing aspects of the real world  , and form a vital part of the scientific record for which words are no substitute. The physician is interested in the immediate finding of articles where relevance is defined by the semantic similarity to some kind of prototype abstract delivered by the specialist. from a journal a real world example for a database containing medical document abstracts is given by the Journal of Clinical Oncology 1 . Our Foursquare dataset consisted of all checkins from 2011 and 2012 except December 2012 aggregated in 20 minutes bins by category and urban area. As mentioned before  , our semantic topic compass framework relies on incorporating the semantics of words into the feature space of the studied topic  , aiming at characterising the relevance and ambiguity of the these features. 5 how to enrich the space representation of the topic with the conceptual semantics of words. Hence  , this step extracts first the latent semantics of words under a topic  , and then incorporates these semantics into the topic's feature space. In summary  , the key contributions of this paper are as follows: 1 We present a novel image search system to enable users to search images with the requirement on the spatial distribution of semantic concepts. Experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed image search system  , including the new query formulation interface and the relevance evaluation scheme. In other words  , it would never be computationally possible to apply a semantic relevance check to millions of components. For this reason the combination of the three steps is the only practical way to retrieve components with reasonable precision from very large repositories like the web. Another advantage of the model is that we can use this model to capture the 'semantic'/hidden relevance between the query and the target objects. In this way  , the dependencies between different types of objects are modeled using the topic z. The richness of the SemRank relevance model stems from the fact that it uses a blend of semantic and information theoretic techniques along with heuristics to determine the rank of In this way  , a user can easily vary their search mode from a Conventional search mode to a Discovery search mode based on their need. Of special relevance to the fulfillment of the Semantic Web vision is automating KA from text and image resources. The goal of Knowledge Acquisition KA is to develop methods and tools that make the arduous task of capturing and validating an expert's knowledge as efficient and effective as possible. Automated KA systems take as input multimedia documents originally intended for human consumption only and provide as output knowledge that machines can reason about. The goal in IR is to determine  , for a given user query  , the relevant documents in a text collection  , ranking them according to their relevance degree for the query. In this paper we investigate the benefits of using the semantic content automatically extracted from text for Information Retrieval IR. A well equipped and powerful system should be able to compare the content of the abstracts regarding their semantics  , i.e. We argued in 14 that annotating medical images with information available from LODD can eventually improve their search and navigation through additional semantic links. But that comes with the condition of a context-dependent quality and relevance of established associations i.e. , alignments between clinical concepts which determines to which extent the search functionality can be improved. Although our preliminary results address the sensibility of the measures  , a detailed investigation using several document corpora is still needed to reflect different topics and sizes. So we can proceed from the assumption that visualizing search results taking semantic information into account has a positive effect on the efficiency when assessing search result relevance. The comparison of means also indicates that users performed significantly faster with the visualization approach compared to the list presentation. Semantic information for music can be obtained from a variety of sources 32. Then  , when a user enters a text-based query  , we can extract tags from the query  , rank-order the songs using the relevance scores for those tags  , and return a list of the top scoring i.e. , most relevant songs e.g. , see Table 1. The major shortcoming of treating a web page as a single semantic unit is that it does not consider multiple topics in a page. On the other hand  , a highly relevant region in a web page may be obscured because of low overall relevance of that page. We categorize links suggested by our system into four categories: C1  , correct links; C2  , missing interlayer concept; C3  , one-step errors  , suggest two sibling concepts or reverse the relation; C4  , incorrect relation. The score is treated as a distance metric defined on the manifold   , which is more meaningful to capturing the semantic relevance degree. By taking the underlying structure into account  , manifold ranking assigns each data point a relative ranking score  , instead of an absolute pairwise similarity as traditional ways. Their model favors documents most different in sentiment direction and in the arguments they discuss. The learned function f maps each text-image pair to a ranking score based on their semantic relevance. Unlike the uni-modal data ranking  , cross-modal ranking attempts to learn a similarity function f q  , d between a text query q and an image d according to a pre-defined ranking loss. The task is to estimate the relevance of the image and the query for each test query-image pair  , and then for each query  , we order the images based on the prediction scores returned by our trained ranking model. Specifically  , we use Clickture as " labeled " data for semantic queries and train the ranking model. In this paper  , we proposed a topic segmentation method which allows us to extract semantic blocks from Web pages using visual criteria and content presentation HTML tags. Our topic segmentation method allows to better estimate the relevance compared to the request Moreover  , we need an approach that can be generalized to represent the queries and documents that have never been observed in the search logs. 1 Thus  , how to represent both queries and documents in the same semantic space and explore their relevance based on the click logs  , remains a challenge. Near-duplicate detection is different from other Information Retrieval IR tasks in how it defines what it means for two documents to be " similar " . The third contribution is analyzing the progression of intention through time. Specifically we utilize the so-called " supervised semantic indexing " SSI approach 9. This model belongs to the " learning to rank " category 8 which learns the preference or relevance function by assigning a real valued score to a feature vector describing a query  , object pair. In this case  , the correspondence between a tree and the query is 4-valued  " t "   , " p "   , " pft  , " f. However  , semantic similarity neither implies nor is implied by structural similarity. The existing test-driven reuse approaches make signature matching a necessary condition to the relevance and matching criteria: a component is considered only if it offers operations with sufficiently similar signatures to the test conditions specified in the original test case. The subject is then required to give the relevance judgements on the results returned for the best query he/she chooses for the simple combination method. Because we use our model to simulate the simple combination method  , the queries for simple combination method are actually also sent to the semantic search service we developed to get the results. Web mash-ups have explored the potential for combining information from multiple sources on the web. Since Atomate uses a rule based system at its core  , emerging Semantic Web work pertaining to rule languages such as SWRL and RuleML  , and efficient chainers for these languages are currently of great relevance and interest to us well. In that case  , the complexity of the problem can be analyzed along the number of semantic paths retrieved Similar heuristics to those discussed in the first approach that use context to prune paths based on degree of relevance can also be used here. This approach has the advantage of not requiring any hand-coding but has the disadvantage of being very sensitive to the representational choices made by the source on the Semantic Web. As Rapoport 1953 put it  , it is about technical problems that can be treated independently of the semantic content of messages 25. It is not clear that NLP-based passage trimming offers better potential than simple synonym term based trimming. Second problem is that the model is more aggressive towards relevance due to the bias in the training dataset extracted from Mechanical Turk 80% Relevant class and 20% Non- Relevant. Indeed  , while the contribution of stop-words  , such as determiners and modals  , can be largely ignored  , unmatched named entities are strong indicators of semantic differences between the query and the document. As suggested by early probabilistic models we argue that analyzing directly unmatched terms may provide additional cues to the relevance of a candidate document to the query. The basic assumption of a cognitive basis for a semantic distance effect over thesaurus terms has been investigated by Brooks 8  , in a series of experiments exploring the relevance relationships between bibliographic records and topical subject descriptors. There is some evidence that RTs can be useful in retrieval situations. In the Chevy Tahoe example above  , the classifier would establish that the page is about cars/automotive and only those ads will be considered. In addition to increased click through rate CTR due to increased relevance  , a significant but harder to quantify benefit of the semantic-syntactic matching is that the resulting page has a unified feel and improves the user experience. In the end  , 30 identifiers 9.6% reached the ultimate goal and were identified as a semantic concept on Wikidata. For the strict relevance criterion  , the recall improved by 18% 0.048 to 33.2% 103 exactly correct definitions   , and the precision declined only slightly with 420 false positives to 19.7% F1 24.7%. The necessary probability values for sim Resnik and sim Lin have been calculated based on SAWSDL-TC  , i.e. , we counted the appearances of semantic concepts in the service collection and derived the probabilities from this observation. In the example at hand  , k=42 since every query and corresponding relevance set from SAWSDL-TC serves as a partition from the service set. To improve performance   , we automatically thin out our disambiguation graph by removing 25 % of those edges  , whose source and target entities have the lowest semantic similarity. Afterwards  , the entity candidate e i j of a surface form candidate set V i that provides the highest relevance score is our entity result for surface form m i . For example the word Bataclan  , referring to the Bataclan Theatre in Paris is commonly related to Entertainment  , however during the November 2015 terrorist attacks in France it became relevant to the Topic Violence. The objective is to identify features that are correlated with or predictive of the class label. From each mention  , a set of semantic terms is extracted  , and the number of mentions a term derives from can be used to quantify its relevance for a document. These terms can be obtained using KE techniques that identify mentions i.e. , snippets of text denoting entities  , events and relations. We define semantic relevance of a pictogram to be the measure of relevancy between a word query and interpretation words of a pictogram. The higher the ratio of a specific interpretation word of a pictogram  , the more that pictogram is accepted by people for that interpretation. Intuitively  , we can simply use cosine similarity to calculate the distance between W l and Ws. Next  , for each theme location l  , we determine the semantic relevance SemRel between l and a candidate snippet s by comparing the " word similarity " between W l and the set of words in s  , denoted as Ws. Our approach to structured retrieval for QA works by encoding this linguistic and semantic content as annotations on text  , and by using a retrieval model that directly supports constraint-checking and ranking with respect to document structure and annotations in addition to keywords. This paper presents an approach to retrieval for Question Answering that directly supports indexing and retrieval on the kind of linguistic and semantic constraints that a QA system needs to determine relevance of a retrieved document to a particular natural language input question. In this section we propose a method to make use of this information by encoding it into a feature weighting strategy that can be used to weight features in a tweet collection to address a topic classification task. Representing the feature space of a topic with the proposed framework in the polar coordinate system enhances the standard Euclidean vector space representation in two main aspects: 1 by providing a strength of the relative semantic relevance of a feature to a topic; 2 by augmenting the possible orientations of such relevance to the topic. Based on the axioms and corollaries above  , given a news web page  , we can first detect all its TLBIOs  , merge them to derive possible news areas  , and then verify each TLBIO based on their position  , format  , and semantic relevance to the news areas to detect all the news TLBIOs. Generally speaking  , vertical gap in between two vertically consecutive TLBIOs inside a news area is smaller than that in between a news area and its vertically adjacent non-news area. In case neither approach detects the Web answer in the corpus  , we simply browse through the paragraphs returned by the Indri IR system in the order of their relevance and select the first hit as the supporting document. We assume that the answer patterns in our pattern matching approach express the desired semantic relationship between the question and the answer and thus a document that matches one of the patterns is likely to be supportive . By choosing the structured retrieval approach instead of bag-of-words  , a QA system can improve recall of relevant sentences  , which can translate to improved end-to-end QA system accuracy and efficiency. In the " cooking recipe " case  , the performances cannot be improved even using page content  , since all the considered sites are effectively on the topic " cooking recipes "   , and then there is a semantic reason because such sites are connected . In 10 the content of pages is considered in order to propagate relevance scores only over the subset of links pointing to pages on a specific topic. Although Codd advised the community to include an accurate paraphraseand-verify step 4  , it seems that developed systems seldom take this requirement seriously and instead simply translate the user's query to SQL  , applied it and then presented the answers  , perhaps along with the SQL. We remove proper nouns because we observed that if a particular proper noun occurs in a news article and a reader comment frequently  , then the cosine similarity score will be high  , but the actual content of the comment and the news article might not be similar. The system estimates the semantic relevance between a comment and a news article by measuring the cosine similarity between the original news article and reader comment  , after all proper nouns have been removed from both. We would extract those facts as a whole  , noting that they might appear more than once in the abstract  , and then take both fact and term frequency into consideration when ranking the abstracts for relevance. In order to implement this principle  , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them  , as specified in the query topic. For simplicity  , we only discuss CLIR modeling in this section. This simplification is the standard practice in IR modeling  , as in the ubiquitous unigram language model e.g. , 35  , 3  , 23  , relevance models e.g. , 18  , 17 or topic model based retrieval models e.g. , 44  , 45  , 12; 2 We rely on the intuitions behind semantic composition models from the literature on distributional compositional semantics e.g. , 4  , 27. Updating the taxonomy with new nodes or even new vocabulary each time a new model comes to the market is prohibitively expensive when we are dealing with millions of manufacturers. The question of how the relationship between the symbol and the referent is to be established has been identified in Artificial Intelligence Research as the " Symbol Grounding Problem " . To capture how likely item t is to be an instance of a semantic class  , we use features extracted from candidate lists. To capture the relevance of item t to the query  , we use some TF/IDF-based features extracted from the top k search results  , D. For example  , snippetDF is the number of snippets in top k search results that contain item t. snippetDF and other frequency-based features are normalized using logf requency + 1. Because the Shout Out dynamic calls for a back-and-forth dialog between the news-reading and comment-reading anchors  , the system needs to associate each comment with the paragraph to which it is most relevant. In particular  , the CLOnE 5 and ACE Attempto Controlled English 4 work introducing controlled language languages CNL  , and related GINO 2 and GINSENG interfaces for guided input interfaces for CNLs were the basis of Atomate UI's design. Second  , the L p -norm distance form of the above model reflects the coverage of keywords  , and p ≥ 1 controls the strength of ANDsemantics among keywords. Based on the above mentioned three factors  , the relevance score of resource a for keywords K is computed by First  , N Ra  , ki is the normalized Ra  , ki in the range 0  , 1  , which reflects the the number of meaningful semantic path instances. A vector model solely based on word similarities will fail to find the high relevance between the above two context vectors  , while our context distance model does capture such relatedness. The program correctly identified the semantic closeness between the following two context vectors the two context vectors have a distance of 0.03012 – the relative large value means they are close: Note that the two contexts have only one overlapping words. For example  , the word " right " spatial concept in "right arm" would be assigned a very low weight  , as the main focus of the concept would be the arm and not which side the arm is in. Defining representative content has to focus on the technical side of the objects and cover the difference in structural expression of the content  , not the variety of the semantic content that the objects represent such as different motives shown in digital photographs. asp ?DefinitionKey=987 the contained embedded objects will be of interest  , as will be the variety of fonts referenced and the question whether some documents contain a change history and whether this history is considered of any relevance. Besides using statistical features such as term frequency  , proximity and relative position to the question key words  , our methods also include syntactic information derived through parsing  , and semantic features like word senses  , POS tagging and keyword expansion etc. There is a wide  , possibly infinite range of text features that can be designed to estimate the relevance of a candidate answer for the purpose of answer ranking. The main challenge for diversifying the results of keyword queries over RDF graphs  , is how to take into consideration the semantics and the structured nature of RDF when defining the relevance of the results to the query and the dissimilarity among results. This objective is not restrained to textual similarity only  , but takes also into account the semantic similarity of classes and properties inferred by the schema. As an alternative or auxiliary to directly aligning between standards and curricular resources on the one hand  , and trying to infer relevance from the structural and semantic similarity of standards across standard sets on the other  , the feasibility of standard crosswalking – that is  , inferring alignment in one set of standards based on alignments in another – has been explored; e.g. , 7 and 11. They do not  , however  , further pursue this aspect. 5 Hyponymy is the semantic relation in which the extension of a word is subsumed in the extension of another word e.g. Guidance was provided to modify the SMM in order to allow for a broader interpretation of relevance 4 RFP 103— " All documents which describe  , refer to  , report on  , or mention any " in-store "   , " on-counter "   , " point of sale "   , or other retail marketing campaign for cigarettes. " A guiding principle for us was that relevance of a topic should not be just based on individual terms or keywords  , such as genes or diseases  , but rather it should take into account the subject of the whole document. At the core  , most of these approaches can be viewed as computing a similarity score Sima ,p between a vector of features characterizing the ad a and a vector of features characterizing the page p. For the ad a such features could include the bid phrase  , the title words usually displayed in a bold font in the presentation  , synonyms of these words  , the displayed abstract  , the target URL  , the target web site  , the semantic category  , etc. The majority of the approaches proposed so far for estimating the relevance of a given ad to a given content  , and thus indirectly CTR  , are based on the co-occurrence of words or phrases within ads and pages 13  , 16  , 20 or on a combination of semantic and syntactic factors 4. However   , when compared to query centric retrieval  , this makes for a substantial difference at retrieval time: while query centric retrieval requires a relevance judgment for all types of images in the relevant class from a single example  , database centric retrieval only requires a similarity judgment for one image the query from the probability distribution of the entire class. In terms of implementation   , the only difference with respect to non-semantic retrieval is that one probability distribution is estimated per concept using all the images that contain the concept rather than per image. In the early days of the Web the lack of navigation plainness was considered as the navigation problem: users can get lost in a hyperspace and this means that  , when users follow a sequence of links  , they tend to become disoriented in terms of the goal of their original query and in terms of the relevance to their query of the information they are currently browsing 3. We believe that addressing the navigation problem in a hyper-environment is challenging but feasible  , because semantic annotations provide machines with the ability to access what readers normally consider shared contextual information together with the information which is hidden in the resource. It is probable  , however  , that this problem cannot be solved without performing time-consuming experimental rese~irch aimed at defining the influence on the size of retrieval system atoms of the variation of frequency of occurrence of index terms  , of the co-occurrence of index terms  , of the variation of the frequency of co-occurrence of index terms  , of the existence of semantic relations  , etc. Thus  , the problem to be solved is the development of a methodology which will allow us to order the document clusters according to the number of documents with formal relevance equal to unity which they contain. The latter three variables were based on the topic classifications defined in the ImageCLEF 2007 4  , 5 and allow us to investigate how the Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Users are also likely to want support for data types and 'semantic relativism': the former would  , for example  , enable searches for documents where //publicationDate is later than August 17  , 1982; the latter would allow markup as diverse as <doc publicationDate='October 27  , 1983'>.. and <publicationDate>October 27  , 1983</publicationDate> to match such a query. As Fuhr and Großjohann 6  note  , however  , such functionality requires operators for relevance-weighted search in place of boolean ones  , as well as DTD-specific information on what constitutes the relevant fragment of markup containing each search hit identified above with #. While other ontology-based IR approaches typically builds only on terminological knowledge e.g. , classes  , subclasses  , to the best of our knowledge our work is the first in exploiting such a variety of automatically extracted semantic content i.e. , entities  , types  , frames  , temporal information for IR. Similarly  , we can exploit the entities and the temporal content to better weigh the different relevance of documents mentioning dbpedia:Carl Friedrich Gauss and dbpedia:GAUSS software  , as well as to differently rank documents about Middle Age and 17th/18th centuries astronomers. An alternative strategy to cope with the problem is the approach based on statistical translation 2: A query term can be a translation of any word in a document which may be different from  , but semantically related to the query term; and the relevance of a document given a query is assumed proportional to the translation probability from the document to the query. Thus  , a query and a document  , represented as vectors in the lower-dimensional semantic space  , can still have a high similarity even if they do not share any term. While some projects have attempted to derive the semantic relevance of discrete search results  , at least sufficiently to be able to group them into derived categories after the fact 27  , the unstructured nature of the Web makes exploring relationships among pages  , or the information components within pages  , difficult to determine. Search results which produce pages of links create an implicit association among the pages  , insofar as the returned pages contain the words given  , but such an association can be distinct from a person's context informing the choice of those terms. In step 1  , we identify concept labels that are semantically similar by using a similarity measure based on the frequency of term co-occurence in a large corpus the web combined with a semantic distance based on WordNet without relying on string matching techniques 10. We base our recommendation procedure on this hypothesis and propose an approach in two steps: 1 for every D S   , we identify a cluster 2 of datasets that share schema concepts with D S and 2 we rank the datasets in each cluster with respect to their relevance to D S . In routing  , the system uses a query and a list of documents that have been identified as relevant or not relevant to construct a classification rule that ranks unlabeled documents according to their likelihood of relevance. We will expermission to make digitah~rd copies of ;L1l or patl of this motcriid without fee is granted provicicd hot the copies orc not Inaie or distributed for profit or commcrci:d mlv:mt:lgc  , lhu ACM c{pyright/ server notice. , the title of tlw puhlic:ltioo aod its d:llc :Iplc:ir  , :md notice is given th~t copyright c; h!y permission of Iw Associ:lti{~n I'or amine two different forms of dimensionality reduction  , Latent Semantic Indexing IS and optimal term selection  , in order to investigate which form of dimensionafity reduction is most effective for the routing problem. Results indicate  , not surprisingly perhaps  , that standard crosswalking can be successful if different standard-issuing agencies base their standard writing on a common source and/or a Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. 6 directly with stochastic gradient descent. 3 or Eqn. Initialization. This is done using stochastic gradient descent. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. Optimization. Unlike gradient descent  , in SGD  , the global objective function L D θ is not accessible during the stochastic search. Stochastic gradient descent SGD methods iteratively update the parameters of a model with gradients computed by small batches of b examples. However   , there are two difficulties in calculating stochastic gradient descents. To optimize the objective function of the Rank-GeoFM  , we use the stochastic gradient descent method. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method  , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. Based on the above derivation  , we can use the stochastic gradient descent method to find the optimal parameters. 25 concentrates on parallelizing stochastic gradient descent for matrix completion. However  , the application is completely different. 6 for large datasets is to use mini-batch stochastic gradient descent. 1 and Eq. The gradient has a similar form as that of J1 except for an additional marginalization over y h . This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. Random data sample selection is crucial for stochastic gradient descent based optimization. It is of the following form: 4  , stochastic gradient descent SGD is further applied for better efficiency 17  , and the iteration formulations are To solve Eqn. is based on stochastic gradient descent  , some parameters such as learning rate need to be tuned. Because Hogwild! N is the number of stochastic gradient descent steps. L is the average number of non-zero features in each training instance. Notice that the DREAM model utilize an iterative method in learning users' representation vectors. Then we update parameters utilizing Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD until converge. The objective function can be solved by the stochastic gradient descent SGD. 2-4; ||·|| indicate the 2- norm of the model parameters and λ is the regularization rate. Stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization . the selected documents in Sr−1  , as defined in Equation 4  , and S0 is an empty set. This makes each optimization step independent of the total number of available datapoints. Notice that the normalization factor that appears in Eq. We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: The main difference to the standard classification problem Eq. We further propose a method to optimize such a problem formulation within the standard stochastic gradient descent optimization framework. We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: This reduces the cost of calculating the normalization factor from O|V| to Olog |V|. Then  , the following relation exists between Stochastic gradient descent is a common way of solving this nonconvex problem. It is straightforward to include other variables  , such as pernode and common additive biases. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. Also  , stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization. Pr·|· stands for the probability of the ranking  , as defined in Equation 5. In the M-step  , we fix the posteriors and update Λ that maximizes Equation 8. Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the   , S i−1 . where u  , i denote pairs of citing-cited papers with non-zero entries in C. In experiments  , we used stochastic gradient descent to minimize Eq. That is , As O is computed by summing the loss for each user-POI pair  , we adopt the stochastic gradient descent SGD method for optimization . 2 is minimized. This behavior is quite similar to stochastic gradient descent method and is empirically acceptable. The objective function of LFH-Stochastic has a major trend of convergence to some stationary point with slight vibration. Inspired by Stochastic Gradient Descent updating rules  , we use the gradient of the loss to estimate the model change. It measures model change as the difference between the current model parameters and the parameters trained with expanded training set. When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. If A is a D × D matrix  , this problem corresponds to the work in 13; if A is a d × D matrix where d < D  , this problem corresponds to the work in 18. In order to use gradient descent to find the weight values that maximize our optimization function we need to define a continuous and differentiable loss function  , F loss . In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. Yet  , selecting data which most likely results in zero loss  , thus zero gradients  , simply slows down the optimization convergence. Often  , regularization terms The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. BPTT is to iteratively repeat the calculation of derivations of J with respect to different parameters and obtain these gradients of all the parameters in the end. Joint Objective. Each iteration of the stochastic gradient descent in PV-DBOW goes through each word exactly once  , so we use the document length 1/#d to ensure equal regularizations over long and short documents. Strictly speaking the objective does not decouple entirely in terms of φ and ψ due to the matrices My and Ms. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. The problem can be solved by existing numerical optimization methods such as alternating minimization and stochastic gradient descent. Regularization terms such as the Frobenius norms on the profile vectors can be introduced to avoid overfitting. In our implementation  , we use the alternating optimization for its amenability for the cold-start settings. SGD requires gradients  , which can be effectively calculated as follows: Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. Section 5 combines variational inference and stochastic gradient descent to present methods for large scale parallel inference for this probabilistic model. Section 4 addresses the hidden graph as a random graph. This is can be solved using stochastic gradient descent or other numerical methods. Given an estimate F *   , the problem is reduced to estimating maximum entropy model parameters λ that minimizes the quadratic loss in Equation 4. We alternatively execute Stage I and Stage II until the parameters converge. In Stage II  , we maximize the model likelihood with respect to U and Ψ   , this procedure can be implemented by stochastic gradient descent. where w i is the hypothesis obtained after seeing supervision S 1   , . Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the Retrospectively  , this choice now bears fruit  , as the update exists as an average amenable to stochastic gradient descent. We are able to sample graphs from qH according to Section 4. The mini-batch size of the stochastic gradient descent is set as 1 for all the methods. All the embedding vectors are finally normalized by setting || w||2 = 1. It is similar to batch inference with the constrained optimization problem out of minimizing negative log-likelihood with L2 regularization in Equation 5 replaced by Stochastic gradient descent is used for the online inference . For optimization  , we just use stochastic gradient descent in this paper. where σ −1 i represents the item ranked in position i of σ  , and |Ru| is the length of user u's rating profile. It is a fairly standard and publicly available procedure  , which require no any special knowledge or skills. In fact  , we considered  , also  , model N4 -matrix factorisation via stochastic gradient descent 11  , but it did not produce any significant improvement. In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. in the training set  , for which the correct translation is assigned rank 1. Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. Many methods are available to optimize the objective function above. The prediction of a diverse ranking list is then provided by iteratively maximizing the learned ranking function. Details on how the model is optimized using Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD are given in Section V. This is followed by experiments in Section VI. In Section IV the proposed ranking loss is described in detail. First  , the number of positive examples would put a lower bound on the mini-batch size. This na¨ıvena¨ıve approach to construct the mini-batches for stochastic gradient descent has two main drawbacks. Thus  , next we show how to address this issue such that we can use stochastic gradient descent effectively. 6  , is the limiting factor to draw individual samples from each hypothesis set. Inspired by stochastic gradient descent method  , we propose an efficient way of updating U  , called stochastic learning . per iteration  , and ON 2  memory is needed to store S. Such cost in both computation and storage is unacceptable when N grows large. Considering the data size of the check-in data  , we use stochastic gradient descent 46 to update parametersˆUparametersˆ parametersˆU C   , ˆ V C   , andˆTandˆ andˆT C . Thus  , we only need to estimate the gradient with a very small subset 10 −4 sample rate is adopted in our method of training pairs sampled from R at each iteration. In recommendations   , the number of observations for a user is relatively small. Since the objective − log py decomposes into the sum of the negative log marginals  , we can use stochastic gradient descent with respect to users for training with GPFM. We create CNNs in the Theano framework 29 using stochastic gradient descent with momentum with one convolutional layer  , followed by a max-pooling layer and three fully connected layers. We wish to run our own standard CNN over the 85 problems as a benchmark to understand how it compares to other competing approaches before comparing MCNN to the state of the art. All the CLSM models in this study are trained using mini-batch based stochastic gradient descent  , as described by Shen et al. In practice  , however  , we did observe the data sizes to be comparable across all three datasets during this study. With the negative log marginal given in equation 15  , learning becomes an optimization problem with the optimization variables being the set {X  , X bias   , θ  , σ}. Finally  , after we obtain these parameters  , for a user i  , if the time slot of her next dining is k  , the top-K novel restaurants will be recommended according to the preference ranking of the restaurants  , which is given as We use stochastic gradient descent 45 to solve this optimization problem. Since the number of parameters is large and there are tremendous amount of training data  , we use stochastic gradient descent SGD to learn the model  , since it is proven to be scalable and effective. First  , we look at the top layer weights for field pairs: We develop a Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD based optimization procedure to learn the context-aware latent representations by jointly estimating context related parameters and users' and items' latent factors. We instantiate the proposed framework using biased MF model  , a popular MF based model for rating prediction. This is not a very restrictive assumption since we use stochastic gradient descent which requires to take small steps to converge. We assume that F x; w changes slowly for not affected values and more so for values for which gradients are applied. The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. Method 1 is one of the most effective approaches for rating prediction in recommender systems 21  , 28  and has been extensively studied in the machine learning literature see for example 25  , 37  , 36  , 22  , 35  , 27 . Since there is no closed form solution for the parameters w and b that minimize Equation 1  , we resort to Stochastic Gradient Descent 30  , a fast and robust optimization method. The second term is introduced for regularization  , where λ controls the strength of regularization. First  , existing OWPC is developed for ranking problem with binary values  , i.e. , relevance or irrelevance  , while in this paper we extend the objective function to rank POIs with different visiting frequencies  , and provide the solutions for stochastic gradient descent optimization. Our proposed method differs from the existing approaches 20  , 21  in two aspects. We employ stochastic gradient descent to learn the parameters   , where the gradients are obtained via backprop- agation 12  , with fixed learning rate of 0.1. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. The remainder of this paper is concerned with a ranking formulation for binary hypothesis sets that allows top-1 prediction within the given hypthesis set as well as classification of that top-1 choice. In Section 6  , we show state of the art results on two practical problems  , a sample of movies viewed by a few million users on Xbox consoles  , and a binarized version of the Netflix competition data set. While we might be able to justify the assumption that documents arrive randomly   , the n-grams extracted from those documents clearly violate this requirement. However   , stochastic gradient descent requires that training examples are picked at random such that the batched update rule 4 behaves like the empirical expectation over the full training set 11. This makes the framework well suited for interactive settings as well as large datasets. Our framework is based upon examining the data in time slices to account for the decayed influence of an ad and we use stochastic gradient descent for optimization . where #d is the number of words in d  , || d|| is the norm of vector d and γ is a hyper-parameter that control the strength of regularization. As an output  , our model produces not only test.predictions  , but  , also  , train.predictions  , which maybe used for smoothing similar to 4. Autonomous Motion Department at the Max-Planck- Institute for Intelligent Systems  , Tübingen  , Germany Email: first.lastname@tue.mpg.de for some subsets of data points separating postives from negatives may be easy to achieve  , it generally can be very hard to achieve this separation for all data points. Section 4 defines CyCLaDEs model. Section 3 describes the general approach of CyCLaDEs. CyCLaDEs source code is available at: https://github.com/pfolz/cyclades 3 . If the structure exceeds w entries  , then CyCLaDEs removes the entry with the oldest timestamp. Otherwise  , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. The setup environment is composed of an LDF server  , a reverse proxy and different number of clients. More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. In this paper  , we propose CyCLaDEs an approach that allows to build a behavioral decentralized cache hosted by LDF clients. 2 summarizes related works. Section 5 reports our experimental results. Figure 3b describes the results obtained with CyCLaDEs activated. This behavior promotes the local cache. Figure 5 shows that performances of CyCLaDEs are quite similar. We vary profile size to 5  , 10 and 30 predicates. The main contributions of the paper are: More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. Hit-ratio is measured during the real round. Each single user  , and each community of users  , can dynamically activate its own/shared working space. The CYCLADES information space is thus potentially very large and heterogeneous. The current release of the CYCLADES system does not fully exploit the potentiality of the CS since it uses the CS only as a means to construct virtual information spaces that are semantically meaningful from some community's perspective. CYCLADES includes a recommender system that is able to recommend a collection to a user on the basis of his own profile and the collection content  , so all resources belonging to a collection are discovered together. The requirements of both these systems highlighted the need for a virtual organization of the information space. In this section we exemplify what we have described so far by presenting two concrete applications in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET systems. The set of these archives is not pre-defined  , but new archives can be added over the lifetime of the system. In particular  , in these experiments we generated randomly 200 collections using Dublin Core fields. This is demonstrated by a set of experiments the we carried out on a CYCLADES configuration that was working on 62 OAI compliant archives. Figure 3 shows a measure of this improvement. Moreover  , the list of ISs specified in the RC can be exploited by the CYCLADES search and browse services to improve their performance. Finally  , Section 5 describes our future plans. Section 4 illustrates how this logical architecture has been implemented in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET DL systems and the advantages that the introduction of this service has brought to the their functionality. Figure 3apresents results of the LDF clients without CyCLaDEs. The RPS view size and CON view size are fixed to 4 ,9 for 10 clients  , 6 ,15 for 50 clients  , and 7 ,20 for 100 clients. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. In this paper  , we presented CyCLaDEs  , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. In the previous section we have introduced the general functionality of the CS and its logical architecture. In CyCLaDEs  , we want to apply the general approach of Behave for LDF clients. The available items are also personalized  , they are based on the behavior of the client rather than a temporal locality. If the predicate belongs to the profile  , the frequency of this predicate is incremented by one and the timestamp associated to this entry is updated. Figure 7shows clearly that CyCLaDEs is able to build two clusters for both values of profile size. For example  , an edge 1 → 2 means that the client 1 has the client 2 in its CON view. In particular  , it has been possible to: -simply organize the different user communities  , allowing for the different access rights. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality. CYCLADES provides a suite of tools for personalizing information access and collaboration but is not targeted towards education or the uniqueness of accessing and manipulating geospatial and georeferenced content. Our model is similar to DLESE although the latter does not support an interactive map-based interface or an environment for online learning. Section 3 presents the functionality of the CS and provides a logical description of its internal architecture . This has the effect of reducing both false positives  , i. e. useless documents that fail to fulfill the user's needs  , and false negatives  , i. e. useful documents that the system fails to deliver  , from the retrieved set. Behavior cache reduces calls to an LDF server  , especially  , when the server hosts multiple datasets  , the HTTP cache could handle frequent queries on a dataset but cannot absorb all calls. CyCLaDEs improves LDF approach by hosting behavioral caching resources on the clients-side. CyCLaDEs aims at discovering and connecting dynamically LDF clients according to their behaviors. Compared to other caching techniques in the semantic web  , the LDF cache results of a triple pattern  , increasing their usefulness for other queries  , i.e  , the probability of a cache hit is higher than the caching of a SPARQL query results. The CYCLADES system users do not know anything about the provenance of the underlying content. In particular  , the list of ISs and generic information about them  , such as their name  , a brief textual description of their content  , etc. , are provided by the Access Service itself. They create their own collections by simply giving a MC that characterizes their information needs and do not provide any indication about which are the ISs that store these documents. Services such as search and browse are activated on the restricted information space described by the collection  , but this is the only customization option. Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. The CS does not support collection specific services  , i. e. all the users perceive the same services in their working space. Furthermore  , resources aggregated in a collection can be found more easily than if they were disjoint. foundation for more informed statements about the issues critical to the success of our field. At the minimum  , we hope that the OAI will create a framework for serious investigation of these issues and lay the 13 http://cinzica.iei.pi.cnr.it/cyclades/  , 14 http://www.clir.org/diglib/architectures/testbed.htm. For example  , Smeaton and Callan 29 describe the characteristics of personalization  , recommendation  , and social aspects in next generation digital libraries  , while 1  , 26 describe an implementation of personalized recommender services in the CYCLADES digital library environment. In response  , there has been much research exploring the principles and technologies behind this functionality. Performing SPARQL queries and navigating on the web are different in terms of the number of HTTP calls per-second and clients profiling. The promising results we obtained during experimentations encourage us to propose and experiment new profiling techniques that take into account the number of transferred triples and compare with the current profiling technique. By reducing the information space to a meaningful subset  , the collections play the role of a partitioning query as described in 10  , i. e. they define a " searchable " subset of the documents which is likely to contain the desired ones. Note that the gathering of the service descriptions and the generation of the service functions is periodically repeated in order to accommodate the possible changes in the underlying DL infrastructure. We consider the CS we described in this paper as a first prototype of a more general " mediator infrastructure service " that can be used by the other DL services to efficiently and effectively implement a dynamic set of virtual libraries that match the user expectations upon the concrete heterogeneous information sources and services. The CYCLADES system is now available 5 and the SCHOLNET access address will be published soon on the OpenDLib web site 6 . ADEPT supports the creation of personalized digital libraries of geospatial information  " learning spaces "  but owns its resources unlike in G-Portal where the development of the collection depends mainly on users' contributions as well as on the discovery and acquisition of external resources such as geography-related Web sites. G-Portal shares similar goals with existing digital libraries such as ADEPT 1  , DLESE 9 and CYCLADES 5 . CYCLADES 3 is an OAI 6 service provider that implements an open collaborative virtual archive service environment supporting both single scholars as well as scholarly communities in carrying out their work. Precision is defined as gcd/gcd+bcd and recall is defined as gcd/gcd+gncd were gcd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are found  , bcd is the number of documents that do not belong to the collection that are found also called false positives and gncd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are not found also called false negatives. The Collection Service described here has been experimented so far in two DL systems funded by the V Framework Programme  , CYCLADES IST-2000-25456 and SCHOLNET IST-1999-20664  , but it is quite general and can be applied to many other component-based DL architectural frameworks. The CS presented in this paper implements a new approach for supporting dynamic and virtual collections  , it supports the dynamic creation of new collections by specifying a set of definition criteria and make it possible to automatically assign to each collection the specialized services that operate on it. Run dijkstra search from the final node as shown in Fig.6. Run dijkstra search from the initial node as shown in Fig.5.2. Thus  , Dijkstra quickly becomes infeasible for practical purposes; it takes 10 seconds for 1000 services per task  , and almost 100 seconds for 3000 services per task. The runtime of Dijkstra significantly increases  , as the number of services per task increases. There are  , however  , important differences. The language was influenced significantly by the Dijkstra " guarded command language " 4 and CSP lo . For each node  , add the costs computed by the two dijkstra searches. In Fig.8  , this is shown as pointer b. Dijkstra's point was important then and no less significant now. Dijkstra makes this observation in his famous letter on the GOTO statement  , Dijkstra 69 observing that computer programs are static entities and are thus easier for human minds to comprehend  , while program executions are dynamic and far harder to comprehend and reason about effectively. Boolean assertions in programming languages and testing frameworks embody this notion. Dijkstra says " a program with an error is just wrong " 10. Selected statistics can be found in Table 2. The Reverse Dijkstra heuristic is as described in Section 3.2.3 and shows significant improvement. These operations are executed through the standard semaphore technique Dijkstra DijSS using only one lock type. In this solution only the locking and unlocking operations are valid. Channels and variables may either be local or global. This approach provides a clean  , powerful method for working with a program specification to either derive a program structure which correctly implements the specification  , or just as important to identify portions of the specification which are incomplete or inconsistent. The most significant recent advance in programming methodology has been the constructive approach to developing correct programs or "programming calculus" formulated in Dijkstra 75  , elaborated with numerous examples in Dijkstra 76  , and discussed further in Gries 76. This heuristic only searches over the 2D grid map of the base layer with obstacles inflated by the base inner circle. The heuristic for the planner uses a 2D Dijkstra search from the goal state. The robot in this comparison is a differentially driven wheelchair and the lower bound eq. Assume there is a known minimal Figure 6shows the performance of Branch and Bound compared with Dijkstra. The first  , an optimistic heuristic  , assumes that all possible matches in the sequences are made regardless of their order in the sequence. The VLBG creates a graph where each node corresponds to a state that the vehicle may visit. The current implementation of the VLBG it is based upon a graph search technique derived from Dijkstra search. During the ARA* search  , the costs for applying a motion primitive correspond to the length of the trajectory and additionally depend on the proximity to obstacles. Using Dijkstra or other graph searching methods  , a path between the start and goal configuration is then easily found. In general  , these configurations are not present in the roadmap  , so they are added to the roadmap using the local planner. Finally  , the GETHEURISTIC function is called on every state encountered by the search. Notice that this takes O|V | 2 log|V | since the graph G is fully connected using a binary heap for the Dijkstra priority queue. The robot then uses a Dijkstra-based graph search 20 to find the shortest path to the destination. This information  , along with the CS positions in the robot frame  , and with the map  , identifies the robot pose position and orientation. Program building blocks are features that use AspectJ as the underlying weaving technology . Their method  , called Horizontal Decomposition HD  , decomposes programs hierarchically a la Dijkstra 11 using levels of abstraction and step-wise refinement. The colors have the following semanticsWhen marking is over  , all the reachable objects have been detected as such and examined  , and are therefore black. According to Dijkstra  , at any given time an object has one of three colors. For the same workflow size  , GA* 100  , NetGA 100 and NetGA 50 maintain runtime ratios of about 4:2:1 regardless of the number of services per task. The purpose of this circular region is to maintain an admissible heuristic despite having an underspecified search goal. The base heuristic is calculated by running a 2D Dijkstra search for the robot base for which the goal region is defined by a circle centered around the x  , y projection of the goal pose. On the contrary  , the " shortest path " also called " geodesic " or " Dijkstra "  distance between nodes of a graph does not necesarily decrease when connections between nodes are added  , and thus does not capture the fact that strongly connected nodes are closer than weakly connected nodes. In short  , two nodes are considered as similar if there are many short paths connecting them. In any case  , whichever way has been followed to actually build the program  , it is illuminating to be able to study and examine it by increasing levels of details at the reader's convenience. Well known works by Dijkstra DIJK72  , Wirth WIRT 71  , Gries GRIE 73 and others have assessed the usefulness of deriving a program in a hierarchical way. As a consequence our ability to manage large software systems simply breaks down once a certain threshold complexity is approached. It was pointed out by Dijkstra that the structural complexity of a large software system is greater than that of any other system constructed by man 3  , and that man's ability to handle complexity is severely limited DI ,D2. In his 1968 letter  , Dijkstra noted that the programmer manipulates source code as a way to achieve a desired change in the program's behaviour; that is  , the executions of the program are what is germane  , and the source code is an indirect vehicle for achieving those behaviours. A video demonstration can be found online: http://cs.uwaterloo.ca/~rtholmes/go/icse11demo. We are reaching the point where we are willing to tie ourselves down by declaring in advance our variable types  , weakest preconditions  , and the like. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. The third component is identification of documents for human relevance assessment. The common thread here is that the most plausible experiments are on real or realistic data; search tasks such as to find the documents on computer science in a collection of chemical abstracts seeded with a small number of articles by Knuth and Dijkstra are unlikely to be persuasive Tague-Sutcliffe  , 1992. No one advocates or teaches this style of description  , so why do people use it instead of the more precise vocabulary of computer science ? In fact  , Edsgar Dijkstra was so offended by the frequency of such talk that he suggested instituting a system of fines to stamp it out 12. One of the ways in which object-oriented programming helps us to do more  , to cope with the everincreasing variety of objects that our programs are asked to manipulate  , is by encouraging the programmer to provide diverse objects with uniform protocol. Edsger Dijkstra has written eloquently of " our inability to do much " 5. We selected Prevayler because it was used as a case study for an aspect-oriented refactoring method by Godil  , Zhang  , and Jacobsen 1428. If the precomputations would have to be run often  , we suggest not using the precomputations and instead running the Dijkstra search in AFTERGOAL with an unsorted array Section IV-B.1. a new path is added or the environment changes  , the precomputations would need to be re-run. We found that this makes all methods slower by 0.02s but it avoids the need for precomputation. While this heuristic captures some information about obstacles in the environment  , it does not account for the orientation of the robot. The heuristic for a state x  , y  , ✓ of the robot is then the Dijkstra distance from the cell x  , y to the goal. We used the idea of motion compression in order to apply Dual Dijkstra Search to motion planning of 7 DOF arm. The way to avoid an obstacle differs in two figures  , and these motions can be used as motion can- didates. The latter corresponds to placing a state-dependent conditions akin to Dijkstra guards on the servicing of PI operation 12 HRT-UML draws from the Ravenscar Profile the restrictions on the use of these invocation constraints. The former caters for controlled access to shared resources. E. W. Dijkstra  , in his book on structured pro- gramming 7   , describes a backtracking solution with pruning   , which we implemented in Java for the purpose of our experiment. The problem of N-Queens involves placing N queens on an N × N chess board so that no queen can take any of the others. We will see that there is a direct route from Newton via Dijkstra to the programme put forward by Gaudel and her collaborators 7 ,8. As an illustration of the power of these ideas  , as applied to Software Engineering  , we can look at specification based testing and quickly see how this framework illuminates our discussions of testing. Accordingly  , the marking agent successively examines all the reachable objects  , In order to remember which objects have already been examined  , and which ones still need to be  , the agent uses three color marking  , a method introduced by Dijkstra et al. Marking is done according to Definition 2. It then receives the results of the simulation and creates a final cost to be passed back to the BG module based on rules for combining the output of the individual KD overlays. Depending on the result of the graph search  , the robot will approach and follow another street repeat the corresponding actions in the plan  , or stop if the crossing corresponds to the desired destination. l'm afraid that this particular problem will be a long time in going away. The automatic generation of weakest assumptions has direct application to the assume-guarantee proof; it removes the burden of specifying assumptions manually thus automating this type of reasoning. Intuitively  , the weakest assumption can be related to the notion of a weakest precondition as given by Dijkstra 12 . We will briefly examine why these ideas are misguided based as they are on intuition about the nature of testing and how they may be reformulated to take account of scientific principles. This is shown in Figure 2c  , where a state with a smaller Dijkstra distance heuristic was sampled in the narrow passage. When the search is " stuck "   , DMHA* randomly samples a state in the vicinity of the local minimum such that the sampled state has a smaller baseline heuristic than the local minimum state. Algebraic axioms are particularly apt for describing the relationships between operations and for indicating how these operations are meant to be used. Algebraic specification approaches such as OBJ 6 and Larch 7 and input/output predicate approaches such as Hoare 10  , Alphard 29  , Dijkstra 3  , and Anna 15 represent some of the ways in which a system builder might describe the semantics of system objects. We also foresee that pruned landmark trees could be dynamically updated under edge insertions and deletions using techniques similar to those outlined in Tretyakov et al. The methods were presented for the case of undirected unweighed graphs  , but they can be generalized to support weighted and directed graphs by replacing BFS with Dijkstra traversal and storing two separate trees for each landmark – one for incoming paths and another for outgoing ones. To copy otherwise  , to republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. This reasoning led Dijkstra and others to advocate the notions Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. With k = 100 and r = 5 the PLT approach underperforms only slightly in terms of accuracy  , yet requires 10 times less space and 5 times less time per query. To make software evolution easier  , Dijkstra 9 and Parnas 18 recommended that any particular program be developed as though it is a member of a family of potential programs that share some common properties  , facilitated through appropriate abstraction of these commonalities. There is no published empirical proof that the programming technique of systematic software reuse reduces program development time  , duration  , cost  , skill-requirements  , or defect-density on any practicalscale project &lo  , 11 ,211. Among the more important concepts in systems  , languages  , and programming methodology during the last several years are those of data type Hoare 72  , clean control structure Dijkstra 72  , Hoare 74  , and capability-based addressing Fabry 74. Section 4 closes the paper with a critical evaluation of the system in light of the claims made in Cohen/Jefferson 75 and the goals cited in Section 2. However  , an additional and ultimately more important reason for skyrocketing software costs arises from the fact that current large software systems are much more complex by any measure of complexity than the systems being developed 25 years ago or even ten years ago. The second component is a set of queries that might reasonably be applied to that collection. The concept of program families evolved into the notion that reusable assets focused on a well-defined domain  , in the context of a domain-specific architecture  , show more promise in reducing development time 2 ,6 ,22. This ratio inand hence ~speedupnducsll~thesquarerootoftheradiusofthe largest domain  , and hence our earlier observation that the benefit of our scheme decreases as the domains am made bigger by decreasing the total manber of domains. if we are linding shortest distance between points that are farther apgt the effort ratio will be considerably less than 1 and there would be substantial speed UP- Thus  , the ratio of effort in tinding shortest distance between two points p r and p  ? , using our procedme compared to Dijkstra  , is OS% p&Q. These concepts are contributing to an increasingly coherent object-oriented view of programming  , manifested in the language developments of the Alphard and CLU groups Jones/Liskov 76  , in the systems work of Hydra at Carnegie-Mellon Wulf 74  , Wulf 75 and similar systems e.g. , at the University of California Lampson/Sturgis 76  , Cambridge Needham 72  , RA/LABORiA Ferrie 76  , Plessey Telecommunications England 74  , SRI Robinson 75  , and others at Carnegie-Mellon University Habermann 76  , Jones 77  , and in the continuing work on the Multics system Schroeder 77. In order to compare to DBSCAN  , we only use the number of points here since DBSCAN can only cluster points according to their spatial location. As the granularity approaches zero  , the regions returned by STING approach the result of DBSCAN. Moreover  , DBSCAN requires a human participant to determine the global parameter Eps. However  , the complexity of DBSCAN is OMogN. DBSCAN parameters were set to match the expected point density of the bucket surface. These outliers were removed using DBSCAN to identify low density noise. Basically  , DBSCAN is based on notion of density reachability. 14  recently analyze places and events in a collection of geotagged photos using DBSCAN. DBSCAN must set Eps large enough to detect some clusters. Thus make it even tougher for DBSCAN to detect density region. proposed the Incremental-DBSCAN in 2. Ester et al. introduced an incremental version of DBSCAN 10. DBSCAN makes use of an R* tree to achieve good performance. DBSCAN is able to separate " noise " from clusters of points where " noise " consists of points in low density regions. The authors illustrate that DBSCAN can be used to detect clusters of any shape and can outperform CLARANS by a large margin up to several orders of magnitude. In DBSCAN a cluster is defined as a set of densely-connected points controlled by  which maximize density-reachability and must contain at least M inP ts points. Two parameters must be set for DBSCAN: and M inP ts. Since a cluster in DBSCAN contains at least one core object  , MinP ts also defines the minimum number of objects in a cluster. The parameters  , Eps and MinP ts  , are critical inputs for DBSCAN. DBSCAN has two parameters: Eps and MinPts. i.e. , we do not consider conditions on other attributes. K to approximate the result of DBSCAN. a =in order Eps' . The value that results in the best performance is shown in the graphs for DBSCAN. , 10. It uses R*-tree to achieve better performance. DBSCAN can separate the noise outliers  and discover clusters of arbitrary shape. The consolidated stoppage points are subsequently clustered using a modified DBSCAN technique to get the identified truck stops. Clusters are then formed based on these concepts. In DBSCAN  , the concepts of core objects and reachability are defined. Kisilevich et al. DBSCAN expands a cluster C as follows. in such a way that the ordering conditions of Figure 2still hold. On the flip side  , DBSCAN can be quite sensitive to the values of eps and MinPts  , and choosing correct values for these parameters is not that easy. The main advantages of DBSCAN are that it does not require the number of desired clusters as an input  , and it explicitly identifies outliers. We define the speed-upfuctor as the ratio of the cost of DBSCAN applied to the database after all insertions and deletions and the cost of m calls of IncrementalDBSCAN once for each of the insertions resp. Now  , we can calculate the speed-up factor of IncrementalDBSCAN versus DBSCAN. Applied to the gene expression data  , DBSCAN found 6 relatively large clusters where the fraction of genes with functional relationships was rather small. For each run of DBSCAN on the biological data sets  , we chose the parameters according to 5 using a k-nn-distance graph. We estimate that DBSCAN also runs roughly 15 times faster and show the estimated running time of DBSCAN in the following table as a function of point set cardinality. We discovered that CLARANS is approximately 15 times faster in our configuration than in the configuration specified in Est96 for all data sizes. In this paper  , we assumed that the parameter values Eps and MinPts of DBSCAN do not change significantly when inserting and deleting objects. Even for rather large numbers of daily updates  , e.g. , 25 ,000 updates in a database of l ,OOO ,OOO objects   , we obtained speed-up factors of more than 10 versus DBSCAN. The figures depict the resulting clusters found by DBSCAN for two different values for and a fixed value for M inP ts; noise objects in these figures are shown as circles. Figure 1show an example where no global density threshold exists that can separate all three natural clusters  , and consequently  , DBSCAN cannot find the intrinsic cluster structure of the dataset. However  , it requires the setting of two parameters: DBSCAN does not require the definition a-priori of the number of clusters to extract. The results and evaluations are reported in Section 5. In Section 4 we introduce DBSCAN with constraints and extend it to run in online fashion. ,and rdel  , the whole databases wereincrementally inserted and deleted  , although& = 0 for the 2D spatial database. First  , our proposal performs consistently better than the best DBScan results obtained with cmin = 3. In all cities  , we observe the same two main results. In DBSCAN  , the density concept is introduced by the notations: Directly density-reachable  , Density-reachable  , and Densityconnected . from a data point p   , given a radius E p s . However  , because objects are organized into lineal formations  , the larger Eps is  , the larger void pad is. Each cluster is a maximum set of density-connected points. DBSCAN is a typical density-based method which connects regions with sufficiently high density into clusters. We implemented PreDeCon as well as the three comparative methods DBSCAN  , PROCLUS  , and DOC in JAVA. In this section  , we present a broad evaluation of Pre- DeCon. CHAMELEON requires the setting of the number of clusters to he sought  , which is generally not known. DBSCAN proved very sensitive to the parameter settings. We can see that DBSCAN is 2-3 times slower than both SPARCL and Chameleon on smaller datasets. For swiss-roll we use K = 530. Eps and MinPts " in the following whenever it is clear from the context. For a detailed presentation of DBSCAN see We omit the term " wrt. In the case of DBSCAN the index finds the correct number of clusters that is three. The results from running CURE can be interpreted in a similar way. Comparison with DBSCAN. In addition   , the list of attributes metabolites exhibiting low variance in each cluster give useful hints for further medical research. Concluding remarks are offered in Section 4. In Section 3  , we provide an experimental evaluation comparing our approach to previous approaches  , such as DBSCAN and OPTICS. WaveCluster  , after much tweaking of its settings   , came close to finding the visually obvious clusters. The resulting point cloud is a smooth continuous surface with all outliers removed. Scalability experiments were performed on 3d datasets as well. We can see that DBSCAN makes the most mistakes  , whereas both SPARCL and Chameleon do well. The tripwise LTD file records are indexes of consolidated stoppages made during trips. The DBSCAN technique was modified with KD-trees to reduce the computational complexity. These values for the constraints were decided after observing the experimental results. The local clusters are represented by special objects that have the best representative power. In 8 a distributed version of DBSCAN 3  is presented . Note that the definition of " Noise " is equivalent to DBSCAN. The following notions are necessary to take into account disconnectivity constraints. 1 who propose a hierarchical version of DBSCAN called OPTICS. The problem of finding global density parameters has also been observed by Ankerst et al. In some cases  , where the density among clusters differ widely  , there is not even a single set of parameter values for and M inP ts that allows to extract the real cluster structure of a dataset for DBSCAN 8. Table 2. shows an example of records that could be mistakenly clustered together by DBSCAN without an integrity check. In a real author disambiguation system  , it generally is desirable to guarantee certain integrity property of each clus- ter. However  , there may be applications where this assumption does not hold  , i.e. Once these features are removed the remaining point cloud consists of a dense cluster of payload points with a few outliers introduced from dust. Of course  , in this example DBSCAN itself could have found the two clusters. In the example it will generate the two clusters C 1   , A 1  and C 2   , A 2  visualized in Figure 1b. DBSCAN successfully identifies different types of patterns of user-system interaction that can be interpreted in light of how users interact with WorldCat. With regards to RQ1 cluster stability scores range from 0.20 to 0.96. k since for each core point there are at least MinPts points excluding itself within distance Eps. The reason is that the density of any area inside the clusters detected by DBSCAN is at least MinPts + 1 Eps' . Streemer on the other hand first finds candidate clusters and then only merges them if the resulting cluster is highly cohesive. If there is a string of points connecting two clusters  , DBSCAN will merge the clusters. A region query returns all objects intersecting a specified query region. Then  , DBSCAN visits the next object of the database D. The retrieval of density-reachable objects is performed by successive region queries. An object o is directly density reachable from another object o if it is not farther away than a given density radius ε and o is surrounded more than θ objects. The distribution of these points is shown in Fig 9. DBSCAN is used to cluster the entire data set. Increment of 2mm along X and Y axes is taken to search for the singularity points. For OP- TICS  , M inP ts is set to a fixed value so that density-based clusters of different densities are characterized by different values for . If p is a border object  , no objects are density-reachablefromp and p is assigned to the noise.  We complement our quantitative evaluation with a qualitative one Section 5. We find that it is more effective than DBSCAN in discovering functional areas in those three cities. But in high-dimensional spaces the parameter ε specifying the density threshold must be chosen very large  , because a lot of dimensions contribute to the distance values. So MinP ts must be large enough to distinguish noise and clusters. In our application of DBSCAN  , all the terms in documents were tokenized  , stemmed using Porter stemmer  , and stopwords were removed. These experiments also showed the favorable effect of detecting outliers. Distance between documents was computed as 1 -cosine similarity. Advantages of these schemes include the ability to segment non convex shapes  , identify noise  , and automatically estimate the number of partitions in a data set. We use SNN 3 for the former and DBSCAN 2 for the latter. Section 2 surveys related work  , while Section 3 describes the pairwise profile similarity function. To find a cluster  , DBSCAN starts with an arbitrary object p in D and retrieves all objects of D density-reachable from p with respect to Eps and MinPfs. lemma 1 and 2 in EKSX 961. In this example  , P-DBSCAN forms better clusters since it takes local density into account. Accordingly  , objects {g  , h  , i  , j  , k  , l  , m} are grouped into the second cluster . it computes clusters giving each dimension equal weights. Points that are not core and not reachable from a core are labeled as noise. However  , even for these small datasets  , the spectral approach ran out of memory. Table 1 summarizes the clusters and shows mean values for the original features  , as well as stability scores. DBSCAN produced a group of 10 clusters from the log data with around 20% classified as 'noise' – points too far away from any of the produced clusters to be considered for inclusion and discarded from further analyses. In relation to DBSCAN unstable clusters represent data points that should either have formed part of another cluster or should have been classified as noise. However   , before drawing inferences from the resulting clusters it is essential to validate the results to reduce the possibility that the clusters were identified by chance and do not actually reflect differences in the underlying data. Aside from being easy to implement and having an agreeable time complexity  , DBSCAN has many relevant advantages including its capacity to form arbitrarily shaped clusters and to automatically detect outliers. If the number of clusters was less than 5  , the remaining documents were picked from the highest ranked outliers. DBSCAN's ability to distinguish between points of varying density is limited while SNN can identify uniformly low density clusters by analysing the shared nearest neighbours between points. More recent hierarchical methods such as DBSCAN 2  , OPTICS 13  , CURE 10 or SNN 3  overcome these drawbacks by simultaneously detecting clusters based on density connectivity and identifying low density points as noise. Knowledge of previous objects can be maintained for short durations if temporally occluded or when an object is missed due to the number of matched key-points dropping below the minP ts threshold required by DBSCAN. Here we introduce a self-supervised classifier for associating currently detected clusters with previously found objects. Streemer also requires similar parameters  , but we found that it is not sensitive to them. DBSCAN can find clusters of arbitrary shapes  , but it requires the specification by the user of the parameters Eps and MinPts and is very sensitive to their values. Obviously  , the larger void pad is  , the more chance to include noise data into a cluster  , which can cause chain affection   , and hence lower quality of density. We propose the following two definitions to measure the quality of density in DBSCAN. Density-based methods identify clusters through the data point density and can usually discover clusters with arbitrary shapes without a pre-set number of clusters. As we can see SPARCL also perfectly identifies the shape-based clusters in these datasets. To summarize   , Chameleon is able to perfectly cluster these datasets  , whereas both DBSCAN and CURE make mistakes  , or are very dependent on the right parameter values to find the clusters. In this section we present the empirical results of SSDB- SCAN and compare it with DBSCAN and HISSCLU. For the performance measure we used the Rand Statistic 8  , which measure the agreement between two sets of clusters X and Y for the same set of n objects as: According to the density-based definition  , a cluster consists of the minimum number of points MinPts to eliminate very small clusters as noise; and for every point in the cluster  , there exists another point in the same cluster whose distance is less than the distance threshold Eps points are densely located. DBSCAN does not require the number of clusters as an input parameter. From results presented in Section 4  , the indications are that the most unstable clusters clusters 8  , 9 and 10 should probably have formed part of other more stable clusters. One possible reason for this could be the fact that the parameter of DBSCAN is a global parameter and cannot be adjusted per-cluster. Points with fewer than minP ts in their ǫ neighbourhood are considered as noise within the DBSCAN framework  , unless on the boundary of a dense cluster. We found that setting minP ts to 10 is a good compromise between the number of false clusters and missing clusters. This classifier is initialised with the initial clusters found in the first pair of frames and then incrementally updated there after. Also note that k = 0 represents the static cluster from RANSAC while k = 1.. K is a unique identifier for the individual dynamic clusters found using DBSCAN for the current frame. In a data warehouse  , however  , the databases may have frequent updates and thus may be rather dynamic. Such queries are supported efficiently by spatial access methods such as R*trees BKSS 903 for data from a vector space or M-trees 4 IncrementalDBSCAN DBSCAN  , as introduced in EKSX 961  , is applied to a static database. The night sky is one example; as the magnification level is adjusted  , one will identify different groupings or clusters. When a radius is defined  , as in DBSCAN  , or some related parameter   , a particular view is being set that has an equivalence to viewing a density plot with a microscope or telescope at a certain magnification. Figure 2illustrates results of FIRES in comparison to SUBCLU  , and CLIQUE applied on a synthetic dataset containing three clusters of significantly varaying dimensionality and density. We apply DBSCAN to generate the baseclusters using a parameter setting as suggested in 8 and as refinement method with paramter settings for ε and minpts as proposed in Section 3.4. Parameter values of = 0.4 and M inP ts = 200 were chosen through empirical investigation. Previous work in person name disambiguation can be generally be categorized as either supervised or unsupervised approaches. Furthermore  , our work combines a streaming DBSCAN method along with constraints requirements that are not only at the instance level  , but also at the cluster level. For instance  , Deng  , Chuang  , and Lemmens  , 2009 use DBSCAN to cluster Flickr photos   , and they exploit tag co-occurrence to characterize the discovered clusters. In one line of work  , the concentration of social online activity is used to determine interesting geographic regions of cities. Additionally  , if we were to pick the minimum-cost solution out of multiple trials for the local search methods  , the differences in the performance between BBC-Press vs. DBSCAN and Single Link becomes even more substantial  , e.g. The performance difference between our method BBC-Press and the other three methods is quite significant on all the five datasets  , given the small error bars. We made similar observations when we applied DB- SCAN to the metabolome data: the computed clusters contained newborns with all sorts of class labels. Finally  , the notion of the representative trajectory of a cluster is provided. TRACLUS clusters trajectories as line segments sub-trajectories independently of whether the whole trajectories belong to different or the same clusters; for this reason a variant of DBSCAN for line segments is proposed 14. DBSCAN requires as input global values for and M inP ts  , which are typically difficult to set  , and in many cases  , a global density level will not reveal the complete cluster structure in the data. Clusters 1 and 2 account for 54% of the sessions with stability scores of 0.87 and 0.85 respectively. Our work  , on the other hand  , introduces cluster level constraints in addition to instance level constraints. As a result  , the result of STING approaches that of DBSCAN when the granularity approaches zero. z examine the area around it within distance d to see if the density is greater than c. This is equivalent to check if the number of points including itself within this area is greater than c x nd2 = k + 1. In fact  , for some situations Figure 4 d to f  , DBSCAN and Single Link Agglomerative give slightly worse than random performance resulting in ARI values that are slightly below 0. Density-based techniques like DBSCAN 4  , OPTICS 2 consider the density around each point to demarcate boundaries and identify the core cluster points. Finding the appropriate parameters for DB- SCAN and identifying cluster boundaries in OPTICS are challenges to the user. We do not consider the redundant projections of all subspace clusters generated by the Apriori style of SUBCLU and CLIQUE but only concentrate on the true clusters hidden by the data generator. In our experiments  , it only requires 3 minutes to deal with one-day user logs of 150 ,000 queries. During our experiments  , DBSCAN outperformed CLARANS 8 by a factor of between 250 and 1900  , which increases with the size of the database. With respect to RQ2 cluster stability scores can be used help determine the optimum number of clusters and evaluate the " goodness " of the resulting clusters 7. When setting the speed-up factor to 1.0  , we obtain the number of updates denoted by MaxUpdates up to which the multiple application of IncrementalDBSCAN for each update is more efficient than the single application of DBSCAN to the whole updated database. Figure 10: MaxUpdates depending on database size for different relative frequencies of deletions For DBSCAN we do not show the results for DS4 and Swiss-roll since it returned only one cluster  , even when we played with different parameter set- tings. For the larger DS4 dataset SPARCL has an order of magnitude faster performance  , showing the real strength of our approach. Since there are a lot of noise data  , DBSCAN with larger Eps is likely to include those noise data and cause chain affection  , forming serval larger clusters instead of small individual clusters. We also observed that the relative performance between U-AHC and F OPTICS  , and between F DBSCAN and U-AHC did not substantially vary with the dataset. 2 We also performed a preliminary tuning phase to properly set the number of samples s for accuracy evaluation; in particular  , for each method and dataset  , we chose s in such a way that there was no significant improvement in accuracy for any s > s.  turn. Figure 10depicts the values of MaxUpdates depending on n for fde values of up to 0.5 which is the maximum value to be expected in most real applications. Ranking the words according to their scores. Figure 3: Precision by BASIC and BCDRW for 48 books 6. In whatever experiments  , the BCDRW method significantly outperforms the BASIC method. The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. The improvements of precision and popular tag coverage are statistically significant  , both up to more than 10%. BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W  , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking  , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. The whole transition matrix is then written as follows: Interpretations to a book vary much in different reviews  , just as Shakespeare said  , " There are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes " . As the GRASSHOPPER did  , we divide BCDRW into three steps and introduce the detail as follows: Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. These three input parameters have already been introduced before. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2.