By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. A combination of the downhill simplex method and simulated annealing 9 was used. Thus  , we use an optimization method based on the downhill simplex method 9  , which is a kind of direct search method. Through repetitively replacing bad vertices with better points the simplex moves downhill. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. We used the simplex downhill method Nelder and Mead 1965 for the minimization. 4.3 on a training data set. If the temperature T is reduced slowly enough  , the downhill Simplex method shrinks into the region containing the lowest minimum value. Downhill Simplex method approximates the size of the region that can be reached at temperature T  , and it samples new points. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. For doing that  , the downhill Simplex method takes a set of steps. Figure 1shows appropriate sequences of such steps. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. There are many different schemes for choosing Δλ. As a downhill simplex method  , an initial guess of the intrinsic camera parameters is required for further calculation . Due to space limitation  , we will not enumerate these results here. This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. Then  , the intensity p 0 was estimated from the retweet sequence of interest by using the fitting procedure developed in section 3.3. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. Simulated annealing is a capable of crossing local minima and locating the global minimum 6. At high temperatures most moves are accepted and the simplex roams freely over the search space. Therefore while any move that is a true downhill step will be accepted  , some additional uphill steps will also be accepted. A simplex is simply a set of N+l guesses  , or vertices  , of the N-dimensional statevector sought and the error associated with each guess. For example we are solving for six registration parameters translation and rotation; therefore the simplex has 7 vertices and the error associated with each of the vertices. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. In contrast  , Nelder and Mead's Downhill -Simplex method requires much stricter control over which policies are evaluated. The robust downhill simplex method is employed to solve this equation. Since the W matrix has only four independent parameters  , four point matches in t ,he whole set of three image frames are minimally sufficient to solve for W matrix using equation 23. In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. There is a generator of random changes which is a procedure that takes a random step from λ to λ + Δλ. After finding out the results of t evaluations  , each robot could then independently perform the calculation to determine the next policy  ?r and continue with the next iteration. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. , NDCG by using the Simulated Annealing which uses a modification of downhill Simplex method for the next candidate move to find the global min- imum. Some other approaches for directly optimizing IR measures use Genetic Programming 1  , 49 or approximate the IR measures with the functions that are easy-to-handle 44  , 12. We store current rules in a prefix tree called the RS-tree. We can sort predicates and patterns based on this order. sort represents a flatten-structure transformation with sort. descendant represents a flatten-structure transformation using descendant axis and constructs a tree whose size is 66.7% of the input XML data. A sort instance element can be expanded to re-run its associated query and display the results. The graph is displayed as a tree hierarchy  , with sort instances as leaf elements. Using auxiliary tree T   , recursive function sort csets is invoked to sort the component sets. Note that non-leaf node of T is numbered according to its order of merging. When an item is inserted in the FP-tree  , sort the items in contingency weight ascending order. The first node of root in the FP-tree has item-id and pointer. Updates may cause swapping via the bubble sort  , splitting  , and/or merging of tree nodes Updates to DB does not lead to any swapping of tree nodes  old gets changed. Finally  , conclusions are presented in Section 6. Sort-based bulk loading KF 93 refers to the classical approach of sorting and packing the nodes of the R*-tree. Hilbert values. This approach makes the hest use of the occurrence of the common suffix in transactions  , thereby constructing a more compact tree structure than F'P-tree. The only difference is that one needs to sort the path according to L before inserting it into a new P-tree. However  , in many other cases  , it requires rescanning the entire updated database DB in order to build the corresponding FP-tree. Specifically  , it was designed to produce the FP-tree of the updated database  , in some cases  , by adjusting the old tree via the bubble sort. In this way  , at each point the node being inserted will become the rightmost leaf node in T after insertion. To do this  , we use the following strategy: We sort the input leaf set according to the pre-order of tree T. Starting with an empty tree T   , we insert nodes into the tree in order. Therefore  , each projection uses B-tree indexing to maintain a logical sort-key order. Since we assume that WS is trivial in size relative to RS  , we make no effort to compress data values; instead we represent all data directly. This information is made available to further relational operators in the relational operator tree to eliminate sort operations. the rows are in depth-first order of the nodes in the subtree. Since each partition of Emp is presorted  , it may be cheapest to use a sort-merge join for joining corresponding partitions. The second query tree uses the join predicate on city and repartitions the Dep table. index join  , nested loops join  , and sort-merge join are developed and used to compare the average plan execution costs for the different query tree formats. Analytic cost functions for hash-join. New human computer interaction knowledge and technology must be developed to support these new possibilities for autonomous systems. Can we use some sort of task lattice or tree  , to represent and interface the distributed tasks underway towards goals and subgoals ? This problem is more serious than FELINE because it uses the bubble sort to recursively exchange adjacent tree nodes. As a result  , the ordering of items needs to be adjusted. The other approach  , which we call Sorted-Tuples-based bulk loading  , is even simpler. A query that produces many results is hurt more by a blocking Sort and benefits more from a semi/fully pipelined pattern tree match physical evaluation. The overall speedup depends on the number of results in each query. C-Store organizes columns into projections sets of columns and each projection has a sort-key 25. However  , if space is really an issue  , we can resort to a sparse B+ tree index. By traversing elements from the root element to elements with atomic data  , we obtain large 1-paths  , large 2-paths  , and so on  , until large n-paths. Then we sort elements on path by tree levels. The restructure of the Ptree consists of similar insertions in the first step. Second  , OVERLAP prunes edges in the search lattice  , converting it into a tree  , as follows. The attributes at each node of the search lattice are then ordered to be subsequences of this sort order. 1 sort the attribute-based partition  , compressing if possible 2 build a B-Tree like index which consists of pointers beginning and end to the user-specified category boundaries for the attribute. Data Page Relational query optimization  , however  , impacts XQuery semantics and introduces new challenges. SQL Server 2005 also introduces optimizations for document order by eliminating sort operations on ordered sets and document hierarchy  , and query tree rewrites using XML schema information. It tries to do better than Parent by overiapping the computation of different cuboids and using partially matching sort orders. As in the Parent method  , the Overlap method computes each cuboid from one of its parents in the cuboid tree. The concern model is a connected graph  , defining a view over the system that is complementary to Eclipse's standard package explorer. Serialization of an XML subtree using the XML_Serialize operator serves as an example. Now  , as our target in TREC is to find an " optimal " ranking function to sort documents in the collection  , individuals should represent tentative ranking functions. Figure 1ashows an example of a tree which represents the expression X + Y*Z. It does not offer immediate capability of navigating or searching XML data unless an extra index is built. 8 first shred the XML tree into a table of two columns  , then sort and compress the columns individually. So the performance increase is higher for such queries – e.g. As mentioned earlier  , the sort-merge join method is used. Executor traverses the query plan tree and carries out join operations sequentially according to join sequence numbers determined by Optimizer. Thus the load for computing the tree and hence for testing the hypotheses varies. This is a result of the possibility to sort out a different number of facets during the construction of the lists Sij. The experiments that we performed with our datasets showed that the performance of R+-tree was better than R*-tree for our application. To reduce CPU cost for redundant comparisons between points in an any two nodes  , we first screen points which lie within c-distance from the boundary surface of other node and use sort-merge join for those screened points. The tree node corresponding to the last item of the sorted summary itemset represents a cluster  , to which the transaction T i belongs. For each transaction  , T i   , if its summary itemset SI Ti is not empty  , we sort the items in SI Ti in lexicographic order and insert it into the prefix tree. Instead of inserting records into a B+-tree as they arrive  , they are organized in-memory into sorted runs. The first technique stores the records lazily in a B+-tree file organization clustered by the specified key  , and is based on external merge-sort. If the database contains data structures other than Btrees   , those structures can be treated similar to B-tree root nodes. It may be worth to point out  , however  , that prior research has suggested employing B-tree structures even for somewhat surprising purposes  , e.g. , for run files in external merge sort G 03. We note that the depth first traverse of the DOM tree generally matches the same sequence of the nodes appearing in the webpage. First  , we sort the candidate nodes by their positions in the depth first search of the DOM tree. If the first triple pattern in this list has only one join variable  , we pick this join variable as the root of the tree embedded on the graph Gjvar as described before. Tree root selection: After initialization  , in a join query with n triple patterns  , we sort all the triple patterns first in the order of increasing number of triples associated with them. Query compilation produces a single query plan for both relational and XML data accesses  , and the overall query tree is optimized as a whole. So  , it works well in situations that follow the " build once  , mine many " principle e.g. , interactive mining  , but its efficiency for incremental mining where the database is changed frequently is unclear. For these kinds of data  , it is in general not advisable or even not possible to apply classical sort-based bulk loading where first  , the data set is sorted and second  , the tree is built in a bottom-up fashion. We are primarily interested in creating indexes from non-traditional index structures which are suitable for managing multidimensional data  , spatial data or metric data. Bulk loading of a B+-tree first sorts the data and then builds the index in a bottom-up fashion. Sort-based bulk loading is a well established technique since it is used in commercial database systems for creating B+-trees from scratch. Due to its enhanced query planner  , the tree-aware instance relies on operators to evaluate XPath location steps  , while the original instance will fall back to sort and index nested-loop join. Hooks are installed in both back-ends to generate a graphical presentation of the chosen query plans much like in Figure 3. Each disk drive has an embedded SCSI controller which provides a 45K byte RAM buffer that acts as a disk cache on read operations. These services include structured sequential files  , B' tree indices  , byte stream files as in UNIX  , long data items  , a sort utility  , a scan mechanism  , and concurrency control based on file and page lock- ing. This chaining method passes label information between classifiers  , allowing CC to take into account label correlations and thus overcoming the label independence problem. It sort of builds a binary tree  , where each link in the chain is extended with a 0 or 1 label association. In addition to changes in the item ordering  , incremental updating may also lead to the introduction of new items in the tree. This can be computationally intensive because the bubble sort needs to  apply to all the branches affected by the change in item fre- quency. While performing the pruning step as elaborated before  , we use some simple statistical optimization techniques. Join indexes can now be fully described. To perform searches using the sort key  , one uses the latter B-tree to find the storage keys of interest  , and then uses the former collection of Btrees to find the other fields in the record. This is confirmed in the corresponding reduced plan diagram where the footprints disappear. The reason for this behavior is that both plans are of roughly equal cost  , with the difference being that in plan P2  , the SUPPLIER relation participates in a sort-mergejoin at the top of the plan tree  , whereas in P7  , the hash-join operator is used instead at the same location. Kl'I'S83  , on the ollwr hand  , concentrates on the speed of the sort-engine and no1 the overall performance of the Grace hash-join algot-ithm. First  , in GOODXl  , it is hard to factor out the infu encc of the X-tree architecture and the parallel readout disks on the results ohtaincd. Then the Hilbert value ranges delineated by successive pairs of end marker values in the sorted list have the prop erty that they are fully contained within one block at each level of each participating tree. We sort the full set Of 6Qj F values and delete any duplicates. The human may set goals into the autonomous system  , and then later be called on to enter tasks to help the system reach either cognitive or manipulation subgoals. For multidimensional index structures like R-trees  , the question arises what kind of ordering results in the tree with best search performance. Assuming that an appropriate ordering exists  , sort-based bulk loading is not limited to one-dimensional index structures  , but can also be applied to OP-trees  , since OP-trees support insertions of entire trees. STON89 describes how the XPRS project plans on utilizing parallelism in a shared-memory database machine. File services in Gamma are based on the Wisconsin Storage System WiSS CHOUSS . However  , since the focus of this research is on write-optimized B-trees  , we do not pursue the topic further. The groups of hits were ranked based on the Panoptic rank of their top document; the Panoptic ranks were also used to sort hits within each group. The experimental or hierarchic interface  , depicted in Figure 2and described in Box 1  , grouped the search results based on c ommonality of URL parts sub-domain and path and displayed them in a one level tree. However  , if segmentation is performed separately after Kd-tree search finishes  , additional time is required to sort the data points whose computational time is ether ON  or OK log K where K is the number of the data points found within the hyper-sphere. After finding all the data points within the hypersphere   , these points have to be grouped into segments. At each level of this hierarchy   , only a single B+-tree exists unless a merge is currently performed   , which creates temporary trees. In terms of this approach  , LHAM can be considered to perform a 2-way merge sort whenever data is migrated to the next of Ii components in the LHAM storage hierarchy. The functions insert and insert-inv receives the " abstract " bodies defined there. o if QUEUE is fully abstract not implemented  , this means that its sort of interest queue is implemented as a derived type of tree  , as indicated in section 3. For example  , AlphaSort 18  , a shared-memory based parallel external sort  , uses quicksort as the sequential sorting kernel and a replacement-selection tree to merge the sorted subsets. The multi-stage approach used in our implementation is similar to the one used in parallel disk-based sorts 1 in our case  , the external storage is the off-chip main-memory  , not disk. The services provided by WiSS include sequential files  , byte-stream files as in UNIX  , B+ tree indices  , long data items  , an external sort utility  , and a scan mechanism. File services in NOSE are based on the Wisconsin Storage System WiSS CDKK85. Then  , it analyzes the available indexes and returns one or more candidate physical plans for the input sub-query. For each request see Figure 2  , an access path generation module first identifies the columns that occur in sargable predicates  , the columns that are part of a sort requirement   , and the columns that are additionally referenced in complex predicates or upwards in the query tree. After we sort the succeeding samples at each node in the tree  , the last several branches are likely to be pruned by strategy 3 because they contain only those samples that have the least increase in coverage. As mentioned earlier  , pruning strategy 2 can improve the efficiency of pruning strategy 3. For a particular class of star join queries  , the authors investigate the usage of sort-merge joins and a set of other heuristic op- timizations. The paper considers a star schema with UB-Tree organized fact tables and dimension tables stored sorted on a composite surrogate key. We can see that subsets having larger coverage are searched first in this case. We sort  , in descending order  , the samples in rSample based on their scores so that in the sub-tree of node cSample = {s 1   , s 2 }  , sample s 4 and s 5 will be added first followed by s 3 and s 6 . During the optimization of a single query  , the optimizer issues several access path requests henceforth called index requests  , or simply requests for different subqueries . In the context of non-traditional index structures  , the method of bulk loading also has a serious impact on the search quality of the index. Different maximal OTSP sets are incorporated in different branches of the tree. The idea is to force relationships between pairs of nodes until G becomes a complete set  , i.e. , ∀ nodes x  , y ∈ G and for any predicate p  , either px  , y or ¬px  , y holds in G. In particular  , all nodes in a maximal OTSP sets are totally ordered using a topological sort. Next  , a top-down pass is made so that required order properties req are propagated downwards from the root of the tree. Observe that new required order properties are generated by:  NOP if its child is a Sort operator i.e. , if the original query includes an Order By clause  ,  Group and Unique which require inputs to be grouped on the grouping attributes  ,  Join operators  , each of which splits any required order property it inherits into separate required order properties for its child nodes according to the rules of A curious pattern  , similar to footprints on the beach  , shows up in Figure 9  , obtained with Q7 on the OptA optimizer  , where we see plan P7 exhibiting a thin cadet-blue broken curved pattern in the middle of plan P2's orange region . For example  , with reference to Figure 2: if the cursor lies within the framed region  , then an R command will replace Figure 2with Figure 1; if the cursor is outside the framed region  , then an R command with replace Figure 2with "queen problem" The D command allows the cursor to go beyond the boundary of the current abstraction  , a sort of return command for an abstraction. Let us point ont that the R command can help a programmer to freely inspect a n d / o r amend various parts of his program without carefully planning an ordered tree traversal. In a data warehouse environment where the dimensions are quite different and hence it may be difficult to come up with a well-defined Hilbert-value it might still be better to select a dimension and to sort the data according to this dimension KR 98. Other experiments DKL+ 94 revealed that the search performance of the R-trees built by using Hilbert-ordering is inferior to the search performance of the R*-tree BKSS 90 when the records are inserted one by one. A sequential file is a sequence of records that may vary in length up to one page and that may be inserted and deleted at arbitrary locations within a file  , Optionally  , each file may have one or more associated indices that map key values to the record identifiers of the records in the file that contain a matching value. The services provided by WiSS include sequential files  , bytestream files as in UNIX  , Bt tree indices  , long data items  , an external sort utility  , and a scan mechanism. However  , this optimization can lead to starvation of certain types of transactions. The carry-over optimization can yield substantial reductionq in the number of lock requests per transaction . The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with single-point contact. Active constraints prevent µ max from being further increased by the optimization. to increase efficiency or the field's yield  , in economic or environmental terms. These data should be used for optimization  , i.e. The optimization problem presented in Section II is strongly limited by local mimima see Section IV-B for examples. Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. It combines a global combinatorial optimization in the position space with a local dynamic optimization to yield the global optimal path. The search for the optimal path follows the method presented in lo. For some scenarios  , our strategies yield provably optimal plans; for others the strategies are heuristic ones. We present optimization strategies for various scenarios of interest. Otherwise  , the resulting plans may yield erroneous results. Furthermore  , many semantic optimization techniques can only be applied if the declarative constraints are enforced. A notification protocol waq designed to handle this case. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with two-point contact. These parts tend to be shorter. Why this popular approach does not often yield the least deviation is explained by example. Section 2 addresses the drawback of the least-square optimization. The optimization yields the optimal path and exploits the available kinematic and actuator redundancy to yield optimal joint trajectories and actuator forces/torques. A finite-difference method is used to solve the boundary value problem. Other  , more sophisticated IBT approaches using the maximum subsequence optimization may still yield improvement  , but we leave this as future work. by assigning a high score to a token outside the article text. In this paper  , only triangular membership functions are coded for optimization. In this representation   , even though  , the GA might come up with two fit individuals with two competing conventions  , the genetic operators such aa crossover  , will not yield fitter individuals. Since this type of predictions involve larger temporal horizons and needs to use both the controller organization and modalities  , it may yield larger errors. The second group events e2 and e5 is related with the detection of maneuver optimization events. In 5 some numeric values for the components of the joint axis vectors and distance vectors to the manipulator tip were found  , for whiclr the Jacobian matrices have condition numbers of 1. Both optimization techniques yield very awkward designs. However  , they become computationally expensive for large manufacturing lines i.e. , when N is large. The recursive optimization techniques  , when applied to small manufacturing lines  , yield the solution with reasonable computational effort. ii it discards immediately irrelevant tuples. Then we use: The same optimization except for the absorption of new would yield a structuring scheme which creates objects only for lm aliases. The original query is transformed into syntactically different  , but semantically equivalent t queries  , which may possibly yield a more efficient execution planS. semantic integrity constraints and functional dependencies  , for optimization. Experimental results are presented in section 4 conclusions are drawn in section 5. Many optimization methods were also developed for group elevator scheduling. In general  , heuristic rules are not designed to optimize the performance  , and thus cannot consistently yield good scheduling results for various the traffic profiles. Reusing existing GROUP BY optimization logic can yield an efficient PIVOT implementation without significant changes to existing code. In addition to implementation simplicity  , viewing PIVOT as GROUP BY also yields many interesting optimizations that already apply to GROUP BY. As a consequence  , for a given problem the rule-based optimization always yield to the same set of solutions. Deterministic methods exploit heuristics which consider the component characteristics to configure the system structure 35. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. This gives the opportunity of performing an individual  , " customized " optimization for both streams. The bypass technique fills the gap between the achievements of traditional query optimization and the theoretical potential   , In this technique  , specialized operators are employed that yield the tuples that fulfll the operator's predicate and the tuples that do not on two different  , disjoint output streams. In our case online position estimates of the mapping car can be refined by offline optimization methods Thrun and Montemerlo  , 2005 to yield position accuracy below 0.15 m  , or with a similar accuracy onboard the car by localizing with a map constructed from the offline optimization. The accuracy of the traffic light map is coupled to the accuracy of the position estimates of the mapping car. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. 2 Performance stability: Caret-optimized classifiers are at least as stable as classifiers that are trained using the default settings. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantially benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. Finally  , we would like to emphasize that we do not seek to claim the generalization of our results. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantial benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. We would also like to thank Isaac Balbin for his comments on previous drafts of this paper. The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. Methods for resolving lixal redundancy determine joint trajectories from the instantaneous motion needed to follow a desired end-effector path. Some of them suppose a particular geometry planar or with three intersecting axes  , others a fixed kinematic joint type or general mobilities  or even no constraints in the optimization no obstacle avoidance for instance. Previous works based on this approach yield to interesting results but under restrictions on the manip ulator kinematics. The primary advantage over the implicit integration method of Anitescu and Potra is the lower running time that such alternative methods can yield  , as the results in Table Ican testify. The Moby simulation library uses the introduced approach to simulate resting contact for Newton  , Mirtich  , Anitescu- Potra  , and convex optimization based impact models among others. The method is based on looking at the kinematic parameters of a manipulator as the variables in the problem  , and using methods of constrained optimization to yield a solution. This paper has presented a binary paradigm in robotics and has developed one method for solving the problem of optimal design for pick-and-place tasks. This method consists of a hierarchical search for the best path in a tessellated space  , which is used as the initial conditions for a local path optimization to yield the global optimal path. V. CONCLUSIONS A method that obtains practically the global optimal motion for a manipulator  , considering its dynamics  , actuator constraints  , joint limits  , and obstacles  , has been presented in this paper. However  , this requires that the environment appropriately associate branch counts and other information with the source or that all experiments that yield that information be redone each time the source changes. Today's compilers are quite sophisticated and are capable of using performance information to improve optimization. Further research into query optimization techniques for Ad-Hoc search would be fruitful: this would also require an investigation into the trade offs with respect to effectiveness and efficiency found with such techniques. We need to investigate why longer Ad-Hoc queries in our system do not yield good retrieval effectiveness results. While this method works for relatively low degree-of-freedom manipulators  , there is a 'cross over' point beyond which the problem becomes overdetermined   , and an exact solution cannot be guaranteed. These benefits include verification of architectural constraints on component compositions  , and increased opporttmities for optimization between components. While this approach is not applicable to all software architectures  , it can yield benefits when applied to static systems  , and to static aspects of dynamic systems. In addition  , applications that use these services do not have the ability to pick and choose optional features  , though new optimization techniques may remove unused code from the application after the fact 35. These optional features can then be composed to yield a great variety of customized types for use in applications. Moreover  , a fixed point for each motion primitive By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. To conclude with the above example  , suppose that we want to obtain the objects and not only the Definition attribute e.g. , to edit them. This is an important optimization since indeed the volumes in each time interval yield a sparse vector. Since an entity is not necessarily active at each time interval in the series it is possible to optimize Equation 2 such that T Si+1e will be dependent solely on the values of T Sje j ≤ i for which cje = 0. They are more suitable for real-time control in a sensor-based control environment. In order to verify that the optimization results do indeed yield a gear box mechanism that produces in-phase flapping that is maintained even during asymmetric wing motion  , a kinematic evaluation was conducted by computational simulation and verified by experiment. Delrin and ABS plastics were used to fabricate the frame and links. Now  , the optimization problem reduces to estimating the coefficients by maximizing the log-posterior which is the sum of the log-likelihood Eq. In all our experiments  , we fix σ 2 = 9; experiments with several other values in the range of 3 to 20 did not yield much difference. It eliminates the main weakness of the NRSU-transformation: it works even when input arguments are variables  , not constants   , and hence it can be applied to far more calls in deductive database programs. Subsequent optimization steps then work on smaller subsets of the data Below  , we briefly discuss the CGLS and Line search procedures. This also allows additional heuristics to be developed such as terminating CGLS early when working with a crude starting guess like 0  , and allowing the following line search step to yield a point where the index set jw is small. The final results show Q2 being used for root-finding instead of optimization. It needed 76 evaluations  , but the chosen optimum had a yield below 10 units: worse than all the other methods  , indicating that the assumption of a global quadratic is inadequate in this domain. By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. Due to space constraints  , we refer the reader to 12 for further details. The multitask case was thought to be more demanding because more obstacles and paths must be accommodated using the same  , limited parameter space that was used individual task optimization  , meaning that the number of well fit solutions should decrease markedly. In this vein  , optimizing over this group of tasks concurrently should yield another unique  , optimal morphology. Since optimization of queries is expensive   , it is appropriate that we eliminate queries that are not promising  , i.e. , not likely to yield an optimal plan. Pruuiug the set of Equivalent Queries: The set  , of rquivalent queries that are generated by gen-closure are considered by the cost-based optimizer to pick t ,he optimal plan. The following table lists all combinations of metric and distance-combining function and indicates whether a precomputational scheme is available ++  , or  , alternatively   , whether early abort of distance combination is expected to yield significant cost reduction +: distance-combining func But IO-costs dominate with such queries  , and the effect of the optimization is limited. However  , to increase opportunities for optimization   , all AQ i are combined into one audit query AQ whose output is a set of query identifiers corresponding to those AQ i that yield non-empty results. If we were to execute these AQ i queries  , those with non-empty results will comprise the exact set of suspicious queries. In contrast  , last criterion   , which is typical of schemes generally seen in the robotics literature  , yields analytical expressions for the trajectory and locally-optimal solutions for joint rates and actuator forces. To overcome this problem  , we run the optimization for a given target trajectory for 100 times  , using different initial guesses for the starting parameters  , chosen with the following procedure: a robot configuration θ is defined randomly  , within the range of allowed values; a trajectory is determined as a straight line between the given initial and the randomly defined configuration  , by algebraic computations of the B-spline parameters; these latter parameters are taken as initial guess. Autonomic computing is a grand challenge  , requiring advances in several fields of science and technology  , particularly systems  , software architecture and engineering  , human-system interfaces  , policy  , modeling  , optimization  , and many branches of artificial intelligence such as planning  , learning  , knowledge representation and reasoning  , multiagent systems  , negotiation  , and emergent behavior. Realizing the vision of autonomic computing is necessarily a worldwide cooperative enterprise  , one that will yield great societal rewards in the near-term  , medium-term and long-term. Our results lead us to conclude that parameter settings can indeed have a large impact on the performance of defect prediction models  , suggesting that researchers should experiment with the parameters of the classification techniques . The rationale of using M codebooks instead of single codebook to approximate each input datum is to further minimize quantization error  , as the latter is shown to yield significantly lossy compression and incur evident performance drop 30  , 3. As the binary constraints are directly imposed to the learning objective and are valid throughout the optimization procedure  , the derived binary codes are much more accurate than sign thresholding binary codes. It is no surprise that the speedup of PRIX over due to the use of a full index  , ToXinSca dups depe the query. the necessary hard constraints have been applied to yield a feasible solution space defined on the PCM  , any path on the PCM  , from the point corresponding to the initial position of the robot to a point on the T G S   , will give rise to a valid solution for the interception problem. T h e P C M framework has the advantage that it allows a variety of optimization criteria t o be expressed in a unified manner so that the optimal sensorbased plan can be generated for interception. will not yield an autonomic computing system unless the elements share a set of common behaviors  , interfaces and interaction patterns that are demonstrably capable of engendering system-level selfmanagement . This work explores and validates the architecture by means of an autonomic data center prototype called Unity that employs three design patterns: a selfconfiguration design pattern for goal-driven self assembly  , a selfhealing design pattern that employs sentinels and a simple cluster re-generation strategy  , and a self-optimization design pattern that uses utility functions to express high-level objectives. This prevents a sort consisting of many runs from taking too much sort space for merge buffers. exMax: maximum memory for an external merge. When reaching this limit  , a sort converts to u5 ing multiple merge steps. This saves a pass over the data by combining the last merge pass of external sort with join-merge pass. This is the same optimization done in the standard two-pass sort-merge join  , implemented by many database systems. However  , the double skew case was not considered. sort-merge. call this distributed out-of-core sort. We Figure 2 : Three-tiered distributed sort on Cell  , using bitonic merge. LESS's merge passes of its external-sort phase are the same as for standard external sort  , except for the last merge pass. Thus the collection performs well to eliminate other records. The division of queries into the three classes would also he valid for Sort-Merge and Neslcd Loop join. This could bc used cvcn with other join methods like nestedloop and sort-merge. An important difference  , however  , is that the merge phase of Diag-Join does not assume that the tuples of either relation are sorted on the join attributes. In essence  , Diag-Join is a sort-merge join without the sort phase. A " log merge " application used for comparison and described below renormalizes the relevance scores in each result set before sorting on the normalized relevance scores. We used the GNU sort application the " sort merge "  on the relevance scores in the domain result sets for a topic as a baseline merge application to merge the results into a single ranked list. However  , the problem of optimizing nested queries considering parameter sort orders is significantly different from the problem of finding the optimal sort orders for merge joins. Having a sort order of the parameters across calls that matches the sort order of the inner query gives an effect similar to merge join. Sort bufler size is the size of a data buffer for inmemory sort/merge. The one sort space limit is used by memory-static sort as the default memory size. The latter join is implemented as a three-way mid 4 -outer sort-merge join. keys. The five sorts are: Straight insertion  , Quicksort  , Heapsort  , List/Merge sort and Distribution Counting sort. Their characteristics are given by Table 2. So the default Join could have been planned with sort-merge before performing the rewrite. TLC-C by default enables unordered results up to the final Sort operation. exMin: minimum memory for an external merge. This bound prevents a very large sort from taking too much sort space when there are competing sorts in the system. We used the UNIX sort utility in the implementation of the sort merge outerjoin. We ran the experiments on a DEC Alpha 3000/400 workstation running UNIX. The result sets for each topic from each Web domain name were saved to disk. The nesting of subqueries makes certain orderings impossible  , whereas merge join is at liberty to sort the inputs as it sees fit. More memory is required for sorting the two input tables and the performance of sort-merge join depends largely on sort performance. Sort-merge join uses little memory for the actual join except when there are many rows with the same value for the join columns. Further  , each predicate is annotated with an access method; i.e. , at most2 two access methods per rule. Two join methods are considered: nested loop NL and ordered merge OM such as sort merge or hash merge. Concretely   , bitonic sort involves lg m phases  , where each phase consists of a series of bitonic merge procedures. Bitonic sort makes use of successive bitonic merges to fully sort a given list of items. The Sort property of the AE operator specifies the procedure to be used to sort the relation if a merge-sort join strategy was selected to implement the query. was executed. CellSort is based on distributed bitonic merge with a SIMDized bitonic sorting kernel. The distributed outof-core sort makes use of the distributed in-core sort  , which in turn makes use of the local sort. sort-merge joins are vulnerable to memory fluctuations due to their large memory requirements. Like external sorts. There is no need for complex sort/merge programs. 2 The software necessary for these systems is quite simple. The performance in comparison with Sort/Merge depends on the join selectivity. Basically   , the same rules apply to this case. A SIMDized bitonic sorting kernel is used to sort items locally in the local stores of the SPEs  , a distributed in-core bitonic merge is used to merge local store resident local sort results  , and a distributed out-ofcore bitonic merge is used to merge the results of a number of main memory resident in-core sort results. Large number of items  , that do not fit into the total space provided by the local stores of the participating SPEs  , are sorted using a three-tiered approach. This reduces the number of input runs for subsequent merge steps  , thereby making them less vulnerable to memory fluctuations. an external sort deals with memory shortages by initiating a merge step that fits the remaining memory. One page less of memory will result in another merge step. Since the amount of data is known at the start of the merge step  , the sort is able to allocate exactly the amount of memory needed. In the cast of sort-merge joins  , queries could hc divided into small  , medium and large classes hascd on the size of the memory needed for sorting the relations. These query groups arc listed in Figure" tcnthoustup " relations  , all ol' the nested loops metllods lost to the sort-merge methods cvcn though the SOI-TV merge methods must sort these large relations. As hcforc  , the result site is taken to he the join site l.or these tests. Nonetheless  , the log-merge method does significantly improve result-set merging performance relative to a straightforward sort operation on relevance scores. Seemingly little information is available from the relevance score vs. rank profile used by the log-merge method. This is hccausc the amount 01 work saved through sorting sig- nificantlv outweighs the work requir-cd IO pcrlol-m the sorts. However  , performing such a merge-sort on 1 ,200 GB of data is prohibitively expensive. One way to rectify this would be to perform a merge-sort of the logs based on their URL  , in order to bring together the various occurrences of each URL. Illustration of k-merge phases: Figure 3 gives an illustration of bitonic sort for m = 8. We refer to the ith phase of bitonic sort as the k-merge phase  , where k = 2 i and a k-sorted list is generated. E.g. , Given two topic names  , " query optimization " and " sort-merge join "   , the Prerequisite metalink instance " query optimization Pre sort-merge join  , with importance value 0.8 " states that " prerequisite to viewing  , learning  , etc. Metalinks represent relationships among topics not sources; i.e. , metalinks are " meta " relationships. Since the output of merge join is pre-sorted in addition to being pre-partitioned on the city  , the grouping operator uses a sort-grouping strategy. While the sort is executing this merge step  , the available memory is reduced to 8 buffers. To illustrate this  , suppose that the merge phase of an external sort started with IO runs and I I buffers  , which allowed all runs to be merged at once as in Figure 2a. Since extra memory will help reduce the amount of I/O  , additional memory is very important to a sort in this stage. When there is enough memory to merge all remaining runs in one step  , the sort allo cates enough space  , and goes to the last merge step right away. If not  , another merge pass has to be done before commencing the SF passes. Given two equal length lists of items  , sorted in opposing directions  , the bitonic merge procedure will create a combined list of sorted items. Bitonic sort makes use of a key procedure called bitonic merge. We treat merge joins as three different operations. If  , however  , any input is already sorted then the corresponding sort operation is unnecessary and the merge join can be pipelined. When the number of runs is large relative to available memory  , multiple merge steps may be needed. If the number of runs is small  , we attempt to allocate enough memory to complete the sort with a single merge step. The sort-and-merge includes sorting hash tables  , writing them to temporary run-files and merging the run-files into the final XML document. The time spent on the sort-and-merge takes up most of the running time over 70%. Instead of completing this step before performing Iv linal merge as discussed previously  , the sort operator can switch to the tinal merge directly. Suppose that  , while Ihc sort is executing the preliminary step the step with the solid arrows in Figure 2b  , the available memory increases to 1 I pages apain. The final merge phase of the join can proceed only when the slower of these two operations is completed. For example  , the scan and sort of Sl could be scheduled in parallel with the scan and sort of S2. On the other hand  , waiting increases the sort's response time. Proceeding immediately without waiting may cause a small sort to rely on external merging or a sort with relatively few runs to resort to multiple merge steps. Large sorts were typically caused by sort-merge joins or groupby. Many of the TPC-D queries also require a sort of the final result   , which usually is small. So we adopt the variable-length two-way merge sort method. If we number variables left-to-right in character strings of terms  , we can obtain the lexicographic order by variable length character sort. Transformation T 2 : Each physical join operator e.g. , hash join  , sort-merge join  , nested-loops join in P is replaced with a logical join operator. These operators include projection  , hash  , sort  , and duplicate elimination. For the sake of clarity  , when illustrating query plans we omitted the class acc of the operator. We implement a simple  , pipelined σ physical operator  , and two flavors of join: sort-merge sort   , and hash hash . In both systems large aggregations  , which often include large sort operations are widespread . The access paths in a 3NF DSS system are often dominated by large hash or sort-merge joins  , and conventional index driven joins are also common. I The sort merge methods can never execute laster than the time it takes to sort and scan the larger ol its relations. Thcsc nvo factors alone account for ahout 90% of the elapsed time. The nested loops join methods ar ? However  , note that a sort-merge anti-join cannot be used if the correlated query block is part of a procedure or function where as NISR can be used in this case. A sort-merge anti-join implementation if present and used would perform exactly same as NISR and hence we have not consider it here explicitly. The sort-merge scmi ,join methods SSSRI and PSSM rcqulrc a similar numher of' disk acccsscs. At site Sb  , the sort-merge join methods SJSM and SJNL both require the same number of' disk accesses -this number is the sum of'the ~CCCSSCS required lor sorting relation R  , and those needed to scan Rb once to send its luplcs to S ,. This achieves better performance and scalability without sacrificing document ordering. We sort the two input sequences based on their join values  , merge them and then sort the output based on the node id of the first sequence. We do not allow a sort to increase or decrease its work space arbitrarily but restrict the size to be within a specified range. The unit of memory adjustment is a data buffer plus the space for additional data structure for sorting. We now describe the details of k-merge phases. Note that there are lg m = 3 phases of the sort  , namely a 2-merge phase to yield a 2-sorted list  , a 4-merge phase to yield a 4-sorted list  , and an 8-merge phase to yield the final sorted list. This increased our discovery rate by almost an order of magnitude. We rewrote the classifier and distiller to maximally exploit the I/O efficiency of sort-merge joins. If many output tuples am generated  , the Hash Loop Join will perform better. The basic sort merge join first sorts the two input files. Using this probability  , we can compute the expected number of days before an error occurs. For VerticalSQL  , this involves selection on the key predicates  , fetching the tuples  , sorting them on Oid  , and doing a merge sort join. . This property gets pushed down to Sort and then Merge. However  , Group which groups by c custkey requires its input be grouped by this attribute c custkey G . Instead of a complete sorting  , merge sort can serve the same purpose and save. The objects are sorted by D 1   , D 2  in the parent node. Note that tuple substitution corresponds to the nested iteration method of join implementation BLAS77. sort-merge for implementing the join instead of always using tuple substitution. We will discuss the results in Section 6.5. Surprisingly   , we find in our experiments that the cache-stationary join phase performs as well as the sort-merge implementation . Their approach can be considered as the " opposite " of an N-way merge sort. BSW97  presents an approach for bulk-loading multi-dimensional index structures  , e.g. , R-trees. In the remainder of this section we describe each of these methods in turn. The las~ two letters indicate either sort-merge  " SM "  or nested loops  " NL "  join. However  , the sort-merge is done out-of-memory 5 . Counting the number of IPs shared by any pair of sites requires one scan on the sorted data. currently ilnplemented  , this could be optimized by COIIIbining the final merge with the separate merges inside the two calls to sort-when. Although uol. sources on sort-merge join "   , and this metalink instance is deemed to have the importance sideway value of 0.8. sources on query optimization is viewing  , learning  , etc. The approach can be characterized as a generalization of an N-way merge sort. Similar to LHAM  , a continuous reorganization of data is proposed. between query blocks as an explicit join enables the optimizer to consider alternative methods e.g. In the case of split. This leads us to the important conclusion that pipelined strategy is optimal when database is memory resident  , because the sort-merge technique is useless. SQL/D& OBE. Our work falls in the class of sequential indexing. sort-merge 8  , 9  , 10  , the spatial indexing 12   , and the sequential index- ing 5  , 13. Gradually we started using the DBMS in more advanced ways. We assume that the number of items to be sorted  , m  , is an exact power of 2. There are two main problems in synopsis construction scenarios. However simple divide and conquer think merge-sort does not work in these scenarios. Self joins of leaves and joins between two leaves are performed by using sort-merge join. We also recursively join each child with its right-adjacent sibling. We use a TRIE representation of variablelength character strings to avoid readjusting comparison starting points. In this case  , preliminary merge steps are required to reduce the number of runs before the final merge can be carried out. When the source relation is large relative to the available memory  , the database system may not be able to allocate enough buffers to a sort operator for it to merge all of its runs in a single step. Along these lines it is beneficial to reuse available grouping properties  , usually for hash-based operators. They presented the concept of interesting orderings and showed how redundant sort operations could be avoided by reusing available orderings  , rendering sort-based operators like sort-merge join much more interesting. When a sort fails to allocate more memory  , it can either wait or proceed with its current work space. To our knowledge  , the issue of finding an optimal plan taking into account sort orders for parameters of subqueries or procedures has not been addressed in the past. The importance of exploiting available orderings has been recognized in the seminal work of Selinger et al 4. The only difference between Bitonic/sample sort and Bitonic/sample merge is that the initial sorting step is not required because the local lists are already sorted. These are variations of the Bitonic sort Bat68  , KGGK94J and sample sort LLS+93  , KGGK94 . The buffers of the external sort can be taken away once it has been suspcndcd. The most straightforward approach to deal with memory shortages that occur during the merge phase of an external sort is for the DBMS to suspend the external sort altogether. Put another way  , the parent relation is clustered optimally for NL-SORT since it is in unique2 order. We remind the reader that NL-SORT is essentially a sort-merge join -the child relation is sorted by its foreign key field and then the parent's clustered primary key index is used to retrieve corresponding parent records in physical order. The data sites send sorted files directly to the host which ei& ciently " merges " them without doing sort key comparisons . We will exploit the size difference between the sort key and the entire record by sending only sort keys from the data sites to the merge sites. In summary  , our variant of mergesort has three phases: an in-buffer sort phase which sorts data within a buffer  , an in-memory merge phase which produces runs by merging sorted buffers  , and an external merge phase which merges sorted runs. However  , we retain part of the solution: once the fan-in for a merge step has been determined depending on available memory we always merge the smallest remaining runs. Besides the drawbacks of suspension and paging that we discussed in the introduction  , these hybrid approachcs would also prevent an external sort from taking advantage ol extra memory beyond the initially allocated amount Ihn may become available while the sort is in the merge phase. leaving the DBMS to suspend an affected external sMt or page its buffers when iC is ill the merge phase. Our impiemcntation of paging works as follows: The external sort keeps a copy of the current tuple of each input run in its private work space  , where the tuples are merged. Another obvious way to deal with memory Iluctuations during the merge phase is to resort to MRU paging whencvcr the memory available to an external sort is insufficient to hold all the input buffers for its current merge step. MergeTraces is essentially the merge function of merge sort  , using the position of events in the trace for comparison events in trace slices are listed chronologically. Function Slice for i ← 1 to n do HandleEvent collects all intermediate trace slices corresponding to θ's subinstances . Result sets from each host name D for each topic were truncated at the top Cr |D| = 0.0005|D| documents  , rounding up to the next largest integer. The top performing topics from each of our sort merge and log merge experiments were used to investigate the effect of truncating the result sets before merging. often turns out to be sub-optimal because of significant changes that occur in the external sort's memory allocation during the preliminary merge steps. In this experiment  , where external sorts frequently experience large fluctuations in their allocated memory  , the number of runs that an external sort selects for the first preliminary merge step during a split  , whether according to naive or based on opt. For example  , if Cr = 0.0005 then a maximum of five results will be retained in a result set from a domain with 10 ,000 documents. We shall introduce this provision by continuing our earlier example. I laving discussed how dynamic splitting breaks a merge step into sub-steps in response to a memory reduction  , we now present Ihc provision in the dynamic splitting strategy that allows an cxtemal sort to combine existing merge steps to take advantage of extra buffers as they become available. instead of first sorting all and then merging all the partitions  , we sort and immediately merge the partitions. After looking at the cache profile of the PartitionedSort we notice that the cache misses could be further reduced in the merge phase by fusing the sorting and merging of each of the partitions i.e. For now we will only focus on the status of the 8-item list after the k-merge phases lists below dashed horizontal phase separators. If a memory shortage occurs  , causing the available memory to become less than the buffer requirement of the current merge step  , the sort operator can immediately stop the c , ,rrenl step  , split it into a number of sub-steps  , and then start execuling the lirst sub-step. preliminary merge step. The full merge is not very competitive in cost  , because each element is accessed  , but it is actually a tough competitor in terms of running time  , because of the significant bookkeeping overhead incurred by all the treshold methods. We also implemented a full merge of the index lists followed by a partial sort to obtain the top-k results. The assumption deviates from reality when there are no indices and the database chooses multi-way merge-sort joins. The assumption always held for the Oracle 8i DBMS that we used in our TPC-H-based experimentation. The first phase merges each even-indexed item index starts from 0 with the item immediately following it  , in alternating directions . We do not further discuss in-core merges. An incore merge is similar to an in-core sort  , in the sense that it includes cross-SPE merges and local merges. Our sort testbed is able to generate temporally skewed input based on the above model. Figure 15: Estimated and observed merge time for skewed input when using 3MB of memory for buffers. Our initial intuition is that a sort-merge based join phase should be applied in this case. Our inspection approach can also detect relations that are nearly-sorted on the join key. All the triplets are generated by performing a single pass over the output sorted file. This file is sorted lexicography using external memory merge sort such that all identical keyword pairs appear together in the output. We also assume that the host extracts tuples from the communication messages and returns them to the application program. In other words  , we do not carry out any comparison-based global sort or global merge at the host site. We have presented efficient concurrency control and recovery schemes for both techniques . We studied two techniques to cluster data incrementally as it arrives  , one based on sort-merge and the other on hashing. Alternatively  , if we can produce the path matches in the order of return nodes  , then the path join cannot use the efficient merge join method. Hence a post-sort becomes unavoidable. Both CPU and I/O costs of executing a query are considered. A detailed performance model on the cost of sort-merge joins and system parameters used is given in Section 4. Our next project is to extend the model so a.s to ha.ndlc multi-way joins and sort-merge joins. Finally  , we would like to measure the payofrs we can get on more reallife worklon.ds. First  , both relations R and S are sorted on the join attribute by using an efficient sorting mechanism e.g. The in-memory sort merge join BE771 works as follows. We study the scalability of our framework  , using the mapping in Example 1 and two other mappings derived from it. However the impact of hashing on the total time is small because the sort-merge dominates the total time. If the IGNITE optimizer chooses a sort-merge join for a query involving such sources  , the sorting operations will be executed by the engine of IGNITE. For this situation  , it is impossible to push sorting down. Figure 8shows an example of this technique in action. Since the tuples within each block are sorted by timestamp  , a merge sort is employed to retrieve the original order of tuples across the different blocks in the run. Thus  , the third heuristic is: 'The Cornell and Yu results apply to hash-based  , sort-merge  , and nested loops join methods. Thus  , if there is no other option  , M&M may choose to ignore its disk queue length limiting heuristic. During the sorting phase  , tuples in a relation are first sorted into multiple ~~172s according to a certain sort key Knu73. A mergesort involves two phases: sorting phase and merge phase. While performing the decorrelation of NOT IN queries we assumed the availability of sort-merge anti-join. The plans employing magic decorrelation were manually composed with the supplementary table materialized. The previous section described how we can scan compressed tuples from a compressed table  , while pushing down selections and projections. We discuss four such operators next: index-scan  , hash join  , sort-merge join  , and group-by with aggregation. Most other operators  , except aggregations  , can be changed to operate directly on these tuplecodes. Future work includes extending our techniques beyond insert-only environments  , to allow updates of existing unary operators including sequential scan  , index scan and clustered index scan ; l binary operators including nested join  , index join and sort-merge join ; . Our model covers the following common operators : . nary operator corresponding to pointer chasing. Obviously there is a lot of overhead in carrying around intermediate XML fragments. For example  , to apply RDBMS for merging XML fragments  , we may need to sort the keys at higher levels of XML fragments first  , merge the XML fragments based on the higher-level keys  , and then sort the lower-level keys for each common higher-level key. When the set of items to be sorted does not fit into the collective space provided by the local stores of the SPEs  , the sort has to be taken " out-of-core "   , which involves moving data back-andforth between the local stores and the main memory. By introducing this join and adjusting the optimization level for the the DB2 query optimizer  , we could generate the correct plans. A workaround this problem is to introduce a join of the tuple stream produced by the selection with a table of Oid's and cajole the optimizer to pick a merge sort join plan  , thereby forcing a sort on Oid. Therefore  , the scan task is also responsible for returning the sorted records to the host site. In order to distinguish the work between merging the sort keys and returning the sorted records to the host  , the data sites do not send sorted records to the host site until all the sort keys have been sent to the merge sites. If acute shortage of memory space occurs  , a sort in this phase could " roll back " its input and release the last buffers acquired. When the sort reaches the end of input or cannot acquire more buffer space  , it proceeds to the in-memory merge phase. Instead  , one could implement a multi-pass on-disk merge sort within the reducer. Although we pointed out the scalability bottleneck associated with sorting the postings in the reducer  , in actuality  , there is no principled reason why this needs to be an in-memory sort. For the sorting problem  , however  , we assume the host gathers sorted records in such a way that does not require sort key comparison. This reduces disk seek costs  , as opposed to fetching the buffers on demand. Hash Loop Joins w still have better performance than Sort/Merge gins  , but they may also be more expensive. This situation is described by DeWi%S  , Naka881 as Harh Loop Join. While conceptually this is a very simple change  , it is somewhat more difficult in our setup as it would require us to open up and modify the TPIE merge sort. We believe that such an implementation would slightly outperform MPBSM. As with suspension  , paging enables an external sort to relinquish its buffers as and when they are needed for replacement or for release to the DBMS. It then waits for all data sites to send their distribution tables. When it receives the request for a sort  , it sends the request to all data sites and merge sites. There must  , however  , be a very efficient inner loop which is executed a number of times proportional to the signature file size. We compute such a cuboid by merging these runs  , like the merge step of external sort  , aggregating duplicates if necessary . For SortRun  , we now have a set of sorted runs on disk. These will be the candidate plans with early group-by. In that case  , we will consider the major to minor ordering R.d  , R.b for nested loop and R.b  , R.d for sort-merge. require both input streams to be co-located at the same site  , and the sort-merge flavor of JOIN requires both streams to be sorted on their respective join columns. For ex-ample  , all dyadic LOLEPOPs JOIN  , UNION  , etc. The same redundancy arises in libraries that provide specialized implementations of functionalities already available in other components of the system. For instance  , the GNU Standard C++ Library implements its basic stable sorting function using insertion-sort for small sequences  , and merge-sort for the general case. Like regular hash teams  , such sortbased query techniques are only attractive if the columns of at least some of the join and group-by operations are the same. Sort/merge-joins and sort-based aggregations can also be used to execute join/group-by queries. In general  , such a change might make it more difficult to utilize existing  , highly optimized external sort procedures. After the split  , the sort immedialcly starts to work on the preliminary step. The sort operator responds by splitting Ihc merge into a preliminary step that merges R  , to R4 into R ,4 assuming " optimized " merging  , and a final step that merges H   , 4 with KJ to X , ,  , into R ,- , , ,. It is ideally suited for data already stored on a distributed file system which offers data replication as well as the ability to execute computations locally on each data node. Map-Reduce is essentially a distributed grep-sort-aggregate or  , in database terminology   , a distributed execution engine for select-project via sequential scan  , followed by hash partitioning and sort-merge group-by. In summary  , the plan generator considers and evaluates the space of plans where the joins have exactly two arguments . This implies that this procedure line 1-4 can be fully parallelized  , by partitioning the collection into sub-collections. Moreover  , this sort-merge-join operates on a document basis. We call such allowable plans MHJ plans. In the first step we exclude from consideration query plans with nested-loop join operators  , while allowing every other operator including sort-merge and hash joins. The sort-merge equijoin produces a result that is sorted and hence grouped on its join attributes c nationkey. Summarized briefly  , this result follows from the following reasoning: 1. In this case  , the query is divided into three different sub-queries. These modifications are very simple but are not presented here due to space limitations. The modifications to the operator dependency graphs required to support the sort-merge join method can be found in SCHN89b. If only few tuples match the join condition  , a Sort/Merge Join will need fewer disk accesses and will be faster. A similar situation arises when data is added to the system . More interestingly   , we can use a sort-merge join based approach to join the set of predicates with the set of tuples in the S-Data SteM. To verify our intuition  , we implemented an inspection mechanism to detect nearly-sorted tuples. The dramatic improvement over university INGRES is due to the use of a sort-merge algo- rithm. However  , our measurements clearly show that for joins without indices commercial INGRES is the only system to always provide acceptable performance. On the other hand  , in a multiuser environment much less buffer space may actually be available. For example  , one can join two 450 megabyte objects by reading both into main memory and then performing a main-memory sort-merge. In this way  , the work space increases gradually  , one buffer at a time. It checks the available memory before each merge step and adjusts the fan-in accordingly. Stage 5: The number of runs could not be merged in a single step and the sort is performing intermediate merges during this stage. This step is combined with the computation of cuboids that are descendants of that cuboid. IICHI optimal. For centralized joins  , it was found in Blas7h that  , except for very small relations  , 111~ nested loops @in or sort-merge  ,toin methods were always optimal 01. This was particularly important in the sort-merge  ,join cast. Second  , random attribute value distrihulions arc desirable in order IO provide an unhiased lrcalment of each of the join methods. Thus  , an optimizer generates only a small number of interesting orders. The only interesting orders that are generated are those that are due to choice of a join method e.g. , sort-merge or existing physical access paths. Fcwcr pages for the heap-sort results in more merge passes; and fewer pages for the hash probiug may result in thrashing. It is now optimal to tlevotcb 20 pages to the heap-sort and the other 80 to hash probing. It is not possible to accurately extrapolate the merge time that would be required for a full-sized database. For a terabyte of data  , 400 such sort-steps would be required  , for a sort-tune of approximately 90 ,ooO seconds about a day. If a team member checks-in some changes that are subsequently found to break previously checked-in code then there has been a breakdown of some sort. It is important to maintain discipline in this merge  , test  , check-in sequence. Note that PerfPlotter cannot guarantee that the worst-case paths will actually be explored due to the heuristics nature. By comparing their performance distributions  , merge sort is the better choice in this context. In the remainder of the paper we develop the INUM in two steps. The shared S-only component can now be applied exactly once. According to experiment results  , a mapping with one more nesting level used about 20 more seconds on hashing. We now augment the sort merge outerjoin with compression shown in Figure 1 . So  , if an uncompressed file is size IFI  , the compressed size will be IJ'I/u blocks long. For SJSI\4  , the two relations are each sorted al their local sites first IO increase parallelism. The two relations arc then joined at site S  , using either the sort-merge method SJSh4 or the nested loops method SJNL. As ohservcd in the mcasuremcnts at S ,  , the sort-merge methods require more disk accesses than the nested loops methods due IO sorting. Similar trends are ohserved at site S ,. Its software is much simpler and it does not need complex sort/merge packages using multiple intermediate disk accesses for composed queries. The former is much more flexible as it easily allows online insertion and update. This makes possible to propose similar formulas with coefficients to estimate their costs. First  , low level operators in most commercial DBMSs are very similar  , for example  , scan  , index scan  , nested join  , sort merge join  , depth first pointer chasing  , etc. We have implemented block nested-loop and hybrid hash variants. Anti-Semijoin For an anti-semijoin El I ? ,  , E2 all common implementation alternatives like sort merge  , hash  , and nested-loops come into account. The key observation when considering stop-&-go operators  , such as sorting used in aggregations  , merge joins  , etc. Similarly  , during the output phase queries requesting similar sort operations can share the sort's output values  , once they become available. Sort-merge duplicate elimination also divides the input relation  , but uses physical memory loads as the units of division. The result is produced by performing an in-memory duplicate elimination on each of the derived buckets. We believe it should be reasonably easy to integrate our techniques into an existing database system. One contribution of this paper has been to show that a well-designed sort-merge based scheme performs better than hashing. Note that runs may be of variable length because work space size may change between runs. When a sort cannot be completed entirely in memory   , the in-memory merge produces runs and external merging is required. The same techniques can be applied to other memory intensive operations  , join being the obvious candidate. Since only foreign keys that meet the ÑÑÒ ×ÙÔÔ condition are kept in the join node  , no redundant join is performed. The join can be done using a hash based or sort merge technique. As stated in the introduction  , our work extends hash teams so that they become applicable in situations in which the columns of the join and group-by operations are not the same. All subsequent passes of external sort are merge passes. Pass zero of the standard external sort routine reads in b pages of the data  , sorts the records across those b pages say  , using quicksort   , and writes the b sorted pages out as a b-length sorted run. III tht: current implementation for join with hash-basetl delta access  , sort-when is used to sort R azq impacttad by @  , R , and S as impacted by Si ,Si  , and then 8~ binary merge is used to create the join. Since it is unlikely that all dimensions will be used for splitting  , a non-split dimension is used to sort the data-points in the leaves to be joined. In this study  , we will therefore explore a third alternative. When memory is released and there are multiple sorts waiting  , we must decide which sort to wake up. A sort may wait in one of five situations: Wl: in stage 0 waiting to start; W2: in stage 1 with 1stMin space; W3: in stage 1 with more memory; W4: in stage 3; W5: before an external merge step. The sort and the scan operations can be done by the same scan task because their operations do not overlap in time. Figure 5ashows the actual elapsed time measurements  , and FiguresThroughout the full join experiments  , the outer relation for the NL-INDEX and PC join methods was the parent relation  , whereas the outer relation for the NL-SORT  , CP  , and CP-SORT join methods was the child relation. This is achieved by merging R  ,-4 with whatever is left in R5 to H  , , ,  , appending the result to R  ,-  , " Figure 2c. As a result  , any monitor number for merge-join input streams is unreliable unless we have encountered a " dam " operator such as SORT or TEMP  , which by materializing all rows ensures the complete scan and count of the data stream prior to the merge join. Thus any remaining rows from the other side will never be asked for  , and hence are not seen or counted by the monitor. Finally  , NLJoin nested-loop join performs a nested-loop join with join predicate  , pred over its inputs with with the relation produced by left as the outer relation  , and the relation produced by right as the inner relation. Thus  , Merge is always preceded in a Postgres plan by Sort being applied to both the left and right subplans  , except when an input to Merge is a result of an index scan. The minimum amount of main memory needed by Sort/Merge is three disk block buffers  , because in the sort phase  , two input buffers and one output buffer are needed. Given the fact that b/k blocks are needed in the fist phase  , and k blocks are needed in the second phase of the join  , the challenge is to find the value for k  , where the memory consumption maxb/k ,k is minimal : contains the comparison operators   , σ  , which are able to work uniformly on compressed and uncompressed inputs; it is the task of the optimizer to i determine which one to use and ii make sure that the proper compression / decompression steps have been taken so that the attributes to be compared by or σ have the same compression status. Both sort variants suffer from high CPU costs for sorting. The NS query still uses naive Map lookup  , but sorts the physical OIDs before accessing S. When comparing NS with SS  , sorting the flattened R tuples for the Map lookup does not pay off because the Mup is smaller than 2 MB For 1 MB the sort-based plans are out of the range of the curve because for such small memory configurations they need several merge phases. However  , once M reaches 0.6 MBytes  , all three in-memory sorting methods produce fewer runs than the number of available buffers; thus  , there can be no further reduction in the number of merge steps until M grows to 20 MBytes  , at which point there will he a sudden drop in response time because it will then be possihlc IO sort the entire relation all at once in memory. As is evident from Table 6  , the number of required merge steps initially drops drastically. Logical expressions are mapped by an optimizer search engine to a space of physical expressions. A goal is 1 a query  , an expression space  , or an expression class  , together with 2 a set of properties the optimized plan must return For example  , a goal may be the query 'join R.a=S.b R S' with the constraint 'sorted on S.b'  , which may be mapped to 'merge-join R.a=S.b sort/partition R.a R sort/partition S.b S'. We create a separate file for each of the 560 super-hashes and then sort each super-hash file using an I/O-efficient merge sort. In the first step  , we create 100 min-hashes per document  , while in the second step  , 80 32-bit super-hashes are created from the min-hashes for each document and for each iteration in the subsequent step i.e. , 560 superhashes per document for the seven iterations. M one-pass is directly proportional to the factor S which represents the IO size used during the merge phase that produces the final sorted result. M one-pass = 2 x R done + R left  x S. Once the sort spills to disk  , there is no point to use more memory than the one-pass requirement hence  , from that point on  , the sort sets its cache requirement to the one-pass requirement. Our experiments include both full join queries as well as queries with a selection followed by a join. Two traditional join methods were used for the comparisons: nested-loop join using an index on the inner relation NL-INDEX and a variant of sort-merge join where the outer relation must be sorted but the inner relation can be accessed in sorted order using a clustered index NL- SORT. We rather do the merge twice  , outputting only the scores in the first round  , doing a partial sort of these to obtain the min-k score  , and then repeat the merge  , but this time with an on-the-fly pruning of all documents with a bestscore below that min-k score. To keep the merges as fast as those of the baseline fullmerge   , we also do not maintain the set of top-k items as we merge  , and not even the min-k score. As observed in the official TREC results from 2005 and 2006  , the log-merge method outperforms the sort-merge method regardless of whether the underlying collection is partitioned by web domain or partitioned by randomized web domains. To quantify the effects on IR performance due to the merge methods used as well as the effects due to eliminating the natural corpus structure defined by web domains by dividing the corpus arbitrarily with respect to the document content at index-time  , the mean values of the MAP taken over the merged resultsets from 149 automatically extracted queries applied to the domain partition and the randomized domain partition are recorded in Table 5. The Classic Sort-Stop plan provides much better performance than the Conventional Sort plan as long as it is applicable; its curve stops at N = 10 ,000 because its sorted heap structure no longer fits in the buffer pool beyond that point. The cost increase for larger values of N are due to the N-dependence of the final merge phase of the sort; for N = 1  , only the first page of each run is read  , while for N = 100 ,000 all pages of all runs are read and merged. When getting two triple sets bound to two triple patterns  , a sort merge join is enough to work out the final results. Given a triple pattern  , no matter how many and where variables are  , all matches can be found by means of one of the indices. We expect that as more approximate predicates become available  , normalized costs will drop. To compute the cost of a plan  , we built a simple query optimizer T&O based on predicate placement CS96  -our optimizer considered only sort-merge and hash-partitioned joins. A large part of that memory is dedicated to SQL work areas  , used by sort  , hash-join  , bitmapindex merge  , and bitmap-index create operators. This paper focuses on the PGA memory management since this memory holds the run-time memory of executing SQL statements. Because sorting is also a blocking operator as the hash operator  , there will be wait opportunities in the query plan which can be utilized by Request Window. Figure 5 shows the choices of sort-merge versus partitioning   , the possible sorting/partitioning attributes  , and the possible buffer allocation strategies. Hybrid policies minimize the flushing of intermediate buffers from main memory   , and hence can decrease the I/O cost for a given execution. In this experiment. there are additional factors that adversely affect the performance of the external sorts: When the actual number of buffers that an cxtcrnal sort has is smaller than the buffer requirement of an exeruling merge step  , the penalty in extra ~/OS that paging incurs is proportional to the extent of the memory discrepancy. We have demonstrated the benefits of our techniques both analytically and through an empirical performance study of an actual implementation. In this section  , we give three examples of new algebraic operators that are well-suited for efficient implementation of nested OOSQL queries. For example  , the join can be implemented as an index nested-loop join  , a sort-merge join  , a hash join  , etc. Put contents of Input Buf fer2 to Aging The partitioned hash outerjoin is augmented with compression in a very similar manner to the sort merge outerjoin. If the buckets are compressed before the matching phase  , we also show in LGM96 that the overall cost  , is lfil+ IF21 + 2 * If21 + I + U 10s. In Section 4.2  , we give a detailed explanation of how we are able to infer that the result of the sort-merge join is guaranteed to be grouped on c custkey. It is important to note that orderpreserving hash join does preserve orderings  , but does not preserve groupings held of the outer relation. This variant of hash join therefore resembles nested loop and sort-merge join in preserving orderings of outer relations. The newly written files then participate in an n-way sort-merge join to find query segments with the same protein id. The segment results of each individual index probe are sorted  , first by protein id and then by start position  , and written to separate files. Third  , in order to insure that the results of the various IC'SIS were nol hiased hy preceeding ones  , we had IO ensure that no lesl query was likely IO find useful pages sitting in the huffcr lrom its predecessors. There are two principles in the choice of join approach between hypergraph traversal and triple indices: 1 If the predicate of a triple pattern has a owl:cardinality property valued 1  , priority should be given to hypergraph traversal. For larger datasets  , this overhead gets amortized and Ontobroker comes out on top. Interestingly  , in Table 1 XSB and Yap do a little better than Ontobroker for queries b1X ,Y and b2X ,Y when smaller data sets are used  , because of the initial overhead of sorting the relations associated with sort-merge joins. Since the grammar productions are carried out in a topdown   , left-to-right fashion  , the grammar will build the output string from left to right. One possible method would be to use a grammar to produce a sort of reverse merge. the merge-sort operation when its input becomes bigger than memory the contours of the discontinuities involved are similar to the equi-cost contours and the approach outlined above can be applied for approximating the cost func- Input: SPJ query q on a set of relations Q = {R 1   , . For typical cost functions e.g. Usually  , interesting orders are on the join column of a future join  , the grouping attributes from the group by clause  , and the ordering attributes from the order by clause. Interesting orders are those that are useful for later operations e.g. , sort-merge joins  , and hence  , need to be preserved. Although pushing sorting down to sources to accelerate sort-merge join is an attractive strategy in data integration applications  , it is only useful for multi-join based on a common attribute. For such queries  , current IGNITE optimizer prefers hash-join-based query plans. In this section  , we will focus our attention on the techniques we have devised to optimize navigation over massive Web graphs. However  , the difference is that navigation operators must now be implemented over the specialized structures used to represent Web graphs  , rather than as hash joins or sort-merge joins over relational tables. Other boxes cannot effectively use the indexed structure  , so only these two need be considered. Similarly  , if the successor box is a join  , then the Aurora optimizer costs performing a merge-sort or indexed lookup  , chooses the cheapest one  , and changes the join implementation appropriately. Next  , the relation is sorted using a parallel merge sort on the partitioning attribute and the sorted relation is redistributed in a fashion that attempts to equalize the number of tuples at each site. In this strategy  , if the relation is not already loaded  , it is initially loaded in a round robin fashion. When both lrclations arc large  , howcvcr  , as when hoth wcrc " tcnlhoustup " relations in our tests  , the optimal methods will he the pipclincd sort-merge methods. groups QGI and QG2 is thnl  , when one relation is small  , the pipclincd ncstcd loops join methods perlorm much hcttcr than their scqucntial counterparts or any 01' the sor-t-mcrgc methods. As a consequence of this observation  , we make an important observation in the arena of expert systems. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written to disk along with the tags. An internal sort is performed on each of these buffers with respect to the tags of the data items. Typical executions in a star schema might involve bitmap accesses  , bitmap merges  , bitmap joins and conventional index driven join operations. Those queries will be addressed in a subsequent paper. For example  , indexed selection employs input and comparison operations to get through the directory structure; each pass of a sort-merge join consists of input  , comparison and output or temporary file building. This overhead is significant even though most of the index pages above the leaf level are cached in memory. 8 Merge creates a key which is the union of the keys of its inputs  , and preserves both functional dependencies that hold of its inputs. The keys for base relations Supplier and Customer s suppkey and c custkey respectively propagate through their associated Sort nodes  , as do the functional dependencies implied by these keys. The 15 ms page I/O time setting assumes RCquential I/O without prefetching or disk buffering t.g. , reading one track at a time. Figures 6 and 7 show that with 10 MIPS CPU  , these queries using the sort-merge join method are I/O bound. The " Find-sub-query " call on the merge-combine node is slightly different than on a normal combine node. This modified combine node uses the individual index scans on fragments to get sorted runs that are merged together to sort the entire relation. Together  , these two factors slow down the performance of page over and above the performance penalty already imposed by the larger number of merge steps. This handicap causes paging to suffer from memory lluctualions; moreover  , the larger the memory fluctuations  , the greater an impact this handicap exerts on sort performance. Since the bit vector size scales proportionally to the number of divisor objects  , a large number of divisor objects causes large bit vectors  , necessitating quotient partitioning. The size of the inner relation could be used to make the division for Nested-Loop join queries. Without Indices  , university INGRES used a nested loops join in which the storage structure of a copy of the inner relation is converted to a hashed organization before the join is initiated Commercial INGRES used primarily sort-merge join techniques. However  , the reader may wish to refer to Appendix I  , where the join queries have been explicitly listed. Third  , we were interested in how the different systems took advantage of secondary indices on joining attributes   , when these were available. But still the approach of using a generic cost model can provide good results due to two reasons.  Accent  , Punctuation  , Firstname  , Name Authority  Edit  , Sort Same  , Merge  , Delete  , Undo  Fold and Expand We will eventually explore all of these through a selection of examples using a variety of digital library systems. Changing the position of this scrollbar moves the view of the search results shown within the two frames in unison. Following the concept of interesting orders 16 introduced in system R  , the optimizer may already have plans that access relations A and B ordered on A.1 and B.2  , respectively . For Binary  , the selection on the key predicate is not required since each attribute has its own table which explains the slight performance advantage. As with joins in relational queries  , optimization of navigation operations is crucial for efficiently executing complex Web queries. Figure 10: Join Redundancy -Composite Tuples the new data share many boolean factors. The " single data-multiple query " composite tuple Figure 10b can be used in conjunction with the sort-merge join based approach to apply the composite tuple to the Data SteM. The identical boolean factors are executed repeatedly over the same data set in the S-Data SteM. The complexity is significantly smaller than the cost of running the original query because e s r i s typically much smaller than the cardinality of the corresponding relation. The total number of operations is also proportional to this term because this query can be best run using Sort- Merge joins by always storing the histograms and the auxiliary relations in sorted order. P and PM behave similarly the lines are parallel  , such that partition/merge retains its advantage . Therefore  , sort-based plans need to allocate only one additional page for loading the currently " active " forwarded object whereas partition-based plans need to allocate more buffer for a partition containing forwards. Sideway functions and sideway values are selectively employed by users for two purposes: a User-guided query output ranking and size control. sources on sort-merge join "   , and this metalink instance is deemed to have the importance sideway value of 0.8. However   , for hash joins optimizing memory usage is likely to be more significant thau CPU load balancing in marry cases and must therefore be considered for dynamic load balaucii in multi-user mode. In 261 we used sort-merge as the local join method and did not consider memcry utilization for load balancing. In addition  , only the bypass plan and the DNF-based plan can easily use a sort-merge implementation of the second join operator semijoin on Cwork . A hash index on Pub1isher.paddre.w can be exploited by an index semijoin in the bypass plan as well as in the DNF-based plan  , but not in the CNF-based plan. For the sort-merge band join  , assuming that the memory is large enough so that both relations can be sorted in two passes each  , the I/O cost consists of three parts: R contain /R pages  , and let S cont'ain ISI pages  , and let  , F he the fraction of R pages that fit in memory. The curve for sort-merge is labeled SM; the curves for Grace partitioned band join and the hybrid partitioned band join are labeled GP and HP  , respectively. Figure 2gives the results for memory sizes ranging from l/10 of R in memory to all of R in memory. Here  , the common change in all plans across the switch-point is that the hash-join between relations PART and PARTSUPP is replaced by a sort-merge-join. Yet another example of such a switch-point is seen in Figure 11a  , obtained with query Q2 on OptA  , at 97% selectivity of the PART relation. Of the pipelined methods  , the nested loops join method outperformed the sort-merge method for this example. The gcncral trend is that the pipelincd join methods - PJSM  , PSSM  , PJNL  , and PSNL -executed the join more quickly than the sequential methods did. without materializing R when D or S when D. HERALD currently supports two strategies for obtaining access to deltas in connection with the hypothetical algebraic operators and other delta operators  , one based on hashing and the other on a sort-merge paradigm. For example  , HERALD provides a hypotlietical join function join-when  , that evaluates the expression join < cond >  , R when D  , S when D. Thus  , providing optimal support for h ,ash-based delta access requires the ability to dynamically partition the buffer pool belween these two tasks. An order is interesting if it is on grouping or join columns of the query since such orders may be useful in a future join or a group-by operation . In particular  , the ordering we have chosen for codewords – ordered by codeword length first and then within each length by the natural ordering of the values is a total order. But in fact  , sort merge join does not need to compare tuples on the traditional '<' operator – any total ordering will do. So we can do sort merge join directly on the coded join columns  , without decoding them first. For many applications  , building the bounding representation can be performed as a precomputation step. A close analogy can be drawn between the relative benefits of quicksort  , which has worst case O  n 2  performance  , versus merge sort  , which has worst case On1ogn; quicksort is preferred for its faster expected execution time. Thus Similarity-Seeker avoids the out-of-memory sort-merge performed by All-IPs with all the associated I/O and computational overheads. Due to the smaller number of sets  , D  , in our case 50 ,000 instead of all the Internet documents we assumed that all the D samples from one permutation can fit in memory. The normalized cost of a plan is defined as the execution cost of the plan divided by the cost of the plan that uses no approximate predicates. When m is a power of 2  , bitonic sort lends itself to a very straight-forward non-recursive implementation based on the above description. For instance   , during the 4-merge phase phase 2 in the figure all compare-and-swaps performed within the first 4-item block are ascending  , whereas they are descending for the second 4-item block. Given an existing single-machine indexer  , one simple way to take advantage of MapReduce is to leverage reducers to merge indexes built on local disk. We discuss alternatives here  , which primarily vary in the extent to which they take advantage of the large distributed group and sort operations built into the MapReduce execution framework. At this point the start position information is used to determine whether the segments occur in the correct order within the protein and if the proper gap constraints between them are met. A more efficient implementation of SSSJ would feed the output of the merge step of the TPIE sort directly into the scan used for the plane-sweep  , thus eliminating one write and one read of the entire data. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written out to disk along with the tags. This approach supports the efficient insertion of data  , but penalizes queries significantly  , as a query has too look up all N*K component trees. The optimizer can consider the relative cost of tuple substitution nested iteration  for implementing the G-Joins and other e.g. , sort-merge implementation methods. Instead of joins  , the optimiser must now enumerate G-Joins  , and must position G-Aggs  , G-Restricts  , Projects   , and Delta-Projects relative to the G-Jo&. In the case of page. the reduction in the number of cache misses is much larger because of the partitioning and the relative overhead of making the partition is correspondingly much smaller. We note that the partitioning helps much more in the case of the sort merge join compared to the hash join because the sorting operation is much more memory intensive and computationally expensive i.e. CPU cost is an important factor in spatial-joins 5. Such violation can occur because presence of an appropriate order on relations can help reduce the cost of a subsequent sort-merge join since the sorting phase is not required. Thus  , violation to the principle of optimal&y requires further extensions. Transformation T 3 : Each index-scan operator in P is replaced with a table-scan operator followed by a selection operator  , where the selection condition is the same as the index-scan condition. So our approach is to heuristically use the equations obtained in Theorem 4  , Theorem 5  , and Corollary 6 to choose which tables need to be sampled and compute their sample sizes  , i.e. For sort-merge join  , which has the time complexity of Onlogn  , there is no easy analytical solution for this case. We will now describe a way to classify a large batch of documents using a sort-merge technique  , which can be written  , with some effort  , directly in SQL. In experimental runs  , about thirty threads fetch a total of 5–10 pages a second   , a typical web page having 200-500 terms  , each term leading to a PROBE. It can be easily seen that the queries for selections . The idea is to create unsorted sequences of records  , where each sequence covers a subset of the dataspace that is disjoint to the subsets covered by the other sequences. The number of times a keyword pair u  , v appears in this file is exactly the same as Au  , v. When necessary  , Ontobroker builds the appropriate indices to speed up query evaluation  , and  , when multiple CPUs are available  , it parallelizes the computation . To evaluate a query  , it first builds a cost model and then decides which optimizations to use  , what order to choose for joining the predicates in rule premises  , and which methods to use for each individual join e.g. , nested loops  , sort-merge. To the best' of our knowledge  , currently systems implement band joins using eitfher nested loops or sort.-merge. We use the term " hand " heca.uae a InpIe 7 in R joins with a tuple s in S only if r. A appears within a " hand " of size cl + c2 about s-5. Nore the similarity in the shapes and relative positions of the curves to those generated by the analytical model  , shown in Figure 1. After sorting   , the join computation at the next level can then start based on the ordered indexes. During sorting  , the Ibis only need to be read once if they fit into the buffer  , or more than once " if merge-sort is required for a smaller buffer. Thus  , MPBSM has a slight advantage in our implementation because it makes one less scan of the data on disk. Finally  , the optimher can often pipeline operations if the intermediate results are correctly grouped or ordered  , thereby avoiding the cost of storing temporaries which is basically the only advantage of tuple substitution. Using a data structure which maintains the edges in the sorted order of edgeIDs  , the redundant edge elimination step can be implemented using a sort-merge based scheme. The cost of the output graph after combination is equal to the sum of the remaining edges i.e. , less than or equal to the sum of the sub-result costs. When sorting order is important  , the optimizer adds a  ,modified combine node called merge-combine above the index-scanned relation. Obviously with 900 megabytes or more of buffer pool space  , a DBMS will keep large portions of data base objects in main memory. The resulting one record temporary will reside in main memory where a single extra page fetch will obtain the matching values from R3. The first option will perform a diskbased merge-sort join of Rl and R2  , at a cost of 2P * log P + 2P. Evaluating the k+1 th predicate  , however  , will further cut down on the number of protein ids that emerge from the merge join  , which in turn reduces the number of protein tuples that have to be retrieved. The cost of adding another query predicate to the MISSk plan is the sum of the time to scan the segment index for the k+1 th predicate  , the time to sort the results by protein id and start position  , and the time to add these results to the segment merge join. By these  , and a bag of other tricks  , we managed to keep the overhead for maintaining the state-information a small fraction of the essential operations of reading and merging blocks of pairs of document ids and score  , sorted by document id. Moreover  , many data sources do not support sorting operation  , which only accept queries with the input of a target relation and a selection predicate  , although the query form does not always follow the SQL syntax. To determine the amount of paging disk I/OS acceptable for a hash join  , it should be considered that paging I/OS are random acesses on the paging disk  , while file I/OS of sort/merge and hybrid joins have sequential access patterns. Big gaps inside a hash table may in some operating systems cause large swap files to be allocated   , wasting disk space resources. At query time  , when OSCAR begins to scan a new run of blocks  , it uses the latest value returned by the r- UDF to only read from a corresponding fraction of the blocks in this new run. In the next step we sort the resulting clusters by their total size in lines in decreasing order  , such that according to property iv  , the largest clusters should contain the main text blocks. We chose 10 as the distance threshold  , however  , this parameter is not too critical; it should be large enough to allow for some variability for the alignment of blocks inside a column  , but small enough not to merge blocks across columns or very short blocks. Conceptually  , HERALD represents a delta as a collection of pairs Ri  , R ,  , specifying the proposed inserts and deletes for each relation variable R in the program. The result is that the external sort is less vulnerable to memory shor- Iilges in the first step  , but becomes more vulnerable in the final step due IO the larger number of runs that are left until the final s~cp. In contrast  , opt nttcmpts to minimize cost by merging as few runs in the first step as possible without increasing the number of merge steps. For ESTER  , we implemented a particularly efficient realization of a hash join which exploits that the word ranges of our queries are small. The join query is a standard database operation  , which can be realized in essentially two ways: by a merge join sort the lists by word ids and then intersect or by a hash join compute the list of word ids that occur in both lists via hashing. But  , in the same picture  , there are switch-points occurring at 26% and 50% in the PARTSUPP selectivity range  , that result in a counter-intuitive non-monotonic cost behavior   , as shown in the corresponding cost diagram of Fig- ure 11b . Among the nested loops methods  , the sequential ones have higher disk costs than the pipelined methods due to the storage and retrieval of the received relation; this is especially true for the sequential join case SJNL  , which builds an index on the received relation at S ,. The purpose of the calibrating database is to use it to calibrate the coefficients in the cost formulae for any given relational DBMS. This poses the following two major predicatability problems: the problem of predicting how the system will execute e.g  , use index or sequntial scan  , use nested loop or sort merge a given query; the problem of eliminating the effect of data placement   , pagination and other storage implementation factors that can potentially distort the observations and thus lead to unpredictable behavior. Assume that nested loop and sort-merge are the only two methods . While considering the join between R and S  , the choice between evaluating or not evaluating an early group-by will be considered and the cheapest plan will be retained for joining with T. Let us now consider the plans that are generated by the greedy conservative heuristic while considering the join between R and S with an early group-by. For now  , for the problem at hand  , we will illustrate how with CSN we can direct the ACM Digital Library to recognize the two separate occurrences of Rüger's as one with the Firstname action. Accent  , Punctuation  , Firstname  , Name Authority  Edit  , Sort Same  , Merge  , Delete  , Undo  Fold and Expand We will eventually explore all of these through a selection of examples using a variety of digital library systems. We consider a slightly more complicated example query with this operator " List for big cities their population number as a percentage of their state's population " : D cities select The smjoin operator performs a sort/merge join. This operator can be applied to a relation with a set of points and a relation with a set of regions; it performs a plane-sweep PrS85 to join tuples of the two operand relations where the point is contained in the region. Further  , the construction of the database  , posing of the query  , and the observations are to be done as a user to this 'black-box' DBMS. In this region  , increasing M leads to fewer sorted runs at the end of the split phase  , and hence lower disk seek costs when the runs are merged; this accounts for the slight reductions in response time at the right-hand side of Figure 5. The NN plan using naive pointer chasing both for Map lookup and dereferencing S does not even show up in the plot due to its run time of 6'20 hours for 1 MB to 4' 10 hours for a 6 MB buffer. We then apply the sort and merge procedure addling the counts from matching content- ID C content-ID pairs to produce a list of all <content-ID  , content-ID  , count> triplets sorted by the first content-ID and the second content-ID. To do this  , we expand L into a list of <content-ID  , content-ID  , count of common shingles> triplets by taking each shingle that appears in multiple contents and generating the complete set of <content-ID  , content-ID  , 1> triplets for that shingle. This slight performance improvement of the log-merged results over the sort-merged results on a web-domain partitioned collection is consistent with the results observed in the TREC 2005 when the collection was divided arbitrarily into a small number of subcollections with uniform size. We take a multi-phase optimization approach to cope with the complexity of parallel multijoin query optimization. Parallel multi-join query optimization is even harder 9  , 14  , 25.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization.  Query execution. a join order optimization of triple patterns performed before query evaluation. We focus on static query optimization  , i.e. Query optimization is a fundamental and crucial subtask of query execution in database management systems. Specify individual optimization rules. Any truly holistic query optimization approach compromises the extensibility of the system. There has been a lot of work in multi-query optimization for MV advisors and rewrite. First  , is to include multi-query optimization in CQ refresh. We now apply query optimization strategies whenever the schema changes. We now highlight some of the semantic query optimizationSQO strategies used by our run time optimizer. Thus the system has to perform plan migration after the query optimization. In query optimization using views  , to compute probabilities correctly we must determine how tuples are correlated. portant drawbacks with lineage for information exchange and query optimization using views. Semantic query optimization is well motivated in the literature6 ,5 ,7  , as a new dimension to conventional query optimization. is implemented as a rule-based system. Our experiments were carried out with Virtuoso RDBMS  , certain optimization techniques for relational databases can also be applied to obtain better query performance. Meta query optimization. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. Multi-query optimization is a technique working at query compilation phase. Multi-query optimization detects common inter-and intra-query subexpressions and avoids redundant computation 10  , 3  , 18  , 19. This comprises the construction of optimized query execution plans for individual queries as well as multi-query optimization. Logical query optimization uses equalities of query expressions to transform a logical query plan into an equivalent query plan that is likely to be executed faster or with less costs. Optimization. It complements the conventional query optimization phase. This is exactly the concept of Coarse-Grained Optimization CGO. One category of research issues deals with mechanisms to exploit interactions between relational query optimization and E-ADT query optimization. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. As in applying II to conventional query optimization  , an interesting question that arises in parametric query optimization is how to determine the running time of a query optimizer for real applications . These results are very promising and indicate that  , by using sipIIsl  , parametric query optimization can be efficiently supported in current systems. Not only are these extra joins expensive  , but because the complexity of query optimization is exponential in the amount of joins  , SPARQL query optimization is much more complex than SQL query optimization. SQL systems tend to be more efficient than triple stores  , because the latter need query plans with many self-joins – one per SPARQL triple pattern. The optimization on this query is performed twice. This query is shown in Figure 7. 33. 6  reports on a rule-based query optimizer generator  , which was designed for their database generator EXODUS 2. Rule-based query optimization is not an entirely new idea: it is borrowed from relational query optimization  , e.g. , 5  , 8  , 13  , 141. We divide the optimization task into the following three phases: 1 generating an optimized query tree  , 2 allocating query operators in the query tree to machines  , and 3 choosing pipelined execution methods. Breaking the Optimization Task. The parallel query plan will be dete&iined by a post optimization phase after the sequential query optimization . DB2 query optimizer has the' cost function in terms of resource consumption such as t.he CPU 'dime and I/O time. Typically  , all sub-expressions need to be optimized before the SQL query can be optimized. Query Optimization: The optimization of an SQL query uses cost-based techniques to search for a cheap evaluation plan from a large space of options. Query optimization in general is still a big problem. ? The architecture should readily lend itself to query optimization. 4. Optimization of the internal query represen- tation. 2. Good query optimization is as important for 00 query languages as it is for relational query languages. 5 21. Mid-query re-optimization  , progressive optimization  , and proactive re-optimization instead initially optimize the entire plan; they monitor the intermediate result sizes during query execution  , and re-optimize only if results diverge from the original estimates. The optimization of each stage can use statistics cardinality   , histograms computed on the outputs of the previous stages. However  , semantic optimization increases the search space of possible plans by an order of magnitude  , and very ellicient searching techniques are needed to keep .the cost'of optimization within reasonable limits. As a result  , large SPARQL queries often execute with a suboptimal plan  , to much performance detriment. Then query optimization takes place in two steps. The Query Evaluator parses the query and builds an operator based query tree. The optimization goal is to find the execution plan which is expected to return the result set fastest without actually executing the query or subparts. This simplifies query optimization Amma85. Second  , the project operations are posponed until the end of the query evaluation. They investigate the applicability of common query optimization techniques to answer tree-pattern queries. Cost-based query optimization techniques for XML 22  , 29 are also related to our work. Substantial research on object-oriented query optimization has focused on the design and use of path indexes  , e.g. , BK89  , CCY94  , KM92. For query optimization  , we show how the DataGuide can be used as a parh index. Note that most commercial database systems allow specifying top-k query and its optimization. In general  , the need for rank-aware query optimization and possible approaches to supporting it is discussed in 25. The notion of using algebraic transformations for query optimization was originally developed for the relational algebra. We would like to develop a formal basis for query optimization for data models which are based on bags. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. In Section 2  , we model the search space  , which describes the query optimization problem and the associated cost model. Finally  , the optimal query correlatioñ Q opt is leveraged for query suggestion. Typically  , the optimization finishes within 30 iterations. The optimization problem of join order selection has been extensively studied in the context of relational databases 12  , 11  , 16. Picking the next query edge to fix is essentially a query optimization problem. This is in some cases not guaranteed in the scope of object-oriented query languages 27. 3 Dynamic Query Optimization Ouery optimization in conventional DBS can usually be done at compile time. While research in the nested algebra optimization is still in its infancy  , several results from relational algebra optimization 13 ,141 can be extended to nested relations. The QUERY LANGUAGE OPTIMIZER will optimize this query into an optimized access plan. IQP: we consider a modified version of the budget constrained optimization method proposed in 13 as a query selection baseline. Therefore  , the optimization function is changed to 6 also gives an overview over current and future development activities. Cost based optimization will be explored as another avenue of future work. Our current implementation is based on rule-based query optimization. Each iteralion contains a well-defined sequence of query optimization followed by data allocation optimization. The iterative approach controls the overall complexity of the combined problem. the optimization time of DPccp is always 1. As the optimization time varies greatly with the query size  , all performance numbers are given relative to DPccp  , e.g. More importantly  , multi-query optimization can provide not only data sharing but also common computation sharing. However  , the multi-query optimization technique can provide maximized capabilities of data sharing across queries once multiple queries are optimized as a batch. The major form of query optimization employed in KCRP results from proof schema structure sharing. . In a set-at-a-time system  , query optimization can take place at at least two levels. -We shall compare the methods for extensible optimization in more detail in BeG89. Another approach to extensible query optimization using the rules of a grammar to construct query plans is described in Lo88. A novel architecture for query optimization based on a blackboard which is organized in successive regions has been devised. For illustration purpose a sample optimization was demonstrated. Our approach allows both safe optimization and approximate optimization. The amount of pruning can be controlled by the user as a function of time allocated for query evaluation. A modular arrangement of optimization methods makes it possible to add  , delete and modify individual methods  , without affecting the rest. The optimization problem becomes even more interesting in the light of interactive querying sessions 2  , which should be quite common when working with inductive databases. This is effectively an optimization problem  , not unlike the query optimization problem in relational databases. That is  , we break the optimization task into several phases and then optimize each phase individually. Query Evaluation: If a query language is specified  , the E- ADT must provide the ability to execute the optimized plan. Query Operators and Optimization: If a declarative query language is specified  , the E-ADT must provide optimization abilities that will translate a language expression into a query evaluation plan in some evaluation algebra. This expansion allows the query optimizer to consider all indexes on relations referenced in a query. To give the optimizer more transformation choices  , relational query optimization techniques first expand all views referenced in a query and then apply cost-based optimization strategies on the fully expanded query 16 22 . First we conduct experiments to compare the query performance using V ERT G without optimization  , with Optimization 1 and with Optimization 2. In this section we present experimental results. The current implementation of DARQ uses logical query optimization in two ways. It utilizes containment mapping for identifying redundant navigation patterns in a query and later for collapsing them to minimize the query. 9 exploits XQuery containment for query optimization. 14 into an entity-based query interface and provides enhanced data independence   , accurate query semantics  , and highlevel query optimization 6 13. 17  and object-oriented approaches e.g. We represent the query subject probability as P sb S and introduce it as the forth component to the parsing optimization. Query open doesn't have the query subject. After query planning the query plan consists of multiple sub-queries. To build the plan we use logical and physical query optimization. Secondly  , relational algebra allows one to reason about query execution and optimization. This allows the result of one query to be used in the next query. We abstract two models — query and keyword language models — to study bidding optimization prob- lems. 1. The query optimization steps are described as transformation rules or rewriting rules 7. 0 That is  , any query optimization paradig plugged-in. The signature of the SumScan operator is: open. ASW87 found this degree of precision adequate in the setting of query optimization. Astrahan  , et al. What happens when considering complex queries ? We showed the optimization of a simple query. This problem can also be solved by employing existing optimization techniques. 13 for query q. And does this have impact with our technique ? We introduce a new loss function that emphasizes certain query-document pairs for better optimization. : Multiple-query optimization MQO 20 ,19 identifies common sub-expressions in query execution plans during optimization  , and produces globally-optimal plans. To avoid unnecessary materializations  , a recent study 6 introduces a model that decides at the optimization phase which results can be pipelined and which need to be materialized to ensure continuous progress in the system. For instance   , NN queries over an attribute set A can be considered as model-based optimization queries with F  θ  , A as the distance function e.g. , Euclidean and the optimization objective is minimization. This definition is very general  , and almost any type of query can be considered as a special case of model-based optimization query. This lower optimization cost is probably just an artifact of a smaller search space of plans within the query optimizer  , and not something intrinsic to the query itself. Figure 2shows that the optimization cost of all three queries is comparable  , although Q 2 has a noticeably lower optimization cost. Heuristics-based optimization techniques generally work without any knowledge of the underlying data. Heuristics-based optimization techniques include exploiting syntactic and structural variations of triple patterns in a query 27  , and rewriting a query using algebraic optimization techniques 12 and transformation rules 15 . The optimization cost becomes comparable to query execution cost  , and minimizing execution cost alone would not minimize the total cost of query evaluation  , as illustrated in Fig Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. Both directions of the transformation should be considered in query optimization. Figure 2a and Classical database query optimization techniques are not employed in KCRP currently  , but such optimization techniques as pushing selections within joins  , and taking joins in the most optimal order including the reordering of database literals across rules must be used in a practical system to improve RAP execution. Our experiments show that the SP approach gives a decent performance in terms of number of triples  , query size and query execution time. Since only default indexes were created  , and no optimization was provided   , this leaves a room for query optimization in order to obtain a better query performance. For the query performance  , the SP queries give the best performance  , which is expected and consistent with the query length comparison. RDF native query engines typically use heuristics and statistics about the data for selecting efficient query execution plans 27. In this paper  , we present a value-addition tool for query optimizers that amortizes the cost of query optimization through the reuse of plans generated for earlier queries. The inherent cost of query optimization is compounded by the fact that typically each new query that is submitted to the database system is optimized afresh. The detection of common sub-expressions is done at optimization time  , thus  , all queries need to be optimized as a batch. Finally  , our focus is on static query optimization techniques. In fact  , the query performance of query engines is not just affected by static query optimization techniques but  , for instance  , also by the design of index structures or the accuracy of statistical information. By contrast  , we postpone work on query optimization in our geographic scalability agenda  , preferring to first design and validate the scalability of our query execution infrastructure. To our knowledge  , Mariposa was never deployed or simulated on more than a dozen machines  , and offered no new techniques for query execution  , only for query optimization and storage replication. In general  , any query adjustment has to be undertaken before any threshold setting  , as it aaects both ast1 and the scores of the judged documents  , all of which are used in threshold setting. These include: Reweighting query terms Query expansion based on term selection value Query optimization weights anddor selection of terms Threshold optimization. We begin in Section 2 by motivating our approach to order optimization by working through the optimization of a simple example query based on the TPC-H schema using the grouping and secondary ordering inference techniques presented here. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of SELECT c custkey  , COUNT * FROM Customer  , Supplier WHERE c nationkey = s nationkey GROUPBY c custkey Figure 1: A Simple Example Query query optimization Section 5. On the other  , they are useful for query optimization via query rewriting. On the one hand  , the kinds of identities above attest to the naturality of our deenitions. Optimization of this query should seek to reduce the work required by PARTITION BY and ORDER BYs. The main query uses these results. Our work builds on this paradigm. However  , sound applications of rewrite rules generate alternatives to a query that are semantically equivalent. 'I'he traditional optimization problem is to choose an optimal plan for a query. Relational optimizers thus do global optimization by looking inside all referenced views. The paper is organized as follows. Furthermore  , the rules discovered can be used for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. Optimization techniques are discussed in Section 3. In Section 2  , query model is formalized by defining all the algebraic operations required to compute answers to a query. That is  , at each stage a complete query evaluation plan exists. The " wholistic " approaches  , e.g. , 26  , 41  , consider an optimization graph-logical or physical--representing the entire query. They suffer from the same problems mentioned above. SQL-based query engines rely on relational database systems storage and query optimization techniques to efficiently evaluate SPARQL queries. The query engine uses this information for query planning and optimization. Data sources are described by service descriptions see Section 3.1. During the query optimization phase  , each query is broken down into a number of subqueries on the fragments . We discuss extensions in $2.3. JOQR is similar in functionality to a conventional query optimizer . We adopt a two-phase approach HS91 to parallel query optimization: JOQR followed by parallelization. Sections 4 and 5 detail a query evaluation method and its optimization techniques. Section 3 explains query generation without using a large lexicon. , April 21–25  , 2008ACM 978-1-60558-085-2/08/04. Query queries  , we have developed an optimization that precomputes bounds. Unfortunately  , restructuring of a query is not feasible if it uses different types of distance-combining functions. Table  IncludingPivot and Unpivot explicitly in the query language provides excellent opportunities for query optimization. These operations provide the framework to enable useful extensions to data modeling. Still  , strategy 11 is only a local optimization on each query. A simplr I ,RU type strategy like strategy W  , ignoring the query semantics  , performs very badly. The main concerns were directed at the unique operations: inclusive query planning and query optimization. Validity  , reliability  , and efficiency are more complex issues to evaluate. On the other hand  , more sophisticated query optimization and fusion techniques are required. Data is not replicated and is guaranteed to be fresh at query time. Tioga will optimize by coalescing queries when coalescing is advantageous. An optimization available on megaplans is to coalesce multiple query plans into a single composite query plan. In the third stage  , the query optimizer takes the sub-queries and builds an optimized query execution plan see Section 3.3. It highlights that our query optimization has room for improvement. We consider that this is due to a better consideration of this query particular pattern. Weights  , constraints  , functional attributes  , and optimization functions themselves can all change on a per-query basis . The attributes involved in each query will be different. The consideration of RDF as database model puts forward the issue of developing coherently all its database features. query optimization  , query rewriting  , views  , update. Motivated by the above  , we have studied the problem of optimizing queries for all possible values of runtime parameters that are unknown at optimization time a task that we call Parametric Query Optimiration   , so that the need for re-optimization is reduced. When these optimization-time assumptions are violated at execu-tion time  , m-optimization is needed or performance suffers. The multi-query optimization technique has the most restrictive requirement on the arrival times of different queries due to the limitation that multiple queries must be optimized as a batch. Thus  , a main strength of FluXQuery is its extensibility and the ability to benefit from a large body of previous database research on algebraic query optimization. Query optimization is carried out on an algebraic  , query-language level rather than  , say  , on some form of derived automata. On the other hand  , declarative query languages are easier to read since inherently they describe only the goal of the query in a simpler syntax  , and automatic optimization can be done to some degree. Manual optimization is easily possible without having to know much about the query engine's internals. This post optimizer kxamines the sequential query plan to see how to parallelize a gequential plan segment and estimates the overhead as welLas the response time reduction if this plan segment is executed in parallel. The query optimizer can add-derivation operators in a query expression for optimization purpose without explicitly creating new graph view schemes in the database. The query optimizer can naturally exploit this second optimization by dynamically building a temporary graph view: bfaidhd = e QEdge:rmdtypd'main mad " @oad and by applying Paths0 on it. optimization cost so far + execution cost is minimum. The notation is summarized in Integrated Semantic Query Optimization ISQO: This is the problem of searching the space of all possible query execution plans for all the semantically equivalent queries  , hut stopping the search when the total query evaluation time i.e. Query Language: An E-ADT can provide a query language with which expressions over values of/that E-ADT can be specified for example  , the relation E-ADT'may provide SQL as the query language  , and the sequence E-ADT may provide SEQinN. Our query language permits several  , possibly interrelated  , path expressions in a single query  , along with other query constructs. However  , we decided to build a new overall optimization framework for a number of reasons: Previous work has considered the optimization of single path expressions e.g. , GGT96  , SMY90. We differ in that 1 if the currently executing plan is already optimal  , then query re-optimization is never invoked. Techniques for dynamic query re-optimization 1615 attempt to detect sub-optimal plans during query execution and possibly re-use any intermediate results generated to re-compute the new optimal plan. However  , unlike query optimization which must necessarily preserve query equivalence  , our techniques lead to mappings with better semantics  , and so do not preserve equivalence. Our techniques are in the same spirit of work on identifying common expressions within complex queries for use in query optimization 25. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS97  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. Optimizing a query into a single plan may result in a substantially sub-optimal plan if the actual values are different from those assumed at optimization time GW89. For achieving efficiency and handling a general class of XQuery codes  , we generate executable for a query directly  , instead of decomposing the query at the operator level and interpreting the query plan. Second  , we present a new optimization called the control-aware optimization   , which can improve the efficiency of streaming code. When the SQL engine parses the query  , it passes the image expression to the image E-ADT   , which performs type checking and returns an opaque parse structure ParseStruct. This is an issue that requires further study in the form of a comprehensive performance evaluation on sipI1. Subsequently  , Colde and Graefe 8 proposed a new query optimization model which constructs dynamic plans at compile-time and delays some of the query optimization until run-time. Graefe and Ward 15 focused on determining when re-optimizing a given query that is issued repeatedly is necessary. The challenge in designing such a RISCcomponent successfully is to identify optimization techniques that require us to enumerate only a few of all the SPJ query sub-trees. Yet  , layering enables us to view the optimization problem for SPJ+Aggregation query engine as the problem of moving and replicating the partitioning and aggregation functions on top of SPJ query sub-trees. In FS98 two optimization techniques for generalized path expressions are presented  , query pruning and query rewriting using state extents. In CCM96  an algebraic framework for the optimization of generalized path expressions in an OODBMS is proposed  , including an approach that avoids exponential blow-up in the query optimizer while still offering flexibility in the ordering of operations. In section 6 the performance measurement is presented  , and finally section 7 summarizes our experiences and outlines future work. Kabra and DeWitt 21 proposed an approach collecting statistics during the execution of complex queries in order to dynamically correct suboptimal query execution plans. LEO is aimed primarily at using information gleaned from one or more query executions to discern trends that will benefit the optimization of future queries. Both solutions deal with dynamic reoptimization of parts of a single query  , but they do not save and exploit this knowledge for the next query optimization run. If the format of a query plan is restricted in some manner  , this search space will be reduced and optimization will be less expensive. For example  , during optimization  , the space of alternative query plans is searched in order to find the " optimal " query plan. There are six areas of work that are relevant to the research presented here: prefetching  , page scheduling for join execution  , parallel query scheduling  , multiple query optimization  , dynamic query optimization and batching in OODBs. Another topic for future \irork is providing support for cancelling submitted subqueries to the scheduler when a restrict or a join node yields an empty result. The idea of the interactive query optimization test was to replace the automatic optimization operation by an expert searcher  , and compare the achieved performance levels as well as query structures. The searcher is able to study  , in a convenient and effortless way  , the effects of query changes. Query optimization: DBMSs typically maintain histograms 15 reporting the number of tuples for selected attribute-value ranges. l Once registered in Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. Service Descriptions are represented in RDF. Furthermore  , service descriptions can include statistical information used for query optimization. Even the expressions above and in And as such these approaches offer excellent opportunities for query optimization. Mondial 18 is a geographical database derived from the CIA Factbook. So  , the query offers opportunities for optimization. Open PHACTS 15   , query optimization time dominates and can run into the tens of seconds. In many RDF applications  , e.g. Extensions to the model are considered in Section 5. Section 4 deals with query evaluation and optimization. Search stops when the optimization cost in last step dominates the improvement in query execution cost. mi. We know that these query optimizations can greatly improve performance. Pipelined join execution is a Pipelining optimization. Generate the set of equivalent queries. which fragments slmultl be fetched from tertiary memory . part of the scheduler to do multiple query optimization betwtcn the subqucries. The optimization in Eq. The numbering in the query canvas implies the order in which the faces are specified. In Section 2 we present related work on query optimization and statistical databases. POP places CHECK operators judiciously in query execution plans. If the CHECK condition is violated  , CHECK triggers re-optimization. Graefe surveys various principles and techniques Gra93. A large body of work exists on query optimization in databases. There are several open challenges for our CQ architecture. Histograms were one of the earliest synopses used in the context of database query optimization 29  , 25. 5. In the context of deductive databases. Identifying common sub-expressions is central to the problem of multiple query optimization. In Section 3  , we describe our new optimization technique . In the next section  , we describe query evaluation in INQUERY. The second optimization exploits the concept of strong-token. Suppose we derive h hit-sequences from a query document. The three products differ greatly from each other with respect to query optimization techniques. We start explaining DJ's techniques. A key difference in query optimization is that we usually have access to the view definitions. 5.2. This makes them difficult to work with from an optimization point of view. Query execution times are  , in theory  , unbounded. Here n denotes the number of documents associated with query q i . , which makes the optimization infeasible. Analogous to order optimization we call this grouping optimization and define that the set of interesting groupings for a given query consists of 1. all groupings required by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query 2. all groupings produced by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query. by avoiding re-hashing if such information was easily available. A database system that can effectively handle the potential variations in optimization queries will benefit data exploration tasks. They are complementary to our study as they target an environment where a cost-based optimization module is available. In the area of Semantic Query Optimization  , starting with King King81  , researchers have proposed various ways to use integrity constraints for optimization. The idea of using integrity constraints to optimize queries is not new. In particular  , we describe three optimization techniques that exploit text-centric actions that IE programs often execute. Unlike current extraction approaches  , we show that this framework is highly amenable to query optimization . The Auto-Fusion Optimization involves iterations of fusion runs i.e. , result merging  , where best performing systems in selected categories e.g. , short query  , top 10 systems  , etc. This year  , we devised another alternative fusion weight determination method called Auto-Fusion Optimization. Our demonstration also includes showing the robustness POP adds to query optimization for these sources of errors. All of these sources of errors can trigger re-optimization because of a violation of the validity ranges. Thus  , optimizing the evaluation of boolean expressions seems worthwhile from the standpoint of declarative query optimization as well as method optimization. The need for optimizing methods in object bases has been motivated by GM88  , LD91. This file contains various classes of optimization/translation rules in a specific syntax and order. The information needed for optimization and query translation itself comes from a text file " OptimizationRules " . The DBS3 optimizer uses efficient non-exhaustive search strategies LV91 to reduce query optimization cost. When compared through this metrics  , many more tentative PTs are kept during the search  , thereby increasing significantly the optimization cost. Indeed  , our investigation can be regarded as the analogue for updates of fundamental invest ,igat.ions on query equivalence and optimization. Most of our results concern transaction equivalence and optimization. In all experiments  , TSA yields the best optimization/execution cost  , ratio. The major contribution of this paper is an extension of SA called Toured Simulated Annealing TSA  , to better deal with parallel query optimization. Contrary to previous works  , our results show clearly that parallel query optimization should not imply restricting the search space to cope with the additional complexity. For this purpose; we extended randomized strategies for parallel optimization  , and demonstrated their effectiveness. Further  , we also improve on their solution. In the next Section we discuss the problem of LPT query optimization where we import the polynomial time solution for tree queries from Ibaraki 841 to this general model of  ,optimization. For example   , if NumRef is set to the number of relations in the query  , it is not clear how and what information should be maintained to facilitate incremental optimization . Second  , the proposed incremental optimization strategy has a limitation. Following Hong and Stonebraker HS91  , we break the optimization problem into two phases: join ordering followed by parallelization. We address the problem of parallel query optimization  , which is to find optimal parallel plans for executing SQL queries. Clearly  , the elimination of function from the path length of high traffic interactions is a possible optimization strategy. Others question the propriety of removing DBMS services such as query optimization and views and suggest utilizing only high level interfaces. We have demonstrated the effects of query optimization by means of performance experiments. The primary contribution of this research is to underscore the importance of algebraic optimization for sequence queries along with a declarative language in which to express them. Our second goal with this demo is to present some of our first experiments with query optimization in Galax. Researchers interested in optimization for XQuery can implement their work in a context where the details of XQuery cannot be overlooked. We also showed how to incorporate our strategies into existing query optimizers for extensible databases. Our optimization strategies are provably good in some scenarios  , and serve as good heuristics for other scenarios where the optimization problem is NP-hard. AQuery builds on previous language and query optimization work to accomplish the following goals: 1. Edge optimization and sort splitting and embedding seem to be particularly promising for order-dependent queries. These optimization rules follow from the properties described earlier for PIVOT and UNPIVOT. The architecture of our query optimizer is based on the Cascades framework 3  , which enables defining new relational operators and optimization rules for them. However  , we can think of static optimization such as determining whether a query or a subquery is type-invalid early by inspecting the type information to avoid useless evaluation over potentially large amounts of irrelevant data. The method normalizes retrieval scores to probabilities of relevance prels  , enabling the the optimization of K by thresholding on prel. The threshold K was calculated dynamically per query using the Score-Distributional Threshold Optimization SDTO 1. This also implies that for a QTree this optimization can be used only once. If the outer query already uses GROUP-BY then the above optimization can not be applied. While ATLAS performs sophisticated local query optimization   , it does not attempt to perform major changes in the overall execution plan  , which therefore remains under programmer's control. and in-memory table optimization  , is carried out during this step. The direct applicability of logical optimization techniques such as rewriting queries using views  , semantic optimization and minimization to XQuery is precluded by XQuery's definition as a functional language 30. Finally query generation tools tend to generate non-minimal queries 31. The query term selection optimization was evaluated by changing /3 and 7. Although the precision decreased by several percent  , especially in the middle ranges in recall  , the combined optimization speeded retrieval by a factor of 10. A powerful 00 data modelling language permits the construction of more complex schemas than for relational databases. In order to query iDM  , we have developed a simple query language termed iMeMex Query Language iQL that we use to evaluate queries on a resource view graph. Therefore  , we follow the same principle as LUBM where query patterns are stated in descending order  , w.r.t. We deem query plan optimization an integral part of an efficient query evaluation. Given a logical query  , the T&O performs traditional query optimization tasks such as plan enumeration  , evaluating join orderings  , index selections and predicate place- ment U1188  , CS96  , HSSS. Our approach incorporates a traditional query optimizer T&O  , as a component. The different formats that exist for query tree construction range from simple to complex. As will be shown  , the different formats offer different tradeoffs  , both during query optimization and query execution. In database query languages late binding is somewhat problematic since good query optimization is very important to achieve good performance. Having late binding in the query language is necessary @ the presence of inheritance and operator overloading. There is currently no optimization performed across query blocks belonging to different E-ADTs . In this example   , the SQL optimizer is called on the outer query block  , and the SEQUIN optimizer operates on the nested query block. The entity types of our sample environment are given in Figs. In our experiments we found that binning by query length is both conceptually simple and empirically effective for retrieval optimization. Any query-dependent feature or combination of thereof can be used for query binning. Dynamic re-optimization techniques augment query plans with special operators that collect statistics about the actual data during the execution of a query 9  , 13. Moreover  , our approach is effective for any join query and predicate combinations. If a query can m-use cached steps  , the rest of the parsing and optimization is bypassed. These include exact match of the query text and equivalent host types from where the query originated. The task of the query optimizer is to build a feasible and cost-effective query execution plan considering limitations on the access patterns. Also  , the underlying query optimizer may produce sub-optimal physical plans due to assumptions of predicate independence. For this modularity  , we pay the penalty of inefficient query optimizers that do not tightly couple alternate query generation with cost-based optimization . DB2 Information Integrator deploys cost-based query optimization to select a low cost global query plan to execute . Statistics about the remote databases are collected and maintained at II for later use by the optimizer for costing query plans. We discuss the various query plans in a bit more detail as the results are presented. Consequently  , all measurements reported here are for compiled query plan execution i.e. , they do not include query optimization overhead. Development of such query languages has prompted research on new query optimization methods  , e.g. The evolution of relational databases into Object-Relational databases has created the need for relationally complete and declarative Object-Oriented 00 query languages. By compiling into an algebraic language  , we facilitate query optimization. Secondly  , many query optimizers work on algebraic representations of queries  , and try to optimize the order of operations to minimize the cost while still computing an algebraically equivalent query. Semantic query optimization can be viewed as the search for the minimum cost query execution plan in the space of all possible execution plans of the various semantically equivalent hut syntactically ditferent versions of the original query. Heurirtic Marching: We note that other researchers have termed such queries 'set queries' Gavish and Segev 19861. Query optimization derives a strategy for transmitting and joining these relations in order to minimize query total time or query response time. FluXQuery is  , to our knowledge  , the first XQuery engine that optimizes query evaluation using schema constraints derived from DTDs 1 . Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , it also improves query execution efficiency since it makes it possible for optimizers to always run at their highest optimization level as the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. We have presented and evaluated PLASTIC  , a valueaddition tool for query optimizers that attempts to efficiently and accurately predict  , given previous training instances   , what plans would be chosen by the optimizer for new queries. RuralCafe  , then allows the users to choose appropriate query expansion terms from a list of popular terms. The first optimization is to suggest associated popular query terms to the user corresponding to a search query. The objective of this class of queries is to test whether the selectivity of the text query plays a role in query optimization. A natural example of such a query is searching for catalog items by price and description. The optimal point for this optimization query this query is B.1.a. Since the worklist is now empty  , we have completed the query and return the best point. The next important phase in query compilation is Query Optimization. A prominent example in which this can happen is a query with a Boolean AND expression if one of the subexpressions returns false and the other one returns an error. There are several reasons for wanting to restrict the design of a query tree. Planning a function like S&QWN causes the optimization of the embedded query to be performed. However  , existing work primarily focuses on various aspects of query-local data management  , query execution   , and optimization. In addition to the early work on Web queries  , query execution over Linked Data on the WWW has attracted much attention recently 9 ,10 ,12 ,13 ,14. The trade-off between re-optimization and improved runtime must be weighed in order to be sure that reoptimization will result in improved query performance. It remains future work to investigate whether and when re-optimization of a query should take place. The blackbox ADT approach for executing expensive methods in SQL is to execute them once for each new combination of arguments. A control strategy is needed to decide on the rewrite rules that should be applied to a given statement sequence. These optimizations are similar to rewrite rules used in conventional single-query optimization 4 as well as in multi-query optimization 1  , 6. With such an approach  , no new execution operators are required  , and little new optimization or costing logic is needed. Transforming PIVOT into GROUP BY early in query compilation for example  , at or near the start of query optimization or heuristic rewrite requires relatively few changes on the part of the database implementer. Optimization during query compilr tion assumes the entire buffer pool is available   , but in or&r to aid optimization at nmtime  , the query tree is divided into fragments. Compared to the global re-optimization of query plans  , our inspection approach can be regarded as a complementary   , local optimization technique inside the hash join operator. If the operator detects that the actual statistics deviate considerably from the optimizer's estimates  , the current execution plan is stopped and a new plan is used for the remainder of the query. The Plastic system  , proposed in GPSH02   , amortizes the cost of query optimization by reusing the plans generated by the optimizer. CHS99  proposes least expected cost query optimization which takes distribution of the parameter values as its input and generates a plan that is expected to perform well when each parameter takes a value from its distribution at run-time. Optimization for queries on local repositories has also focused on the use of specialized indices for RDF or efficient storage in relational databases  , e.g. Research on query optimization for SPARQL includes query rewriting 9 or basic reordering of triple patterns based on their selectivity 10. A " high " optimization cost may be acceptable for a repetitive query since it can be amortized over multiple executions. This is made difficult by the necessary trade-off between optimization cost and quality of the generated plans the latter translates into query execution cost. We see that the optimization leads to significantly decreased costs for the uniform model  , compared to the previous tables. In Table 5we show CPU costs with this optimization  , for queries with expected query range sizes of 7 days  , 30 days  , and one year  , under the uniform and biased query model. In Figure 5  , we show results for the fraction pruning method and the max score optimization on the expanded query set. We found that  , counter to general wisdom regarding the max score optimization  , max score and our technique did not work as effectively on our expanded query set as on title queries. For example  , if our beers/drinkers/bars schema had " beers " as a top level node  , instead of being as a child node of Drinkers  , then the same query would had been obtained without the reduction optimization. We observed that this optimization also helps in making the final SQL query less sensitive to input schema. Many researchers have investigated the use of statistics for query optimization  , especially for estimating the selectivity of single-column predicates using histograms PC84  , PIH+96  , HS95 and for estimating join sizes Gel93  , IC91  , SS94 using parametric methods Chr83  , Lyn88 . Cost-based query optimization was introduced in SAC+79. For suitable choices of these it might be feasible to efficiently obtain a solution. It is evident that the result of a general OPAC query involves the solution of an optimization problem involving a potentially complex aggregation constraint on relation   , the nature of the aggregation constraint  , and the optimization objective  , different instances of the OPAC query problem arise. Third-order dependencies may be useful  , however   , and even higher-order dependencies may be of interest in settings outside of query optimization. The results in 16  indicate that  , for purposes of query optimization  , the benefits of identifying kth-order dependencies diminish sharply as k increases beyond 2. Doing much of the query optimization in the query language translator also helps in keeping the LSL interpreter as simple as possible. It is the translator  , not the LSL interpreter  , which can easily view the entire boolean qualification so as to make such an optimization. This research is an important contribution to the understanding of the design tradeoffs between query optimization and data allocation for distributed database design. The numhcr  , placement  , and effective use of data copies is an important design prohlem that is clearly intcrdcpcndent with query optimization and data allocation. Many researchers have worked on optimizer architectures that facilitate flexibility: Bat86  , GD87  , BMG93  , GM931 are proposals for optimizer genera- tors; HFLP89  , BG92 described extensible optimizers in the extended relational context; MDZ93  , KMP93  proposed architectural frameworks for query optimization in object bases. Fre87  , GD87  , Loh88 made rule-based query optimization popular  , which was later adopted in the object-oriented context  , as e.g. , OS90  , KM90  , CD92. Another approach to this problem is to use dynamic query optimization 4 where the original query plan is split into separately optimized chunks e.g. Our approach is to do local optimization of the resolvents of late bound functions and then define DTR in terms of the locally optimized resolvents. The technique in MARS 9 can be viewed as a SQL Optimization technique since the main optimization occurs after the SQL query is generated from the XML query. While this technique has its own advantages  , it does not produce efficient SQL queries for simple XML queries that contain the descendant axis // like the example in Section 2.1. However  , what should be clear is that given such cost-estimates  , one could optimize inductive queries by constructing all possible query plans and then selecting the best one. In the current implementation we e two-level optimization strategy see section 1 the lower level uses the optimization strateg present in this paper  , while the upper level the oy the in which s that we join order egy. Moreover  , as the semantic information about the database and thus the corresponding space of semantically equivalent queries increases  , the optimization cost becomes comparable to the cost of query execution plan  , and cannot be ignored. For query optimization  , a translation from UnQL to UnCAL is defined BDHS96  , which provides a formal basis for deriving optimization rewrite rules such as pushing selections down. query language BDHS96  , FS98 is based on a graph-structured data model similar to OEM. Moreover  , most parallel or distributed query optimization techniques are limited to a heuristic exploration of the search space whereas we provide provably optimal plans for our problem setting. Due to lack of code shipping  , techniques for parallel and distributed query optimization   , e.g. , fragment-replicate joins 26  , are inapplicable in our scenario. In the following we describe the two major components of our demonstration: 1 the validity range computation and CHECK placement  , and 2 the re-optimization of an example query. POP detects this during runtime  , as the validity range for a specific part of a query plan is violated  , and triggers re-optimization. 13; however  , since most users are interested in the top-ranking documents only  , additional work may be necessary in order to modify the query optimization step accordingly. After developing the complete path algebra  , we can apply standard query optimization techniques from the area of database systems see e.g. In this section  , we propose an object-oriented modeling of search systems through a class hierarchy which can be easily extended to support various query optimization search strategies. To establish the framework for modeling search strategies  , we view the query optimization problem as a search problem in the most general sense. We notice that  , using the proposed optimization method  , the query execution time can be significantly improved in our experiments  , it is from 1.6 to 3.9 times faster. The speedup is calculated as the query execution time when the optimization is not applied divided by the optimized time. Whereas query engines for in-memory models are native and  , thus  , require native optimization techniques  , for triple stores with RDBMS back-end  , SPARQL queries are translated into SQL queries which are optimized by the RDBMS. Because of the fundamentally different architectures of in-memory and on-disk models  , the considerations regarding query optimization are very different. When existing access structures give only partial support for an operation  , then dynamic optimization must be done to use the structures wisely. An ADT-method approach cannot identify common sub-expressions without inter-function optimization  , let alone take advantage of them to optimize query execution. Experiment 5 showed that the common subexpression optimization could reduce query execution time by almost a factor of two. For multiple queries  , multi-query optimization has been exploited by 11 to improve system throughput in the Internet and by 15 for improving throughput in TelegraphCQ. The work in 24 proposes rate-based query optimization as a replacement of the traditional cost-based approach. The novel optimization plan-space includes a variety of correlated and decorrelated executions of each subquery  , using VOLCANO's common sub-expression detection to prevent a blow-up in optimization complexity. Further  , ROLEX accepts a navigational profile associated with a view query and uses this profile in a costbased optimizer to choose a best-cost navigational query plan. The original method  , referred to as query prioritization QP   , cannot be used in our experiments because it is defined as a convex optimization that demands a set of initial judgments for all the queries. Note the importance of separating the optimization time from the execution time in interpreting these results. The diversity of search space is proportional to the number of different optimization rules which executed successfully during optimization. The size of the plan space is a function of the query size and complexity but also proportional to the number of exploration rules that created alternatives during optimization. To perform optimization of a computation over a scientific database system  , the optimizer is given an expression consisting of logical operators on bulk data types. In this section we present an overview of transformation based algebraic query optimization  , and show how the optimization of scientific computations fits into this framework. In this way  , the longer the optimization time a query is assigned  , the better the quality of the plan will be.2 Complex canned queries have traditionally been assigned high optimization cost because the high cost can be amortized over multiple runs of the queries. The optimizer should also treat the optimization time as a critical resource. Therefore  , some care is needed when adding groupings to order optimization  , as a slowdown of plan generation would be unacceptable . Experimental results have shown that the costs for order optimization can have a large impact on the total costs of query optimization 3. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , PLASTIC also improves query execution efficiency because optimizers can now always run at their highest optimization level – the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. Further  , even when errors were made  , only marginal additional execution costs were incurred due to the sub-optimal plan choices. These five optimization problems have been solved for each of the 25 selected queries and for each run in the set of 30 selected runs  , giving a total of 5×25×30 = 3  , 750 optimization problems. As seen in Figures 3 and 4  , there are five optimization problems to be solved for each query of each run one for each measure. While search efficiency was one of the central concerns in the design and implementation of the Volcano optimizer generator 8  , these issues are orthogonal to the optimization of scientific computations  , and are not addressed in this paper. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. On the other hand  , optimizing a query into a single plan at compilation time may result in a substantially suboptimal plan if the actual parameter values are different from those assumed at optimization time GW89. However  , a plan that is optimal can still be chosen as a victim to be terminated and restarted  , 2 dynamic query re-optimization techniques do not typically constrain the number of intermediate results to save and reuse  , and 3 queries are typically reoptimized by invoking the query optimizer with updated information. To tackle the problem  , we clean the graph before using it to compute query dissimilarity. If the graph is unreliable  , the optimization results will accordingly become unreliable. In addition  , we show that incremental computation is possible for certain operations . : Many of these identities enable optimization via query rewriting. Recent works have exploited such constraints for query optimization and schema matching purposes e.g. , 9. Example constraints include " housearea ≤ lot-area " and " price ≥ 10 ,000 " . Flexible mechanisms for dynamically adjusting the size of query working spaces and cache areas are in place  , but good policies for online optimization are badly missing. Memory management. The contributions in SV98 are complementary to our work in this paper. They also propose techniques for incorporating these alternative choices for cost based query optimization. 27  introduces a rank-join operator that can be deployed in existing query execution interfaces. 20 focuses on the optimization of the top-k queries. Let V denote the grouping attributes mentioned in the group by clause. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of query optimization. Some alternatives are discussed in Has95. A few proposals exist for evaluating transitive closures in distributed database systems 1 ,9 ,22 . Parallelism is however recognized as a very important optimization feature for recursive query evaluation. l The image expression may be evaluated several times during the course of the query. l Deciding between different plans requires cost-based optimization of the image expression. Since vague queries occur most often in interactive systems  , short response times are essential. The models and procedures described here are part of the query optimization. The associated rewrite rules exploit the fact that statements of a sequence are correlated. Section 3 shows that this approach also enables additional query optimization techniques. Repetition is eliminated  , making queries easier to ready  , write  , and maintain. The implementation appeared to be outside the RDBMS  , however  , and there was not significant discussion of query optimization in this context. SchemaSQL 5 implements transposing operations. In Sections 2–4 we describe the steps of the BHUNT scheme in detail  , emphasizing applications to query optimization. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. Static shared dataflows We first show how NiagaraCQ's static shared plans are imprecise. It can also be used with traditional multiple-query optimization MQO schemes. This monotonicity declaration is used for conventional query optimization and for improving the user interface. The user can specm  , for example  , that WEIGHT =< WEIGHTtPREV. The rest of the paper is organized as follows. The weights for major concepts and the sub concepts are 1.0 and 0.2  , respectively. The method for weight optimization is the same as that for query section weighting. Table 2shows the speedup for each case. have proposed a strategy for evaluating inductive queries and also a first step in the direction of query optimization. De Raedt et al. In addition to the usual query parsing  , query plan generation and query parallelization steps  , query optimization must also determine which DOP to choose and on which node to execute the query. The query coordinator prepares the execution depending on resource availability in the Grid. It also summarizes related work on query optimization particularly focusing on the join ordering problem. Section 5 reviews previous work on index structures for object-oriented data bases. We conclude with a discussion of open problems and future work. An approach to semantic query optimization using a translation into Datalog appears in 13  , 24. Precomputed join indexes are proposed in 46 . We envision three lines of future research. We enforced C&C constraints by integrating C&C checking into query optimization and evaluation. The remaining of this paper is structured as follows. Service call invocations will be tracked and displayed to illustrate query optimization and execution. Section 5 describes the impact of RAM incremental growths on the query execution model. Section 4 addresses optimization issues in this RAM lower bound context. Over all of the queries in our experiments the average optimization time was approximately 1/2 second. Each query was run with an initially empty buffer. 10 modeled conditional probability distributions of various sensor attributes and introduced the notion of conditional plans for query optimization with correlated attributes. Deshpande et al. Moral: AQuery transformations bring substantial performance improvements  , especially when used with cost-based query optimization. The result is consistently faster response times.   , s ,} The problem of parametric query optimization is to find the parametric optimal set of plans and the region of optimality for each parametric optimal plan. Ten years later  , the search landscape has greatly evolved. On the other hand  , in the SQL tradition  , W3QL was a declarative query language that offered opportunities for optimization. First  , our query optimization rules are based on optimizing XPath expressions over SQL/XML and object relational SQL. Our work is unique in the following respects. Furthermore. Sophisticated optimization will be used to separate the original query inlo pieces targeted for individual data sources whose content and order of execution are optimal. Schema knowledge is used to rewrite a query into a more efficient one. In this demo  , we highlight the schema-based optimization SQO on one abstraction level. Next  , we turn our attention to query optimization. We then show how to compile such a program into an execution plan. The module for query optimization and efficient reasoning is under development. The prototype of OntoQuest is implemented with Java 1.4.2 on top of Oracle 9i. For traditional relational databases  , multiplequery optimization 23 seeks to exhaustively find an optimal shared query plan. The problem of sharing the work between multiple queries is not new. We can now formally define the query optimization problem solved in this paper. This assumption is also validated by our experiments Section 7. The second step consists of an optimization and translation phase. Then  , this m%imal Query PCN is build in main memory. Section 2 provides an overview of BP-Mon  , and Section 3 briefly describes the underlying formal model. The size of our indexes is therefore significant  , and query optimization becomes more complex. But within that  , we maintain multiple tables of hundreds of millions of rows each. The existing optimizers  , eg. The approach of simultaneous query optimization will lead to each such plan being generated exactly once for all the queries optimized together. query execution time. For SQO  , we have to consider the trade-off between the cost of optimization and solution quality i.e. No term reweighting or query expansion methods were tried. As last year  , on this occasion we have tried only the threshold optimization. A similar concept is proposed in DeWitt & Gray 92. In addition to syntactic rules  , we may also study the domain-specific rules for inferring new triples using provenance  , temporal or spatial information. Whether or not the query can be unnested depends on the properties of the node-set . This optimization would unnest such a subquery. Several plans are identified and the optimal plan is selected. The basic idea of global planning is the same as query optimization in database management systems. Section 2 formally defines the parametric query optimization problem and provides background material on polytopes. For more sophisticated rules  , cost functions were needed Sma97  to choose among many alternative query plans. Some optimization techniques were designed  , but not all of them were implemented . A related approach is multi-query execution rather than optimization. Such operator sharing is even the cornerstone of the Q-Pipe architecture 14. 4.9  , DJ already maintains the minimal value of all primary keys in its own internal statistics for query optimization. In fact  , as explained in Sect. In Section 2  , we provide some background information on XML query optimization and the XNav operator. Scientific data is commonly represented as a mesh. This model can be exploited for data management and  , in particular  , we will use it for query optimization purposes. Their proposed technique can be independently applied on different parts of the query. 3  , 9  both consider a single optimization technique using one type of schema constraint. Compiling SQL queries on XML documents presents new challenges for query optimization. And this doesn't even consider the considerable challenges of optimizing XQuery queries! Experiment 3 demonstrates how the valid-range can be used for optimization. These valid ranges can be propagated through the entire query as described in SLR94. This function can be easily integrated in the query optimization algorisms Kobayashi 19811. The second difficulty can be resolved by introducing imaginary tuples. Resolve ties by choosing fragment that has the greater number of queries. Imposing a uniform limit on hot set size over all queries can be suboptimal. One is based on algebraic simplification of a query and compilr tinlc> heuristics. Finally  , consider the two major approaches to qitcry optimization for regular databases. An experienced searcher was recruited to run the interactive query optimization test. In practice  , the test searcher did not face any time constraints. However  , their optimization method is based on Eq. a given query node to Orn time  , thus needing Orn 2  time for all-pairs SimRank. Thirdly  , the relational algebra relies on a simple yet powerful set of mathematical primitives. Figure 4summarizes the query performance for 4 queries of the LUBM. Hence  , it is not surprising that for certain queries no optimization is achieved at all. MIRACLE exploits some techniques used by the OR- ACLE Server for the query optimization a rule-based approach and an statistical approach. 5.3. Section 3 presents our RAM lower bound query execution model. Second  , they provide more optimization opportunities. First  , users can calculate the whole Skycube in one concise and semantic-clear query  , instead of issuing 2 d − 1 skyline queries. To our best knowledge  , the containment of nested XQuery has so far been studied only in 9  , 18  , and 10. We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. Second  , we are interested in evaluating the efficiency of the engine. During the first pass the final output data is requested sorted by time. The mathematical problem formulation is given in Section 3. In the literature  , most researches in distributed database systems have been concentrated on query optimization   , concurrency control  , recovery  , and deadlock handling. Finally  , conclusions appear in Section 5. In Section 6 we briefly survey the prior work that our system builds upon. The query evaluation and optimization strategies are then described in Sections 4 and 5. We also plan to explore issues of post query optimization such as dynamic reconfiguration of execution plan at run time. These are topics of future research. In Section 4  , we give an illustrative example to explain different query evaluation strategies that the model offers. Figure 8depicts this optimization based on the XML document and query in Figure 4. Also we can avoid creating any edges to an existence-checking node. The system returned the top 20 document results for each query. The results of our optimization experiments are shown in Tables 2 and 3. Query-performance predictors are used to evaluate the performance of permutations. The approach is based on applying the Cross Entropy optimization method 13 upon permutations of the list. The compiled query plan is optimized using wellknown relational optimization techniques such as costing functions and histograms of data distributions. As a result  , many runtime checks are avoided. If a DataGuide is to be useful for query formulation and especially optimization  , we must keep it consistent when the source database changes. Ct An important optimization technique is to avoid sorting of subcomponents which are removed afterwards due to duplicate elimination. The arrangement of query modification expressions can be optimized. The other set of approaches is classified as loose coupling. However  , such approaches have not exploited the query optimization techniques existing in the DBMSs. Query optimization is a major issue in federated database systems. A CIM application has been prototyped on top of the system RF'F95. Since the early stages of relational database development   , query optimization has received a lot of at- tention. Section 5 concludes the paper. The translation and optimization proceeds in three steps. Our query optimizer translates user queries written in XQuery into optimized FluX queries. Besides  , in our current setting  , the preference between relevance and freshness is assumed to be only query-dependent. For example  , using Logistic functions can naturally avoid the range constrains over query weights in optimization. These specific technical problems are solved in the rest of the paper. Then we give an overview of how a query is executed; this naturally leads to hub selection and query optimization issues. This is a critical requirement in handling domain knowledge  , which has flexible forms. Second  , a declarative query language such as SQL can insulate the users from the details of data representation and manipulation   , while offering much opportunity in query optimization. We examine only points in partitions that could contain points as good as the best solution. DB2 has separate parsers for SQL and XQuery statements   , but uses a single integrated query compiler for both languages. Histograms of element occurrences  , attribute occurrences  , and their corresponding value occurrences aid in query optimization. Many sources rank the objects in query results according to how well these objects match the original query. These characteristics also impact the optimization of queries over these sources. Additionally it can be used to perform other tasks such as query optimization in a distributed environment. A catalog service in a large distributed system can be used to determine which nodes should receive queries based on query content. The Postgres engine takes advantage of several Periscope/SQ Abstract Data Types ADTs and User-Defined Functions UDFs to execute the query plan. The query is then passed on to Postgres for relational optimization and execution . The optimization of Equation 7 is related to set cover  , but not straightforwardly. shows whether query graph q l has feature fi  , and z jl indicates whether database graph gj is pruned for query graph q l . The Epoq approach to extensible query optimization allows extension of the collection of control strategies that can be used when optimizing a query 14. The control we present here is designed to support thii kind of extensibility. Above results are just examples from the case study findings to illustrate the potential uses of the proposed method. One important aspect of query optimization is to detect and to remove redundant operations  , i.e. It is the task of the query optimizer to produce a reasonable evaluation strategy  161. Lots can be explored using me&data such as concept hierarchies  and discovered knowledge. Knowledge discovery in databases initiates a new frontier for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. At every region knowledge wurces are act ivatad consecutively completing alternative query evaluation plans. The resultant query tree is then given to the relational optimizer  , which generates the execution plan for the execution engine. The query tree is then further optimized through view merging and subquery to join conversion and operator tree optimization. The goal of such investigations is es- tablishing equivalent query constructs which is important for optimization. Formalization cordtl cotlcern utilization of viewers in languages  , for example  , in query operators or programming primitives. Contributions of R-SOX include: 1. Our R-SOX system  , built with Raindrop 4  , 6  , 5 as its query engine kernel  , now can specify runtime schema refinements and perform a variety of runtime SQO strategies for query optimization. Moreover  , translating a temporal query into a non-temporal one makes it more difficult to apply query optimization and indexing techniques particularly suited for temporal XML documents. Even for simple temporal queries  , this approach results in long XQuery programs. There is no other need for cooperation except of the support of the SPARQL protocol. In particular  , M3 uses the statistics to estimate the cardinality of both The third strategy  , denoted M3 in what follows  , is a variant of M2 that employs full quad-based query optimization to reach a suitable physical query plan. More precisely  , we demonstrate features related to query rewriting  , and to memory management for large documents. At query optimization time  , the set of candidate indexes desirable for the query are recorded by augmenting the execution plan. The broad architecture of the solution is shown in Figure 4. Incorporate order in a declarative fashion to a query language using the ASSUMING clause built on SQL 92. Such models can be utilized to facilitate query optimization  , which is also an important topic to be studied. Another exciting direction for future work is to derive analytical models 12 that can accurately estimate the query costs. Originally  , query containment was studied for optimization of relational queries 9  , 33 . Finally  , we note that query containment has also been used in maintenance of integrity constraints 19  , 15  and knowledge-base ver- ification 26. Suppose we can infer that a query subexpression is guaranteed to be symmetric. Thus we can benefit from the proposed query optimization techniques of Section 3 even if we do not have any stored kernels in the database. query optimization has the goal to find the 'best' query execution plan among all possible plans and uses a cost model to compare different plans. Currently  , we support two join implementations: However  , it is important to optimize these tests further using compile-time query optimization techniques. Evaluating the query tests obviously takes time polynomial in the size of the view instance and base update. For optimization  , MXQuery only implements a dozen of essential query rewrite rules such as the elimination of redundant sorts and duplicate elimination. MXQuery does not have a cost-based query optimizer . Since OOAlgebra resembles the relational algebra   , the familiar relational query optimization techniques can be used. For OODAPLEX  , we had developed an algebra  , OOAlgebra   , as the target language for query compilation DAYA89 . SEMCOG also maintains database statistics for query optimization and query reformulation facilitation. The server functions are supported by five modules to augment the underlying database system multimedia manipulation and search capability. The most expensive lists to look at will be the ones dropped because of optimization. Terms with long inverted lists will therefore be examined last since the query terms are sorted by decreasing query weight. Second  , we describe a novel two-stage optimization technique for parameterized query expansion. As we show  , this framework is a generalization and unification of current state-of-the-art concept weighting 6  , 18  , 31 and query expansion 24  , 15 models. Similarly  , we weight the query terms according to whether they are sub-concepts or not. Similarly   , automatic checking tools face a number of semidecidability or undecidability theoretical results. Extended Datalog is a query language enabling query optimization but it does not have the full power of a programming language. After rewriting  , the code generator translates the query graphs into C++ code. In fact  , V represents the query-intent relationships  , i.e. , there is a D-dimensional intents vector for each query. To solve the optimization problem in 6  , we use a matrix V and let V = XA T . The conventional approach to query optimization is to pick a single efficient plan for a query  , based on statistical properties of the data along with other factors such as system conditions. 1 Suppose the following conditions hold for the example: This type of optimization does not require a strong DataGuide and was in fact suggested by NUWC97. For this query and many others  , such a finding guarantees that the query result is empty. In this case we require the optimizer to construct a table of compiled query plans. When query optimization occurs prior to execution  , resource requests must be deferred until runtime. Section 3.3 describes this optimization. In particular  , we may be able to estimate the cost of a query Q for an atomic configuration C by using the cost of the query for a " simpler " configuration C'. The optimizer's task is the translation of the expression generated by the parser into an equivalent expression that is cheaper to evaluate. For example  , V1 may store some tuples that should not contribute to the query  , namely from item nodes lacking mail descendants. Summary-based optimization The rewritten query can be more efficient if it utilizes the knowledge of the structural summary. Work on frameworks for providing cost information and on developing cost models for data sources is  , of course  , highly relevant. UFA98 describes orthogonal work to incorporate cost-based query optimization into query scrambling. Enhanced query optimizers have to take conditional coalescing rules into consideration as well. However restricting attention to this class of rules means not to exploit the full potential of query optimization. In this method  , subqueries and answers are kept in main memory to reduce costs. However  , a clever optimization of interpreted techniques known as query/sub-query has been developped at ECRC Vieille86 . This query is a variant of the query used earlier to measure the performance of a sequence scan. During execution of the SQL query  , the nested SE &UIN expression is evaluated just as any other function would be. Note  , however  , that the problem studied here is not equivalent to that of query containment. For an overview and references  , see the chapters on query optimization in MA831 or UL82. Well-known query optimization strategies CeP84 push selections down to the leaves of a query tree. The first one is about the consequences of these results for data fragmentation. It is important to understand the basic differences between our scenario and a traditional centralized setting which also has query operators characterized by costs and selectivities. In contrast to MBIS the schema is not fixed and does not need to be specified  , but is determined by the underlying data sources. In this paper  , we make a first step to consider all phases of query optimization in RDF repositories. We defined transformation rules on top of the SQGM to provide means for rewriting and simplifying the query formulation. Then  , we will investigate on optimization by using in-memory storage for the hash tables  , in order to decrease the query runtimes. the input threshold. The join over the subject variable will be less expensive and the optimization eventually lead to better query performance. Therefore  , a static optimizer should reverse the triple patterns. A set of cursor options is selected randomly by the query generator. Typically cursors involve different optimization  , execution and locking strategies depending on a variety of userspecified options. To improve the XML query execution speed  , we extract the data of dblp/inproceedings  , and add two more elements: review and comments. No optimization techniques are used. Copyright 2007 VLDB Endowment  , ACM 978-1-59593-649-3/07/09. Reordering the operations in a conventional relational DBMS to an equivalent but more efficient form is a common technique in query optimization. Reordering Boxes. We call this the irrelevant index set optimization. In this case  , the estimated cost for the query is the same as that over a database with no indexes. 19851. In general  , constraints and other such information should flow across the query optimization interfaces. This is more efficient because X is only accessed once. General query optimization is infeasible. Without this restriction  , transducers can be used for example to implement arbitrary iterative deconstructors or Turing machines. for each distinct value combination of all the possible run-time parameters. In principle  , the optimal plan generated by parametric query optimization may be different. Optimization of this query plan presents further difficulties. The DSMS performs only one instance of an operation on a server node with fewer power  , CPU  , and storage constraints. medium-or coarse-grained locking  , limited support for queries  , views  , constraints  , and triggers  , and weak subsets of SQL with limited query optimization. Many provide limited transaction facilities e.g. First  , expressing the " nesting " predicate .. Kim argued that query 2 was in a better form for optimization  , because it allows the optimizer to consider more strategies. The advantages of STAR-based query optimization are detailed in Loh87. In this example  , TableAccess has only two alternative definitions  , while TableScan has only three. Perhaps surprisingly  , transaction rates are not problematic. We used the same computer for all retrieval experiments. Using conditional compilation allows the compiler freedom to produce the most efficient code for each query optimization technique. 33  proposed an optimization strategy for query expansion methods that are based on term similarities such as those computed based on WordNet. al. In this section we evaluate the performance of the DARQ query engine. In this case DARQ has few possibilities to improve performance by optimization. The optimization of the query of Figure 1illustrated this. Inferred secondary orderings or groupings can be used to infer new primary orderings or groupings. Section 7 presents our conclusions  , a comparison with related work  , and some directions for future research. Section 6 compares query optimization strategies  , transformationfree with SA and II. The top layer consists of the optimizer/query compiler component. The knowledge gamed in performance tests can subsequently be built into optimization rules. The solution to this problem also has applications in " traditional " query optimization MA83 ,UL82. Database snapshots are another example of stored  , derived relations ALgO. But  , to our best knowledge  , no commercial RDBMS covers all major aspects of the AP technology. Some RDBMSs have means to associate optimization hints with a query without any modification of the query text. Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. They address the issue of equivalence decidability of regular path queries under such constraints. This query is optimized to improve execution; currently  , TinyDB only considers the order of selection predicates during optimization as the existing version does not support joins. The query is input on the user's PC  , or basestation.  For non-recursive data  , DTD-based optimizations can remove all DupElim and hash-based operators. Optimization of query plans using query information improves the performance of all alternatives  , and the addition of DTD-based optimizations improves them further. But  , the choice of right index structures was crucial for efficient query execution over large databases. Since query execution and optimization techniques were far more advanced  , DBAs could no longer rely on a simplistic model of the engine. For the purposes of this example we assume that there is a need to test code changes in the optimization rules framework. The query optimizer makes use of transformation rules which create the search space of query plan alternatives. It is important to point out their connection since semantic query optimization has largely been ignored in view maintenance literature. This is different from  , but related to  , the use of constraints in the area of semantic query optimiza- tion CGM88. The stratum approach does not depend on a particular XQuery engine. The advantage of this approach is that we can exploit the existing techniques in an XQuery engine such as the query optimization and query evaluation. Database queries are optimized based on cost models that calculate costs for query plans. , s ,} The problem of parametric query optimization is to find the parametric optimal set of plans and the region of optimality for each parametric optimal plan. Lack of Strategies for Applying Possibly Overlapping Optimization Techniques. Or for an XQuery that has nested subqueries  , a failed pattern in the inner query should not affect the computations in the outer query discussed more in Section 3.1. The query is interesting because it produces an intermediate result 1676942 facts that is orders of magnitude larger than the final results 888 facts. Note that the query is not optimized consecutively otherwise it is no different from existing techniques. The effect is equivalent to that of optimizing the query using a long optimization time. Learning can also be performed with databases containing noisy data and excep tional cases using database statistics. TTnfortllllat.ely  , query optimization of spatial data is different from that of heterogeneous databases because of the cost function. database systems e.g. , Dayal  , 19841 appears t ,o be ap plicahle to spatial query opt ,imizat.ion. That means the in memory operation account for significant part in the evaluation cost and requires further work for optimization. That effect is more considerable for the first query since that query will use larger memory. This is an open question and may require further research. Although this will eliminate the need for a probe query  , the dynamic nature of the switch operator provides only dynamic statistics which makes further query optimization very difficult. The Periscope/SQ optimizer rewrites this query using the algebraic properties of PiQA and cost estimates for different plans. Optimization is done by evaluating query fimess after each round of mutations and selecting the " most fit " to continue to the next generation. It then modifies queries by randomly adding or deleting query terms. The resulting megaplan is stored for subsequent execution by an extended execution engine. The rule/goal graph approach does not take advantage of existing DBMS optimization. Our aim is to eliminate this limitation by " normalixing " the query to keep only semantic information that is tmessay to evaluate the query. To select query terms  , the document frequencies of terms must be established to compute idf s before signature file access. When one uses the query term selection optimization  , the character-based signature file generates another problem. In the current version of IRO-DB  , the query optimizer applies simple heuristics to detach subqueries that are sent to the participating systems. Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. CPL is implemented on top of an extensible query system called Kleisli2  , which is written entirely in ML 19.  the query optimization problem under the assumption that each call to a conjunctive solver has unit cost and that the only set operation allowed is union. In this case  , one could actually employ the following query plan: Most important is the development of effective and realistic cost functions for inductive query evaluation and their use in query optimization. Nevertheless  , there are many remaining opportunities for further research. We use a popular LDC shingle dataset to perform two optimizations. However  , we believe that the optimization of native SPARQL query engines is  , nevertheless   , an important issue for an efficient query evaluation on the Semantic Web. Clearly  , main memory graph implementations do not scale. Thus  , optimization may reduce the space requirements to Se114 of the nonoptimized case  , where Se1 is the selectivity factor of the query. In addition  , entries need only be made for tuples within the selectivity range of the query. the resulting query plan can be cached and re-used exactly the way conventional query plans are cached. Note that during optimization only the support structures are set up  , i.e. Those benefits are limited  , as in any other software technology  , by theoretical results.  Order-Preserving Degree OPD: This metric is tailored to query optimization and measures how well Comet preserves the ordering of query costs. Over-costing good plans is less of a concern in practice. We continue with another iteration of query optimization and data allocation to see if a better solution can be found. Apers and is optimal  , given the existing query strategies. While we do have some existing solutions  , these are topics that we are currently exploring further. The X-axis shows the number of levels of nesting in each query  , while the Y-axis shows the query execution time. The results with and without the pipelining optimization are shown in Figure 17. As these methods do not pre-compile the queries  , they generate call loops to the DBMS which are rather inefficient. 4  , 5 proposed using statistics on query expressions to facilitate query optimization. 15 only considers numeric attributes and selection on a single relation  , while our method needs to handle arbitrary attributes and multiple relations. This capability is crucial for many different data management tasks such as data modeling   , data integration  , query formulation  , query optimization  , and indexing. We have described GORDIAN  , a novel technique for efficiently identifying all composite keys in a dataset. Likewise query rewrite and optimization is more complex for XML queries than for relational queries. However  , deciding whether a given index is eligible to evaluate a specific query predicate is much harder for XML indexes than for relational indexes. We also briefly discuss how the expand operator can be used in query optimization when there are relations with many duplicates. We pick the Starburst query optimizer PHH92 and mention how and where our transformations can be used. Therefore  , many queries execute selection operations on the base relations before executing other  , more complex operations. In 13   , the query containment problem under functional dependencies and inclusion dependencies is studied. There has also been a lot of work on the use of constraints in query optimization of relational queries 7  , 13  , 25. In 22   , a scheme for utilizing semantic integrity constraints in query optimization  , using a graph theoretic approach  , is presented. Users do not have to possess knowledge about the database semantics  , and the query optimieer takes this knowledge into account to generate Semantic query optimization is another form of automated programming. Thus  , cost functions used by II heavily influence what remote servers i.e. However  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. Compared with database based stores  , native stores greatly reduce the load and update time. The proposed method yielded two major innovations: inclusive query planning  , and query optimization. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS I am grateful to my supervisor Kalervo J~velin  , and to the FIRE group: Heikki Keskustalo  , Jaana Kekiilainen  , and others. We can see that the transformation times for optimized queries increase with query complexity from around 300 ms to 2800ms. shows the time needed for query planning and optimization transformation time. To reduce execution costs we introduced basic query optimization for SPARQL queries. Using service descriptions provides a powerful way to dynamically add and remove endpoints to the query engine in a manner that is completely transparent to the user. In query optimization mode  , BHUNT automatically partitions the data into " normal " data and " exception " data. We focus here on the direct use of discovered constraints by the query optimizer. In their relational test implementation they also consider only selection and join. On the other hand  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. Compared with DBMS based systems Minerva and DLDB  , it greatly reduced the load time. We have generalized the notion of convex sets or version spaces to represent sets of higher dimensions. This includes the grouping specified by the group by clause of the query  , if any exists.  A thread added to lock one of the two involved tables If the data race happens  , the second query will use old value in query cache and return wrong value while not aware of the concurrent insert from another client. Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. Our experiments show that query-log alone is often inadequate  , combining query-logs  , web tables and transitivity in a principled global optimization achieves the best performance. Second  , the query-expansion feature used is in fact often derived from query co-clicks 13   , thus similar to our query log based positive signals. The well-known inherent costs of query optimization are compounded by the fact that a query submitted to the database system is typically optimized afresh  , providing no opportunity to amortize these overheads over prior optimizations . Concurrently  , the query feature vector is stored in the Query Cluster Database  , as a new cluster representative. The inclusive query planning idea is easier to exploit since its outcome  , the representation of the available query tuning space  , can also be exploited in experiments on best-match IR systems. The query optimization operation in the proposed form is restricted to the Boolean IR model since it presumes that the query results are distinct sets. But in parametric query optimization  , we need to handle cost functions in place of costs  , and keep track of multiple plans  , along with their regions of optimality  , for each query/subexpression. In a conventional optimizer we have a single value as the cost for an operation or a plan and a single optimal plan for a query/sub-query expression. At query execution time  , when the actual parameter values are known  , an appropriate plan can be chosen from the set of candidates  , which can be much faster than reoptimizing the query. For each relation in a query  , we record one possible transmission between the relation and the site of every other relation in the query  , and an additional transmission to the query site. This approach recognizes the interdependencies between the data allocation and query optimization problems  , and the characteristics of local optimum solutions.  Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. This bug corresponds to mysqld-1 in Table 3  Enable the concurrent_insert=1 to allow concurrent insertion when other query operations to the same table are still pending. The query optimizer shuffles operators around in the query tree to produce a faster execution plan  , which may evaluate different parts of the query plan in any order considered to be correct from the relational viewpoint. As the accuracy of any query optimizer is dependent on the accuracy of its statistics  , for this application we need to accurately estimate both the segment and overall result selectivities. We develop a query optimization framework to allow an optimizer to choose the optimal query plan based on the incoming query and data characteristics. To control the join methods used in the query plans  , each plan was hand-generated and then run using the Starburst query execution driver. Figure 5shows the DAG that results from binary scoring assuming independent predicate scoring for the idf scores of the query in Figure 3. A simple way to implement this optimization is to convert the original query into a binary predicate query  , and build the relaxation DAG from this transformed query. Hence the discussion here outlines techniques that allow us to apply optimizations to more queries. Note that our optimization techniques will never generate an incorrect query — they will either not apply in which case we will generate the naive query or they will apply and will generate a query expected to be more efficient than the naive query. The conventional approach to query optimization is to examine each query in isolation and select the execution plan with the minimal cost based on some predcfincd cost flmction of I0 and CPU requirements to execute the query S&79. One thus needs to consider all query types together. In this section  , we discuss how the methods discussed to up to this point extend to more general situations. If alternative QGM representations are plausible depending upon their estimated cost  , then all such alternative QGMs are passed to Plan Optimization to be evaluated  , joined by a CHOOSE operator which instructs the optimizer to pick the least-cost alternative. QGM Optimization then makes semantic transformations to the QGM  , using a distinct set of sophisticated rewrite rules that transform the QGM query into a " better " one  , i.e. , one that is more efficient and/or allows more more leeway during Plan Optimization . Further  , the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. The optimization prohlem then uses the response time from the queueing model to solve for an improved solution. The Iirst part is the optimization just dcscrihcd which uses an assumed response time for each query type  , and the second part is a queueing model to solve for the rcsponse t.ime based on the access plan selections and buf ?%r allocation from the first part the optimization prohlcm. Yet another important advantage is that the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. As optimizers based on bottom-up Zou97  , HK+97  , JMP97 and top-down Ce96  , Gra96 search strategies are both extensible Lo88  , Gra95 and in addition the most frequently used in commercial DBMSs  , we have concentrated our research on the suitability of these two techniques for parallel query optimization. To overcome the shortcomings of each optimization strategy in combination with certain query types  , also hybrid optimizers have been proposed ON+95  , MB+96. In Tables 8 and 9 we do not see any improvement in preclslon at low recall as the optimization becomes more aggressive. Second  , at high recall  , precision becomes significant y worse as the optimization becomes more aggressive  , This is because we are not considering documents which have a strong combined belief from all of the query terms  , but lack a single query term belief strong enough to place the document in the candidate set. Once we have added appropriate indexes and statistics to our graph-based data model  , optimizing the navigational path expressions that form the basis of our query language does resemble the optimization problem for path expressions in object-oriented database systems  , and even to some extent the join optimization problem in relational systems. Statistics describing the " shape " of a data graph are crucial for determining which methods of graph traversal are optimal for a given query and database. In this paper  , we present a new architecture for query optimization  , based on a blackbonrd xpprowh  , which facilitates-in combination with a building block  , bottom-up arrscrnbling approach and early aqxeasiruc~~l. The search strategy-also proposed for multi query optimization 25-that will be applied in our sample optimizer is a slight modification of A*  , a search technique which  , in its pure form  , guarantaes to find the opt ,irnal solution 'LO. Although catalog management schemes are of great practical importance with respect to the site auton- omy 14  , query optimization 15  , view management l  , authorization mechanism 22   , and data distribution transparency 13  , the performance comparison of various catalog management schemes has received relatively little attention 3  , 181. Using the QGM representation of the query as input  , Plan Optimization then generates and models the cost of alternative plans  , where each plan is a procedural sequence of LOLEPOPs for executing the query. Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. Conventional query optimizers assume that the first part is negligible compared to the second  , and they try to minimize only the execution cost instead of the total query evaluation cost. Some of the issues to consider are: isolation levels repeatable read  , dirty read  , cursor stability  , access path selection table scan  , index scan  , index AND/ORing MHWC90  , Commit_LSN optimization Mohan90b  , locking granularity record  , page  , table  , and high concurrency as a query optimization criterion. While it is sometimes merely a performance advantage to take such an integrated view  , at other times even the correctness of query executions depends on such an approach. The optimization techniques being currently implemented in our system are : the rewriting of the FT 0 words into RT o   , a generalization of query modification in order to minimize the number of transitions appearing in the query PCN  , the transformation of a set of database updates into an optimized one as SellisgS does  , and the " push-up " of the selections. -The optimizer can use the broad body of knowledge developed for the optimization of relational calculus and relational algebra queries see  JaKo85  for a survey and further literature. Therefore defining the semantics of an SQL query by translation into relational algebra and relational calculus opens up new optimization oppor- tunities: -The optimizer can investigate the whole query and is no longer constrained to look at one subquery at a time. Let us mathematically formulate the problem of multi-objective optimization in database retrieval and then consider typical sample applications for information systems: Multi-objective Retrieval: Given a database between price  , efficiency and quality of certain products have to be assessed  Personal preferences of users requesting a Web service for a complex task have to be evaluated to select most appropriate services Also in the field of databases and query optimization such optimization problems often occur like in 22 for the choice of query plans given different execution costs and latencies or in 19 for choosing data sources with optimized information quality. The optimization problem can be solved by employing existing optimization techniques  , the computation details of which  , though tedious  , are rather standard and will not be presented here. Note that we can use different feature sets for different query topics by using this method  , but for simplicity  , we didn't try it in this work. It is not our goal in this paper to analyze optimization techniques for on-disk models and  , hence  , we are not going to compare inmemory and on-disk models. Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. In a case where we want half of the participants to be male and half female  , we can adjust weights of the objective optimization function to increase the likelihood that future trial candidates will match the currently underrepresented gender. In this paper we present a general framework to model optimization queries. This makes the framework appropriate for applications and domains where a number of different functions are being optimized or when optimization is being performed over different constrained regions and the exact query parameters are not known in advance. As such  , the framework can be used to measure page access performance associated with using different indexes and index types to answer certain classes of optimization queries  , in order to determine which structures can most effectively answer the optimization query type. However  , if the optimal contour crosses many partitions  , the performance will not be as good. Each query was executed in three ways: i using a relational database to store the Web graph  , ii using the S-Node representation but without optimization  , and iii using S- Node with cluster-based optimization. To generate Figure 12b  , we executed a suite of 30 Web queries over 5 different 20-million page data sets. The purpose of this example is not to define new optimization heuristics or propose new optimization strategies. In this section we give a design for a simple query rewrite system to illustrate the capabilities of the Epoq architecture and  , in particular  , to illustrate the planning-based control that will be presented in Section 5. Formulation A There are 171 separate optimization problems  , each one identical to the traditional  , nonparametric case with a different F vector: VP E  ?r find SO E S s.t. In general  , for every plan function s  , 7 can be partiof parametric query optimization. However  , the discussion of optimization using a functional or text index is beyond the scope of this paper. For an XML input whose structure is opaque  , the user can still use a functional index or a text index to do query optimization. The leftmost point is for pure IPC and the rightmost for pure OptPFD. In fact  , this hybrid index optimization problem motivated the optimization problem underlying the size/speed tradeoff for OptPFD in Figure 2per query in milliseconds  , for a hybrid index involving OptPFD and IPC. In this paper we proposed a general framework for expressing and analyzing approximate predicates  , and we described how to construct alternate query plans that effectively use the approximate predicates. In addition to considering when such views are usable in evaluating a query  , they suggest how to perform this optimization in a cost-based fashion. Therefore  , we need to find a priori which tables in the FROM clause will be replaced by V. Optimization of conjunctive SQL queries using conjunctive views has been studied in CKPS95. The results also shows how our conservative local heuristic sharply reduces the overhead of optimization under varying distributions. The second set of experiments shed light on how the distribution of the user-defined predicates among relations in the query influences the cost of optimization. However   , the materialized views considered by all of the above works are traditional views expressed in SQL. Optimization using materialized views is a popular and useful technique in the context of traditional database query optimization BLT86  , GMS93  , CKPS95  , LMSS95  , SDJL96 which has been successfully applied for optimizing data warehouse queries GHQ95  , HGW + 95  , H R U96  , GM96  , GHRU97. Note that even our recipes that do not exploit this optimization outperform the optimized VTK program and the optimized SQL query. The bars labelled with the 'o' suffix make use of a semantic optimization: We restrict the grid to the relevant region before searching for cells that contain points. Some of the papers on query evaluation mentioned in section 4.2 consider this problem. It is an interesting optimization problem to decide which domains to invert a static optimization and how to best evaluate the qualification given that only some of the domains are inverted. Concerning query optimization  , existing approaches  , such as predicate pushdown U1188 and pullup HS93  , He194  , early and late aggregation c.f. , YL94  , duplicate elimination removal PL94  , and DISTINCT pullup and pushdown  , should be applied to coalescing. In terms of future research  , more work is needed to understand the interplay of coalescing and other temporal operators with respect to queSy optimization and evaluation. Putting these together   , the ADT-method approach is unable to apply optimization techniques that could result in overall performance improvements of approximately two orders of magnitude! Traditional query optimization uses an enumerative search strategy which considers most of the points in the solution space  , but tries to reduce the solution space by applying heuristics. As the solution space gets larger for complex queries  , the search strategy that investigates alternative solutions is critical for the optimization cost. We have chosen not do use dynamic optimization to avoid high overhead of optimization at runtime. one for each resolvent of a late bound function  , and where the total query plan is generated at start-up time of the application program. Our approach exploits knowledge from different areas and customizes these known concepts to the needs of the object-oriented data models. Using a realistic application  , we measure the impact of parallelism on the optimization cost and the op- timization/execution cost trade-off using several combinations of search space and search strategy. In this way  , after two optimization calls we obtain both the best hypothetical plan when all possible indexes are present and the best " executable " plan that only uses available indexes. For that reason  , we would require a second optimization of the query  , this time using only the existing indexes. We describe our evaluation below  , including the platform on which we ran our experiments  , the test collections and query sets used  , the performance measured. Any evaluation of an unsafe optimization technique requmes measuring the execution speeds of the base and optimized systems  , as well as assessing the impact of the optimization technique on the system's retrieval effectiveness. In the following  , we focus on such an instantiation   , namely we employ as optimization goal the coverage of all query terms by the retrieved expert group. Obviously  , by defining a specific optimization goal  , we get different instantiations of the framework  , which correspond to different problem statements. In this optimization  , we transform the QTree itself. Our ideas are implemented in the DB2 family. We performed experiments to 1 validate our design choices in the physical implementation and 2 to determine whether algebraic optimization techniques could improve performance over more traditional solutions. Since the execution space is the union of the exccution spaces of the equivalent queries  , we can obtain the following simple extension to the optimization al- gorithm: 1. Thus  , the ecectllion space consists of the space of all join trees* for each equivalent query obtainrtl from Step 1 of optimization Section 4. Although this approach is effective in the database domain  , unfortunately  , in knowledge base systems this is not feasible. This is necessary to allow for both extensibility and the leverage of a large body of related earlier work done by the database research community. Such machinery needs to be based on intermediate representations of queries that are syntactically close to XQuery and has to allow for an algebraic approach to query optimization  , with buffering as an optimization target. The second issue  , the optimization of virtual graph patterns inside an IMPRECISE clause  , can be addressed with similarity indexes to cache repeated similarity computations—an issue which we have not addressed so far. The first issue can be addressed with iSPARQL query optimization  , which we investigated in 2 ,22. The goal is to keep the number of records Note that optimizing a query by transforming one boolean qualification into another one is a dynamic optimization that should be done in the user-to- LSL translator. For instance: with 4 levels  , the corresponding SEQUIN query is PROJECT count* FROM PROJECT * FROM PROJECT * FROM 100K~10flds~100dens , S; ZOOM ALL; We disabled the SEQ optimization that merges consecutive scans which would otherwise reduce all these queries to a common form. Besides these works on optimizer architectures  , optimization strategies for both traditional and " nextgeneration " database systems are being developed. The technique provides optimization of arbitrary convex functions  , and does not incur a significant penalty in order to provide this generality. In summary  , navigation profiles offer significant opportunities for optimization of query execution  , regardless of whether the XML view is defined by a standard or by the application. We argue that complex view queries contain many such tradeoffs; balancing them is part of the optimization space explored by ROLEX. This example illustrates the applicability of algebraic query optimization to real scientific computations  , and shows that significant performance improvements can result from optimization. Finally  , the reduction in the number of merge operations from 3 to 2 results in less copying of data  , and thus better performance. However  , this only covers a special case of grouping  , as we will discuss in some detail in Section 3. Parallel optimization is made difficult by the necessary trade-off between optimization cost and quality of the generated plans the latter translates into query execution cost. To copy otherwire  , or to republish  , requires a fee and/or rpecial permirrion from Ihe Endowment. In Section 3  , we show how our query and optimization engine are used in BBQ to answer a number of SQL queries  , 2 Though these initial observations do consume some energy up-front  , we will show that the long-run energy savings obtained from using a model will be much more significant. We discuss this optimization problem in more detail in Section 4. The basic idea behind our approach is similar in spirit to the one proposed by Hammcr5 and KingS for knowledge-based query optimization  , in the sense that we are also looking for optimization by semantic transformation. Finally  , Hammer only supports restricted forms of logically equivalent transformations because his knowledge reprsentation is not suitable for deductive use. Other types of optimizations such as materialized view selection or multi-query optimization are orthogonal to scan-related performance improvements and are not examined in this paper. Exactly this type of optimization lies in the heart of a read-optimized DB design and comprises the focus of this paper. The horizontal optimization specializes the case rules of a typeswitch expression with respect to the possible types of the operand expression. The structural function inlining yields an optimal expression for a given query by means of two kinds of static optimization  , which are horizontal and vertical optimizations. This optimization problem is NP-hard  , which can be proved by a reduction from the Multiway Cut problem 3 . Then the optimization target becomes F = arg max F ∈F lF  , where F is the set of all possible query facet sets that can be generated from L with the strict partitioning constraint. What differentiates MVPP optimization with traditional heuristic query optimization is that in an MVPP several queries can share some After each MVPP is derived  , we have to optimize it by pushing down the select and project operations as far as possible. The relation elimination proposed by Shenoy and Ozsoyoglu SO87 and the elimination of an unnecessary join described by Sun and Yu SY94 are very similar to the one that we use in our transformations. 11 ,12 a lot of research on query optimization in the context of databases and federated information systems. The introduction of an ER schema for the database improves the optimization that can be performed on GraphLog queries for example  , by exploiting functional dependencies as suggested in 25  , This means that the engineer can concentrate on the correct formulation of the query and rely on automatic optimization techniques to make it execute efficiently. For practical reasons we limited the scalability and optimization research to full text information re-trieval IR  , but we intend to extent the facilities to full fledged multimedia support. Distribution and query optimization are the typical database means to achieve this. This study has also been motivated by recent results on flexible buffer allocation NFSSl  , FNSSl. Here  , L is the log-likelihood of the implicit topic model as maximized by pLSA. Notice that when no explicit subtopics can be found for a query  , the regularized pLSA is reduced to the normal pLSA. TL-PLSA seems particularly effective for multiclass text classification tasks with a large number of classes more than 100 and few documents per class. Our approach outperforms both the simple PLSA and Dual-PLSA methods  , as well as a transfer learning approach Collaborative Dual-PLSA. Thus  , in all of the experiments  , our approaches include R-LTR- NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec . For example  , the R-LTR-NTN that using PLSA as document representations is denoted as R-LTR-NTN plsa . The evaluation shows the difficulty of the task  , as well as the promising results achieved by the new method. It shows PLSA can capture users' interest and recommend questions effectively. We observe that our PLSA model outperforms the cosine similarity measure in all the three data sets. 4 propose a probability model called Sentiment PLSA S-PLSA for short based on the assumption that sentiment consists of multiple hidden aspects. Liu et al. K plsa +U + T corresponds to the results obtained when the test set was also used to learn the pLSA model  , thereby tailoring the classifiers to the task of interest transductive learning. K plsa +U corresponds to the results obtained when an additional 10 ,000 unlabeled abstracts from the MGD database were used to learn the pLSA model semi-supervised learning. Our immediate next target is to extend TL-PLSA with a method for estimating the number of shared classes of the two domains. classes in PLSA. Given this observation  , we are interested in the question: is regularized pLSA likely to outperform non-regularized pLSA no matter the value of K we select ? Further  , we also see in Figure 3and Figure 4that across different settings of K  , in most cases the averaged performance of LapPLSA exceeds that of pLSA. Also  , in PLSA it is assumed that all attributes motifs belonging to a component might not appear in the same observation upstream region. PLSA is most suitable for count data instead of binary data  , which may be one of the reasons why PLSA did not cover the data well. Our approaches R-LTR-NTN and PAMM-NTN with the settings of using the PLSA or doc2vec as document representations are denoted with the corresponding subscripts. In this paper  , we utilize PLSA for discovering and matching web services. PLSA was originally used in text context for information retrieval and now has been used in web data mining 5. Comparing to the distributions computed with PLSA  , we see that with Net- PLSA  , we can get much smoother distributions. Figure 6  , we visualize the geographic distributions of two weather topics over the US states. Unstructured PLSA and Structured PLSA  , are good at picking up a small number of the most significant aspects when K is small. As seen in Figure 2   , both probabilistic methods  , i.e. As the number of clusters increases  , the performance of three methods converge to a similar level  , around 0.8. However  , PLSA found most surprising components: components containing motifs that have strong dependencies. PLSA did a poor job with the smaller yeast data  , whereas PLSA results with human data are quite interesting. NMF found larger groups of yeast motifs than human motifs. The best ranking loss averaged among the four DSRs is 0.2287 given by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction compared with the baseline of 0.2865. The ranking loss performance of our methods Unstructured PLSA/Structured PLSA + Local Prediction/Global Prediction is almost always better than the baseline. This means that NetPLSA indeed extracts more coherence topical communities than PLSA. Clearly  , there is significantly fewer cross community edges  , and more inner community conductorships in the communities extracted by NetPLSA than PLSA. The most representative terms generated by CTM and PLSA are shown in Table 1. To make the comparison fair  , we use the same starting points for PLSA and CTM. The motivation for this work was to use transfer learning  , when the source and target domain share only a subset of classes. In this paper  , we presented TL-PLSA  , a new approach to transfer learning  , based on PLSA. We perform experiments on a publicly available multilingual multi-view text categorization corpus extracted from the Reuters RCV1/RCV2 corpus 1 . In addition  , both voted-PLSA and conc-PLSA perform at least as well as Fusion-LM. A summary of the results is reported in Table 1. The above question can be reformulated as follows. The topic pattern First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. 2 presented an incremental automatic question recommendation framework based on PLSA. Wu et al. These motifs co-occur together very often. PLSA found components with rare and long motifs. Compared to pLSA  , Lap- PLSA shows more robust performance: diversification with pLSA can underperform the baseline given an improperly set K  , while diversification with LapPLSA regularized by the subtopics from an external resource in general outperforms the baseline irrespective of the choice of K. The only exception is the case where K = 2  , which is presumably not a sensible choice for K. Second  , judging from Figure 3   , the effectiveness of each resource differs on different topic sets. First  , we see that both pLSA and LapPLSA with different resources  can outperform the baseline. Using the training blog entries  , we train an S-PLSA model. All the scores are significantly greater compared to the baseline NoDiv in Table 4. All runs are compared to pLSA. It separately extracts subtopics from ODP as described in Section 2.1 and from documents using PLSA 6. UDCombine1. In the startup phase  , initial estimates of the hyperparameters φ 0 are obtained. To summarize  , S-PLSA + works as follows. Evaluation is performed via anecdotal results. Since the model uses PLSA  , no prior distribution is or could be assumed. We compare the topical communities identified by PLSA and NetPLSA. Are the topics in Table 2really corresponding to coherent communities ? First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. Our approach consists of two steps. Based on PLSA  , one can define the following joint model for predicting terms in different objects: 1. With PLSA  , although we can still see that lots of vertices in the same community are located closely  , there aren't clear boundaries between communities. Figure 3 a and b present the topical communities extracted with the basic PLSA model  , and Figure 3c and d present the topical communities extracted with NetPLSA. Boldface indicates that the W value of a combined resource is equal or above the lowest W of the single resources that are combined. Sample 1 is the result of diversification using pLSA for varying K  , and sample 2 is the result of diversification using LapPLSA Table 6: Comparing performance of LapPLSA and pLSA over random K's. However  , our main interest here is less in accurately modeling term occurrences in documents   , and more in the potential of pLSA for automatically identifying factors that may correspond to relevant concepts or topics. pLSA has shown promise in ad hoc information retrieval  , where it can be used as a semantic smoothing technique. This indicates that the OTM model  , which combines the statistical foundation of PLSA and the orthogonalized constraint  , improves topic representation of documents to a certain degree. On both text sets  , OTM outperforms LSA  , PLSA  , LapPLSA in terms of classification accuracies due to the orthogonality of the topics. Please note in all of the experiments  , PAMM-NTN was configured to direct optimize the evaluation measure of α-NDCG@20. The parameters of the final PLSA model are first initialized using the documents that have been pre-assigned to the selected cluster signatures. They are matched to one of these C groups by applying a PLSA model on the concatenated document features. Combining all three resources seems to be a relatively safe choice: it improves significantly over the pLSA run on two out of the three topic sets  , and on the third topic set  , although the difference is not statistically significant with a Table 5 : Comparing LapPLSA and pLSA. 14. That is  , with a random setting of K  , LapPLSA regularized with external resources tends to outperform non-regularized pLSA. First  , in all cases but threeG AN on topics 1-50  , G N on topic 51-100  , and G C on 101-150  , the differences between pLSA and LapPLSA are significant with a p-value < 0.05. Formally  , the PLSA model assumes that all P~ can be represented in the following functional form 6  , where it is closely related to other recent approaches for retrieval based on document-specific language models 8  , 1. In the probabilistic setting of PLSA  , the goal is to compute simultaneous estimates for the probability mass functions P5 over f~ for all 5 E ~. From the results we can see that  , on all of the three datasets and in terms of the five diversity evaluation metrics   , our approaches R-LTR-NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec  can outperform all of the baselines. For all of our approaches  , the number of tensor slices z is set to 7. We conducted significant testing t-test on the improvements of our approaches over the baselines. In order to effectively analyze characteristics of different roles and make use of both of user roles to improve the performance of question recommendation  , we propose a Dual Role Model DRM based on PLSA to model the user in CQA precisely. However  , when these PLSA based methods modeling the user  , they did not pay attention to the user's dual roles and their distinctions . Table 2 summarizes results obtained by conc-PLSA  , Fusion- LM and voted-PLSA averaged over five languages and 10  ferent initializations. We observe that partitions formed using the votes of single-view models contain more than half of the documents in the collection and that these groups are highly homogeneous with an average precision of 0.76. The OTM model is able to take advantage of statistical foundation of PLSA without losing orthogonal property of LSA. In order to address the importance of orthogonalized topics  , we put a regularized factor measuring the degree of topic orthogonalities to the objective function of PLSA. Therefore  , instead of taking a vanilla " bag of words " approach and considering all the words modulo stop words present in the blogs  , we focus primarily on the words that are sentiment-related. Different from the traditional PLSA 9  , S-PLSA focuses on sentiments rather than topics. The precision estimates are taken from the TREC 2009/10 diversity task data for Lemur  , and from the MovieLens 2 dataset for pLSA more details in section 4.2. As an illustrative example  , Figure 1shows the average relevance distribution estimate resulting for the Lemur Indri search system and the pLSA recommender –which we use as baselines in our experiments in section 4. Assume we have two samples of diversification results in terms of α-nDCG@20. For direct comparison  , Table 1provides the results of the methods of Stoica and Hearst 4 re-implementation by the authors and Seki et al. This has several key advantages: first  , it ensures that PLSA is applicable to any language  , as long as the language can be tokenized. Second  , PLSA learns about synonyms and semantically related words  , i.e. , words that are likely to occur not need a language-specific or even domain-specific thesaurus or dictionary  , but learns directly from the unstructured content. What differentiates S-PLSA from conventional PLSA is its use of a set of appraisal words 4 as the basis for feature representation. The use of hidden factors provides the model the ability to accommodate the intricate nature of sentiments  , with each hidden factor focusing on one specific aspect. The performance of TL-PLSA is higher when the percentage of shared classes of source and target domain is smaller. They develop a model called ARSA which stands for Auto-Regressive Sentiment-Aware to quantitatively measure the relationship between sentiment aspects and reviews . In the S-PLSA model 4  , a review can be considered as being generated under the influence of a number of hidden sentiment factors . , wM }  , the S-PLSA model dictates that the joint probability of observed pair di  , wj is generated by P di , Aside from the S-PLSA model which extracts the sentiments from blogs for predicting future product sales  , we also consider the past sale performance of the same product as another important factor in predicting the product's future sales performance. In S-PLSA  , appraisal words are exploited to compose the feature vectors for blogs  , which are then used to infer the hidden sentiment factors. In the investigation  , we also examine the hyperparameter settings for PLSA such as initial conditional probabilities and zero estimate smoothing in the context of our problem. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first investigation about how well a topic model such as PLSA can help capture hidden aspects in novelty information retrieval. The hidden aspect factors in PLSA models are statistically identified from data while the aspects of Genomics Track topics are assigned by the judges but not results of statistical analyses. In PLSA models  , the number of hidden aspect factors is a tuning variable  , while the aspects of Genomics Track topics are constants once the corpus and topics are determined.  The ranking loss performance of our methods Unstructured PLSA/Structured PLSA + Local Prediction/Global Prediction is almost always better than the baseline. This indicates that the ratings predicted by Global Prediction are more discriminative and accurate in ranking the four DSRs. γ allows us to balance these two requirements and combine both implicit and explicit representations of query subtopics in a unified and principled manner. The rationale is that those appraisal words  , such as " good" or " terrible"  , are more indicative of the review's sentiments than other words. In such a case  , the objective function degenerates to the log-likelihood function of PLSA with no regularization. Let us first consider the special case when λ = 0. The first column shows the automatically discovered and clustered aspects using Structured PLSA. A sample rated aspect summarization of one of the sellers is shown in Table 2 . Their Topic-Sentiment Model TSM is essentially equivalent to the PLSA aspect model with two additional topics. 21  which performs joint topic and sentiment modeling of collections . In conclusion  , our study opens a promising direction to question recommendation. The results show PLSA model can improve the quality of recommending. Experiments are repeated 10 times on the whole dataset  , using different random initializations of the PLSA models. The indexed translations are part of the corpus distribution. We can have the following joint model for citations based on documents in different types: We developed our model based on PLSA 4. As probability matrices are obviously non-negative  , PLSA corresponds to factorizing the joint probability matrix in non-negative factors. 2 as P wi  , dj = W . H . First  , PLSA is a probabilistic model which offers the convenience of the highly consistent probabilistic framework. There are in fact many advantages to do so. From Table 1  , we see that PLSA extracts reasonable topics . We summarize each topic θ with terms having the highest pw|θ. However  , in terms of representing research communities  , all four topics have their limitations. The improvement over the supervised methods is shown in Figure 4. After performing topic-bridged PLSA  , we can exploit training data and test data simultaneously. Probabilistic LSA PLSA 15 applies a probabilistic aspect model to the co-occurrence data. Some variants of LSA have also been proposed recently. 1 The pattern based subtopic modeling methods are more effective than the existing topic modeling based method  , i.e. , PLSA. We make the following interesting observations. Conversely  , given the NMF formulation in eq. We can show that the new hyperparameters are given by A major benefit of S-PLSA + lies in its ability to continuously update the hyperparameters. We could have directly applied the basic PLSA to extract topics from C O . The prior for all the parameters is given by We adopt the PLSA model to tackle this novel problem. In this paper  , we introduce the novel problem of question recommendation in Question Answering communities. In Section 3  , topic-bridged PLSA is proposed for cross-domain text classification. In Section 2  , we give a brief review of related work. 5 to regularize the implicit topic model. Hereto  , we apply Laplacian pLSA 6 also referred to as regularized topic models 24   , using the document similarities given by Eq. All runs are compared to the baseline NoDiv. Table 4 : Diversification result with pLSA and LapPLSA regularized by different external resources and their combinations. Regularization with most resources or their combinations does not lead to significant improvement over the pLSA run. The TREC 2011 topic set seems the most difficult one. It then integrates these subtopics as described in Section 2.3. 8 proposed a framework to combine clusters of external resources to regularize implicit subtopics based on pLSA using random walks. He et al.   , Dn} the set of reviews obtained up to epoch n. QB S-PLSA estimates at epoch n are determined by maximizing the posterior probability using χ n : . below  , the PLSA parameters may be interpreted as probabilities. Whereas the NMF factors are a set of values with scale invariance issues  , cf. Table 2shows the experimental results. This also shows that our model could alleviate the overfitting problem of PLSA. In Figure 5b  , we also see that the topic propagates smoothly between adjacent states. aspects. If we ignore the structure of the phrases  , we could apply PLSA on the head terms to extract topics  , i.e. The system uses PLSA to extract K subtopic candidates from the unstructured data 7. K non-overlapped nodes with the largest relevance score are selected as subtopic candidates. Then PLSA is used directly to get the topic information of the user. In these methods  , all the questions that a user accesses are treated as one document. A typical approach is the user-word aspect model applied by Qu et al. S-PLSA can be considered as the following generative model. We expect that those hidden factors would correspond to blogger's complex sentiments expressed in the blog review. Laplacian pLSA employs a generalized version of EM to maximize the regularized log-likelihood of the topic model  , L: 5 to regularize the implicit topic model. |1 ∼ 0.21 to around 10 by = 200. pLSA displays a higher relevance probability due to the nature of the recommendation task on this dataset. by a logistic function. The evaluation results are shown in Section 4. We also propose a novel evaluation metric to measure the performance . Evaluation is carried out by showing anecdotal results. Web queries are often short and ambiguous. Baseline " refers to the run without diversification. As we have specified in section 3  , these methods model the user either indirectly or directly. The second one is PLSA based methods. PLSA is a latent variable model that has a probabilistic point of view. Here we use these methods to find components from a discrete data matrix. This is why we call this model semi-supervised PLSA. We can see that the main difference between this equation and the previous one for basic PLSA is that we now pool the counts of terms in the expert review segment with those from the opinion sentences in C O   , which is essentially to allow the expert review to serve as some training data for the corresponding opinion topic. The results also indicate that the improvements of PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa and PAMM- NTNα-NDCG doc2vec over all of the baselines are significant   , in terms of all of the performance measures. The results indicate that the improvements of R-LTR-NTN plsa and R-LTR-NTN doc2vec over R- LTR are significant p-value < 0.05  , in terms of all of the performance measures. Can we quantitatively prove that NetPLSA extracts better communities than PLSA ? Most authors assigned to the same topical community are well connected and closely located  , which presents a much " smoother " pattern than Figure 3a and b. Compared with these alternative approaches  , PLSA with conjugate prior provides a more principled and unified way to tackle all the challenges. However  , it would be unclear how to choose a good cutoff point on the ranked list of retrieved results. Intuitively  , the words in our text collection CO can be classified into two categories 1 background words that are of relatively high frequency in the whole collection. We first present the basic PLSA model as described in 21. In this paper  , we propose a fully automated PLSA-based Web image selection method for the Web image-gathering Our work can be regarded as the Web image version of that work. We empirically choose the number of latent variables k = 100. For each category  , a PLSA model is trained from 85% of the question sets questions and their corresponding answers  , and the left are used for testing. Documents are then assigned to each topic using the maximum posterior probability. For every view v  , the probability that document dv arises from topic z ∈ Z is given by pz|dv  , estimated by PLSA. We then select the subtopic terms from the PLSA subtopic  , which are most semantically similar to the connected subtopic candidates of ontology. Each pair of connected subtopic candidates is an integrated subtopic. Finally  , note that γ = 0 makes LapPLSA equivalent to pLSA without regularization. We decide to set γ to a fixed value that generates reasonable diversification results  , using γ = 10 in all our experiments. Second  , using clickthrough data for model training by extending PLSA to BLTM  , leads to a significant improvement Rows 4 and 5 vs. The results are consistent with those previously reported on the TREC collections 32. In Section 3  , we discuss the characteristics of online discussions and specifically  , blogs  , which motivate the proposal of S-PLSA in Section 4. Section 2 provides a brief review of related work. For each blog entry b  , the sentiments towards a movie are summarized using a vector of the posterior probabilities of the hidden sentiment factors  , P z|b. We now study how the choice of these parameter values affects the prediction accuracy. They include the number of hidden sentiment factors in S-PLSA  , K  , and the orders of the ARSA model  , p and q. The resulting semantic kernels are combined with a standard vector space representation using a heuristic weighting scheme. In 16   , a method to systematically derive semantic representation from pLSA models using the method of Fisher kernels 17  has been presented. The other 90% were used to learn the pLSA model while the held-out set was used to prevent overfitting  , namely using the strategy of early stopping. A held-out set with 10% of the data was created randomly. In this paper  , we aim at an extension of the PLSA model to include the additional hyperlink structure between documents . In this case one gets in addition to 2 , There are many longer and less frequent motifs in the components  , which makes components like 5 and 9 quite surprising. Though PLSA components of Table 6cover only 4% of the data  , they are quite interesting. The selection of parameter values seems to have more effect to NMF than to other methods  , and longer components may be found with different amount of components to be estimated. In addition to methods discussed in this paper — frequent sets  , ICA  , NMF and PLSA — there are others suitable for binary observations . Different kinds of approaches may be taken when decomposing a data matrix into smaller parts. Or better still  , to discover both frequent and surprising components  , use all of the methods. However  , if interesting longer patterns should be looked for  , ICA and PLSA might be a suitable choice. It assumes that each word is either drawn from a universal background topic or from a location and time dependent language model. We review some key threads: 23  propose a model based on Probabilistic Latent Semantic Indexing PLSA 20. Thus  , simply using PLSA cannot ensure the obtained topic is well-aligned to the specific domains. However   , these extracted topics are latent variables without explicit meaning and cannot be regarded as the given categories . Thus NetPLSA ignores the various participation information for each user. The Net- PLSA model15 constructs the u2u-link graph as described in Figure 1a  , merges all documents one user participates in into a single document for that user. The remaining documents have voting patterns different from any of the selected cluster signatures. The only exception is the combination of the click logs and the Web ngrams. The picture is a little worse for average attacks. Note that our baseline methods are already significantly better than k-NN and PLSA; thus the improvement due to VarSelect is very significant. The hidden aspects caught are used to improve the performance of a ranked list by re-ranking. In this paper  , we conducted a preliminary study on using PLSA models to capture hidden aspects of retrieved passages. This indicates PLSA models are very promising in finding diverse aspects in retrieved passages. It turned out all runs on all 9 continuous hidden aspect numbers got positive improvements. Figures 1 and 2 demonstrate the classification performance of OTM and other baseline models. For text categorization  , 90% of the data were randomly selected as the training set while the other 10% were used for testing. The pLSA model was trained with all the data. In summary  , the ARSA model mainly comprises two components . Parameter q specifies the sentiment information from how many preceding days are considered  , and K indicates the number of hidden sentiment factors used by S-PLSA to represent the sentiment information. They assume that an aligned query and document pair share the document-topic distribution. They show that  , by including the click-through data  , their model achieves better performance compared to the PLSA. In order to visualize the hidden topics and compare different approaches  , we extract topics from the data using both PLSA and CTM. For more details about the labeled data set  , please refer to 4. It reflects the sentiment " mass" that can be attributed to factor zj. pzj|d  , where Rt is the set of reviews available at time t and pzj|d is computed based on S-PLSA + . where αi and α k are Lagrange multipliers of the constraints with respect to pnvj |z k   , we need to consider the original PLSA likelihood function and the user guidance term. 11  , its updating can be got as In order to generate gold standard for representative phrases  , we utilize both the true DSR ratings and human annotation. 3 The best performance is achieved by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction at average precision of 0.5925 and average recall of 0.6379. Note that the PLSA model allows multiple topics per user  , reflecting the fact that each user has lots of interest. where w ∈ w1  , w2  , ..  , w l are words which questions contain. 12  propose a model based on Probabilistic Latent Semantic Indexing PLSA 11. Table 3 shows that the PLSAbased techniques substantially outperform the Marginal and Query baselines  , and the full PLSA model outperforms its simpler versions. A lower perplexity score indicates better performance. A failure here results in the exploitation of visual features which are used as input to a support-vector machine based classifier. If no location is found  , PLSA 10 is performed on the tag data of the corpus. 15 proposed a generative model called Bilingual Topic Model BLTM for Web wearch. Moreover  , the improvement of CTM over PLSA and NetClus is more significant on the results of papers than other two objects. As we can see  , our CTM approach gets the best performance. Thus the E-step remains the same. It is easy to see that NetPLSA shares the same hidden variables with PLSA  , and the conditional distribution of the hidden variables can still be computed using Equation 8. However  , the extracted topics in this way would generally not be well-aligned to the expert review. Each modifier could be represented by a set of head terms that it modifies: Similar to Unstructured PLSA  , we define k unigram language models of head terms: Θ = {θ 1   , θ 2   , ..  , θ k } as k theme models.  The ranking loss performance also varies a lot across different DSRs. In addition  , we plan to apply the EM method and PLSA model to promoting diversity on Genomics research. We will work on the opinion retrieval for blogs and focus on searching diversity of blogs. In order to visualize the factor solution found by PLSA we present an elucidating example. the TDT-1 collection: real love in the context of family life as opposed to staged love in the sense of Hollywood". In Section 5  , we propose ARSA  , the sentiment-aware model for predicting future product sales. Second  , in most cases  , the W value of those combined resources are in between occasionally above the resources that are combined. For Lemur  , the distribution decreases from For Lemur  , the distribution decreases from The precision estimates are taken from the TREC 2009/10 diversity task data for Lemur  , and from the MovieLens 2 dataset for pLSA more details in section 4.2. In our case  , the nodes of the graph are documents and the edge weights are defined as the closeness in location between two documents. NetPLSA regularizes PLSA with a harmonic regularizer based on a graph structure in the data. Intuitively  , user communities grouped by basic PLSA model can represent interest topics towards item categories. In this way  , the statistical topic model could capture the co-occurences of items and encourage to group users into communities. On the other hand  , it assigns surprisingly low probability of " windy " to Texas. PLSA assigns extremely large close to 1 pθ|d of the topic " windy " to Delaware  , and " hurricane " to Hawaii. It is shown to improve the quality of the extracted aspects when compared with two strong baselines. In the first step  , we propose a topic modeling method  , called Structured PLSA  , modeling the dependency structure of phrases in short comments. Experimental results show the PLSA model works effectively for recommending questions. Meanwhile  , because traditional evaluation metrics cannot meet the special requirements of QA communities  , we also propose a novel metric to evaluate the recommendation performance. The only difference is that Baseline is under PLSA formalism and our model is in SAGE formalism. Our model without φ geo   , η user and θ user : This is essentially very similar to Baseline. 2 The semantic similarity-based weighting Sim is the best weighting strategy. Iterative Residual Rescaling IRR 1  is proposed to counteract LSA's tendency to ignore the minor-class documents . In order to understand the data analyzed  , we briefly describe the framework used to implement the lightweight comment summarizer. In contrast  , implementations on PLSA discuss 50 ,000 by 8 ,000 term-doc matrices  , and execute in about half an hour1. Intuitively  , CTM selects more related terms for each topic than PLSA  , which shows the better performance of CTM. Similar subtle differences can be observed for Topic 3 IR as well. In many cases  , however  , the reviews are continuously becoming available  , with the sentiment factors constantly changing. The S-PLSA model can be trained in a batch manner on a collection of reviews  , and then be applied to analyze others. Table 2 shows results on further metrics  , showing also the diversification of the popularity-based recommender baseline  , in addition to pLSA. Overall the improvement respect to xQuAD is clear. The concept features can be derived from different pLSA models with different concept granularities and used together. In the second step  , weak hypotheses are constructed based on both term features and concept features . Intuitively  , ωt ,j represents the average fraction of the sentiment " mass " that can be attributed to the hidden sentiment factor j. where pz = j|bb ∈ Bt are obtained based a trained S- PLSA model. Instead of decomposing X into A and S  , PLSA gives the probabilities of motifs in latent components. For each component z we pick the motifs w whose probability P w|z is significantly larger than zero. It is noticeable that on topic set 1-50  , click logs remarkably outperform the other two resources across all settings of K. A possible explanation is that this topic set is derived from query logs of commercial search engines 12  , and therefore the click logs have a relatively high coverage and turn out to be an effective resource for these topics. Our probabilistic semantic approach is based on the PLSA model that is called aspect model 2. In the text context  , an observed event corresponds to occurrence of a word w occurring in a document d. The model indirectly associates keywords to its corresponding documents through introducing an intermediate layer called hidden factor variable }  ,.. , From formula 2  , we can see that the aspect model expresses dimensionality reduction by mapping a high dimensional term document matrix into the lower dimensional one k dimension in latent semantic space.  represents the probability of head term w h associated with modifier wm assigned to the jth aspect. In contrast  , Structured PLSA model goes beyond the comments and organizes the head terms by their modifiers  , which could use more meaningful syntactic relations. Since we are working on short comments  , there are usually only a few phrases in each comment  , so the co-occurrence of head terms in comments is not very informative. Compared with Unstructured PLSA  , this method models the co-occurrence of head terms at the level of the modifiers they use instead of at the level of comments they occur. Unsupervised topic modeling has been an area of active research since the PLSA method was proposed in 17 as a probabilistic variant of the LSA method 9  , the approach widely used in information retrieval to perform dimensionality reduction of documents. Then  , generation of a word in this model is defined as follows: Using our TPLSA model  , the common knowledge between two domains can be extracted as a prior knowledge in the model  , and then can be transferred to the test domain through the bridge with respect to common latent topics. Our key idea is to extend PLSA 8 to build a topic-bridge and then transfer the common topics between two domains. Now that we have described our approach to model the relations between subtopics extracted from multiple resources  , the next question is: how can we combine the relations between the explicit subtopics with the implicit subtopics ? For a query q  , we apply pLSA on the set of retrieved documents D = {di} M i=1 to obtain the implicit subtopics associated with q. By maximizing the regularized log-likelihood  , Laplacian pLSA softly assigns documents to the same cluster if they 1 share many terms and 2 belong to the same explicit subtopics. γ is a parameter that controls the amount of regularization from external resources. Figure 3 shows the result of IA-select using topic models constructed with the following methods: pLSA without regularization and LapPLSA regularized by similarity matrices generated using click logs  , anchor text  , and Web ngrams  , i.e. , LapPLSA_C  , Lap- PLSA_A  , and LapPLSA_N  , respectively. " In terms of RQ4  , we find that LapPLSA regularized with explicit subtopics tends to outperform the non-regularized pLSA for cases where we do not optimize the setting of K  , and simply choose it at random from a reasonable range. The combined resource usually results in a diversification performance in between that of the individual resources combined. Despite the seemingly lower word coverage compared to using " bag of words "   , decent performance has been reported when using appraisal words in sentiment classification 24. That implies that representing the sentiments with higher dimensional probability vectors allows S-PLSA to more fully capture the sentiment information   , which leads to more accurate prediction. As shown in Figure 2a  , as K increases from 1 to 4  , the prediction accuracy improves  , and at K = 4  , ARSA achieves an MAPE of 12.1%. It is worth noting that although we have only used S- PLSA for the purpose of prediction in this work  , it is indeed a model general enough to be applied to other scenarios. Equipped with the proposed models  , companies will be able to better harness the predictive power of blogs and conduct businesses in a more effective way. In addition  , the factor representation obtained by PLSA allows to deal with polysemous words and to explicitly distinguish between diierent meanings and diierent t ypes of word usage. This implies in particular that standard techniques from statistics can be applied for questions like model tting  , model combination  , and complexity control. We h a ve presented a novel method for automated indexing based on a statistical latent class model. Recent w ork has also shown that the beneets of PLSA extend beyond document indexing and that a similar approach can be utilized  , e.g. , for language modeling 44 and collaborative ltering 55. Further investigation is needed to take full advantage of the prior information provided by term weighting schemes. Also shown are simulationsize inputs for three benchmarks for comparison  , with scores from simulator-based profiling shown in parentheses. For brevity  , Table 3 shows LIME results for only five parallel sections for " real " inputs too large for simulation  , including one from a benchmark PLSA from bioParallel benchmark 10 that is infeasible to run in simulation. We evaluate the performance of OTM on the tasks of document classification using the method similar to 9 . Rather than applying each separately  , it is reasonable to merge them into a joint probabilistic model with a common set of underlying topics as shown in Fig. Documents  , authors and venues are generally composed of words  , so each of them can be decomposed by topic models  , such as PLSA 2  , respectively. We introduce the latent variable to indicate each topic under users and questions. First  , we employ the PLSA to analyze the topic information of all the questions  , and then model the answerer role and asker role of each user based on questions which he answers or asks. The amount of components looked for with ICA  , NMF and PLSA methods was 200  , and the frequency threshold percentage for finding about 200 frequent sets was 10%. Some comparison between the methods can be found in the section 3.3 and discussion about the biological relevance of the results in the section 3.4. Components with only one motif were left out  , as they do not include information about the relationships of the motifs . Finally  , the Quality of Services QoS is combined with the proposed semantic method to produce a final score that reflects how semantically close the query is to available services. Next  , PLSA is used to match semantic similarity between query and web services. We propose to solve the rated aspect summarization problem in three steps: 1 extract major aspects; 2 predict rating for each aspect from the overall ratings; 3 extract representative phrases. represents the probability of head term w h associated with modifier wm assigned to the jth aspect. 11 One of these topics has a prior towards positive sentiment words and the other towards negative sentiment words  , where both priors are induced from sentiment labeled data. In our work  , We employ PLSA 3 to analyze a user's interest by investigating his previously asked questions and accordingly generate fine-grained question recommendation . However  , these systems are not typical recommender systems in essence in that they have not taken users' interest into account. We keep the same values for λ as were selected in the previous experiments  , and the pLSA baseline in the recommendation task. For this test  , we select the TREC subtopics in the search task with | estimated on relevance judgments  , and the MovieLens dataset for the recommendation task. As documents belonging to each of these groups received by definition similar votes from the view-specific PLSA models  , the voting pattern representing each of these groups is called the cluster signature. Once a voting pattern is obtained for each multilingual document  , we attempt to group documents such that in each group  , documents share similar voting patterns. We keep the C largest groups with the most documents as initial clusters. From previous experiments  , we have seen that the number of topics K is an important parameter  , whose optimal value is difficult to predict. The overall approach can be decomposed into three stages: In the unsupervised learning stage  , we use pLSA to derive domain-specific cepts and to create semantic document representations over these concepts. As we have argued this can address some of the shortcomings of pure term-based representations. We summarized the previous PLSA based methods for question recommendation and discovered that they can be divided into two main categories: 1 methods that model the user indirectly. We can compute the consistency between the distribution on topics of a user and a question to determine whether to recommend the question to the user. Although ATM obtains comparable performance to CTM in terms of papers  , our CTM approach can obtain significant improvements in terms of authors. We have shown that the observations can be decomposed into meaningful components using the frequent sets and latent variable methods. With the smaller yeast data PLSA did not do very well  , but ICA and NMF found interesting longer components and maximal frequent sets gave a good coverage of data. The support of a representative opinion is defined as the size of the cluster represented by the opinion sentences. Finally  , a simplified version of the model i.e. , no prior  , basic PLSA can be used to cluster any group of sentences to extract representative opinion sentences. Several follow-up work tries to address the limitations of TSM from different perspectives. However  , this kind of division cannot capture the interrelation between topic and sentiment  , given a document is still modeled as an unordered bag of words; and TSM also suffers from the same problems as in pLSA  , e.g. , overfitting and can hardly generalize to unseen documents. In addition to the user and previous queries  , the model can also include result URLs  , individual query terms or phrases  , or important relatedness indicators like the temporal delay between queries 3. An advantage of the PLSA approach over previous techniques is that it can be readily augmented to incorporate new sources of information. According to different independence assumptions  , we implement two variants of DRM. Our results have brought to light the positive impact of the first stage of our approach which can be viewed as a voting mechanism over different views. Working in the concatenated feature spaces the remaining unclustered documents are then assigned to the groups using a constrained PLSA model.  We propose the Autoregressive Sentiment Aware ARSA model for product sales prediction  , which reflects the effects of both sentiments and past sales performance on future sales performance. We propose the S-PLSA model  , which through the use of appraisal groups  , provides a probabilistic framework to analyze sentiments in blogs. where p  , q  , and K are user-chosen parameters  , while φi and ρi ,j are parameters whose values are to be estimated using the training data. The model can be formulated as In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. The accuracy and effectiveness of our model have been confirmed by the experiments on the movie data set. Using S-PLSA as a means of " summarizing " sentiment information from blogs  , we develop ARSA  , a model for predicting sales performance based on the sentiment information and the product's past sales performance. Notice that the semantic features are probabilities while word features are word counts or absolute frequencies. After the first stage of pLSA learning  , a document di can be described in terms of semantic features P z k |di as well as word features ndi  , wj. Yet another approach to deriving document representations that takes semantic similarities of terms into account has been proposed in 15. Cohn and Hofmann combine PLSA and PHITS together and derive a unified model from text contents and citation information of documents under the same latent space 4. Their model explores the d2d-link graph to detect some community cores and then uses text information to improve community consistency. As in the experiments in search diversity  , the λ parameter in xQuAD and RxQuAD is chosen to optimize for ERR-IA on each dataset. In fact  , the performance of regularization with click logs is still decent ; testing for significance of the difference between run G C and run pLSA has a p-value of 0.077 for ERR-IA@20 and 0.059 for α-nDCG@20. One salient feature of our modeling is the judicious use of hyperparameters  , which can be recursively updated in order to obtain up-to-date posterior distribution and to estimate new model parameters. We call the proposed model the S-PLSA + model  , in which the parameters are estimated by maximizing an approximate posterior distribution. Our method can not only discover topic milestone papers discussed in previous work  , but also explore venue milestone papers and author milestone papers. The model is based on PLSA  , and authorship  , published venues and citation relations have been included in it. One of the advantages of latent variable methods such as ICA  , NMF and PLSA is that they give a parsimonious representation of the data. The data could be nicely covered with these motifs that are very common  , but in this study we aim at finding relationships between the motifs. If a quick overview of the most common patterns in the data matrix is needed  , maximal frequent sets or NMF might be good methods to use. In essence  , it assumes that there are a number of hidden factors or aspects in the documents  , and models using a probabilistic framework the relationship among those factors  , the documents  , and the words appearing in the documents . Our particular choice for sentiment modeling is the S-PLSA model 2   , which has been shown to be effective in sales performance prediction. The hidden variables in PLSA correspond to the events that a term w in document d is generated from the j-th topic. Computationally  , the E-step boils down to computing the conditional distribution of the hidden variables given the data and Ψn. Once we created the testing datasets  , we extract topics from the data using both PLSA and NetPLSA. Specifically  , Topic 1 well corresponds to the information retrieval SIGIR community  , Topic 2 is closely related to the data mining KDD community  , Topic 3 covers the machine learning NIPS community  , and Topic 4 well covers the topic that is unique to the conference of WWW. Intuitively   , if the communities are coherent  , there should be many inner edges within each community and few cut edges across different communities. In the optional third stage  , we have a review segment ri with multiple sentences and we would like to align all extracted representative opinions to the sentences in ri. The 7th to 11th column of Table 1shows the results of the precision of the PLSA-based image selection when the number of topics k varied from 10 to 100. In the experiments  , all the precision of the results except for positive and candidate images are evaluated at 15% recall. With the rapidly expanding scientific literature  , identifying and digesting valuable knowledge is a challenging task especially in digital library. In addition to each sentence's social attribute  , such as author  , conference  , etc. , the implicit semantic relatedness between sentences is modeled through semi-supervised PLSA1. This can be achieved by extending the basic PLSA to incorporate a conjugate prior defined based on the target paper's abstract and using the Maximum A Posterior MAP estimator . Further more  , we define a certain number of unigram language models to capture the extra topics which are the complement to the original paper's abstract. Then all sentences in the collection can be clustered into one of the topic clusters. In all of the experiments  , the learning rate is set to 0.025 and the window size is set to 8. The original ARSA model uses S-PLSA as the component for capturing sentiment information. As a sample application  , we plug it into the ARSA model proposed in 4  , which is used to predict sales performance based on reviews and past sales data. Practically  , as the latent model is estimated from the observations  , it effectively fuses the sources of information. PLSA establishes a generative relationship between instances of clusters observed in various views and discrete variables z and thus makes explicit the absolute data distribution in a homogeneous latent space. As Figure 1 illustrates  , the IDRM can be divided into two steps. In pLSA  , it is assumed that document-term pairs are generated independently and that term and document identity are conditionally independent given the concept. The number of concepts  , K  , is fixed beforehand  , but the concepts themselves are derived in a data-driven fashion. We are the first to model sentiments in blogs as the joint outcome of some hidden factors  , answering the call for a model that can handle the complex nature of sentiments. To verify that the sentiment information captured by the S-PLSA model plays an important role in box office revenue prediction  , we compare ARSA with two alternative methods which do not take sentiment information into consideration. The model can be formulated as In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. To further demonstrate this  , we experiment with the following autoregressive model that utilizes the volume of blogs mentions. Like any topic model based approach  , LapPLSA Laplacian pLSA depends on a prefixed parameter  , the number of topics K. There is no easy solution to find the optimal K without prior knowledge or sufficient training data. Note that our framework outputs regularized topic models of a query  , i.e. , an implicit topic representation. While results are relatively stable with respect to γ  , we find that the performance of diversification with topic models is rather sensitive to the parameter K. In Section 6  , we will discuss the impact of K on the diversification results using our framework. Topic modeling approaches employing PLSA have also been used to extract latent themes within a set of articles5   , however this approach is heavyweight and may incorrectly cluster important terms causing them to be missed. This overhead is unnecessary and expensive for individuals wishing to get an overall understanding of user opinion. For example  , in our data it was shown that conservatives preferred writing " Barrack Hussein Obama " over the liberal " Obama " . Though some other methods take the textual content into account  , they make oversimplified assumptions and thus ignore useful participation information. The effect of the length of these voting patterns and the number of latent variables in view-specific PLSA models are interesting avenues for future research. TL-PLSA outperforms the other three approaches  , especially in terms of precision  , when there is a large percentage of unshared classes Figure 5. The results for the SYNC3 dataset and LSHTC dataset show that the fewer classes that are shared between the source and target domains we have  , the more our approach outperforms the other three. The aim in this paper is to find interesting patterns that characterize the dependencies of the motifs in the data set well or patterns that are surprising  , and to provide a comparison between the methods used. The 10 components giving the best coverage of motif occurrences in the human upstream regions found by each method have been presented here. This indicates that Local Prediction is sufficient and even better than Global Prediction at selecting only a few representative phrases for each aspect. Modeling sentiments: Note that Equation 1 is a general framework   , as it does not limit the methods used for sentiment modeling and quality modeling. Overall  , the control flow results of Pin-based profiling are very similar to those from the simulator. Additionally  , there is no natural way to assign probability to new documents. Despite the effectiveness of PLSA for mapping the same document to several different topics  , it is still not a fully generative model at the level of documents  , i.e. , the number of parameters that need to be estimated grows proportionally with the size of the training set. Additionally  , we show 3 author name variations corresponding to the same person with their probability for each topic. Illustrative examples of these results are presented in Table 5  , which summarizes the results of the PLSA model by showing the 10 highest probability words along with their corresponding conditional probabilities from 4 topics in the CiteSeer data set. Our intuition is derived from the observation that the data in two domains may share some common topics  , since the two domains are assumed to be relevant. We propose a novel approach called Topic-bridged PLSA or TPLSA for short for the cross-domain text classification problem. We start with the performance of LapPLSA using single resources. Given our observations on the combined result  , a natural step for future work would prune further to prevent low quality resources from deteriorating high quality resources. We therefore conclude that In terms of RQ4  , we find that LapPLSA regularized with explicit subtopics tends to outperform the non-regularized pLSA for cases where we do not optimize the setting of K  , and simply choose it at random from a reasonable range. Topic models like PLSA typically operate in extremely high dimensional spaces. It might be because of the sparsity of data  , no obvious dimensions are much more important than others  , and every word has some contribution in representing passages nominated for a topic. As a consequence  , the " curse of dimensionality " is lurking around the corner  , and thus the hyperparameters such as initial conditional probabilities and smoothing parameters settings have the potential to significantly affect the results 1. To illustrate the re-ranking performance graphically  , we plot the data in Figuresels are not necessarily the same as the aspects of Genomics Track. In this paper  , we propose a new topic model  , the Orthogonalized Topic Model OTM  , to focus on orthogonalizing the topic-word distributions. Experiments were conducted on an IMDB dataset to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed approach by comparing the prediction accuracy of ARSA using S-PLSA + and that of the original ARSA. The accuracy stays stable from Epoch 2 through Epoch 4  , indicating that no significant new information is available from Epoch 2 to Epoch 4. Only over pLSA in MovieLens we observe mixed results  , with xQuAD producing better values on α-nDCG and nDCG-IA respectively  , while RxQuAD is best on ERR-IA  , and pure diversity –as measured by S-precision@r and S-recall. We see that our approach is consistently better in most cases. RxQuAD achieves clearer improvements on the popularity baseline . It can be observed that the redundancy penalization effect of | is consistent with the equivalent parameter in the metric  , i.e. In the first stage  , all documents in the collection were used for pLSA learning without making use of the class labels. We used the modified Apte  " ModApte "  split  , which divides the collection into 9  , 603 training documents ; 3  , 299 test documents; and 8  , 676 unused documents. The wide spread use of blogs as a way of conveying personal views and comments has offered an unique opportunity to understand the general public's sentiments and use this information to advance business intelligence. Another possible direction for future work is to use S-PLSA as a tool to help track and monitor the changes and trends in sentiments expressed online. The data coverage of the components found by each of the methods may seem poor  , but one must remember that we have discarded components consisting of one motif only. We may present the data as a set of latent variables  , and these latent variables can be described either as lists of representative attributes here  , motifs or as lists of representative observations here  , upstream regions. Comparing the obtained results between the three datasets  , we can notice that our approach in SYNC3 and LSHTC datasets achieves similar performance when reducing the percentage of shared classes. The relatively high F1C scores of our methods indicate that the number of unique authors can be estimated with the number of achieved clusters from the original data set. As expected  , the diversification results of IA-select based on both pLSA and on LapPLSA are sensitive to the change of the parameter K. In particular  , there is no clear correlation between the number of clusters and the end-to-end diversification performance  , which further suggests the difficulty of finding an optimal K that would fit for a set of queries. To some extent  , we can consider the Web ngrams more similar to the document content than click logs and anchor text. Following the similar idea of regularized es- timation 19  , we define a decay parameter η and a prior weight µ j as A new concept called " theme " is introduced in TSM for document modeling  , and a theme is modeled as a compound of these three components: neutral topic words  , positive words and negative words  , in each document. TSM is constructed based on the pLSA model 9 : in addition to assuming a corpus consists of a set of latent topics with neutral sentiment  , TSM introduces two additional sentiment models  , one for positive and one for negative sentiment . Further  , compared to G C and G A   , G N has a relatively lower W on all three topic sets  , which suggests that with a random K  , LapPLSA regularized with G N is less likely to improve over pLSA compared to G A and G C . Instead  , we start with a normalized random distribution for all these conditional probabilities the results reported in this paper are the average of a few runs. In the experiments  , we find that we cannot start PLSA model with a uniform distribution for P z  , P d|z  , and P w|z; otherwise  , the convergence will happen immediately in the first iteration due to the sparsity of data. We have evaluated the quality of six different topic models ; since the human coding results were obtained as part of a case study for mining ethnic-related content  , two models work specifically with ethnonyms  , but in each case the assessors simply evaluated top words in every topic: We have trained all models with T = 400 topics  , a number chosen by training pLSA models with 100  , 300  , and 400 topics and evaluating the results. Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. In fact  , the performance of regularization with click logs is still decent ; testing for significance of the difference between run G C and run pLSA has a p-value of 0.077 for ERR-IA@20 and 0.059 for α-nDCG@20. p-value of 0.1 for ERR-IA@20 and 0.054 for α-nDCG@20  , the highest absolute score is achieved across all settings on this set. Note that at epoch n  , only the new reviews Dn and the current statistics φ n−1 are used to update the S-PLSA + parameters  , and the set of reviews Dn are discarded after new parameter values φ n are obtained  , which results in significant savings in computational resources. This leads to θ n ≈ arg max θ P Dn|θgθ|φ n−1 . The dataset was obtained from the IMDB Website by collecting 28 ,353 reviews for 20 drama films released in the US from May 1  , 2006 to September 1  , 2006  , along with their daily gross box office revenues. As long as the batch is sampled in an unbiased fashion  , this procedure can be applied to provide an accurate estimate of the error rate for a given set of documents. One problem with all the methods described in this section is that it is not easy to select the parameters defining the amount of components to be looked for. Such a set is identified either as a frequent set  , or as attributes having a large value in a column of the A matrix in ICA or NMF or as attributes w having a large value of P w|z in PLSA. Next  , we calculate the probability of being positive or negative regarding each topic  , P pos|z and P neg|z using pseudo-training images  , assuming that all other candidates images than pseudo positive images are negative samples. First  , we apply the PLSA method to the candidate images with the given number of topics  , and get the probability of each topic over each image  , P z|I. This allows the transferring of the learned knowledge to be naturally done even when the domains are different between training and test data. A major advantage of our work is that by extending the PLSA model for data from both training and test domains  , we are able to delineate nicely parts of the knowledge through TPLSA that is constant between different domains and parts that are specific to each data set. In general  , click logs and anchor text seem to be more valuable resources for regularization compared to Web ngrams  , across different settings of K. Notice that the Web ngrams are primarily derived from document content  , so perhaps their lower effectiveness can be explained by lower influence on pLSA  , which also uses document content. The common idea of these approaches is that a documentspecific unigram language-model P ,~w can be used to compute for each document the probability to generate a given query. The latter strengthen also our intuition  , that TL-PLSA can learn the shared and unshared classes between domains  , when few documents per class exist  , given a large number of classes as in the SYNC3 and LSHTC datasets. This can be due to the fact that 20Newsgroups categories seem to be closer to each other  , and as a result  , the classifiers are not affected so much. That is  , instead of using the appraisal words  , we train an S-PLSA model with the bag-of-words feature set  , and feed the probabilities over the hidden factors thus obtained into the ARSA model for training and prediction. To test the effectiveness of using appraisal words as the feature set  , we experimentally compare ARSA with a model that uses the classic bag-of-words method for feature selection   , where the feature vectors are computed using the relative frequencies of all the words appearing in the blog entries. Note that  , in practice  , it is generally infeasible to consider all the words appearing in the blog entries as potential features   , because the feature set would be extremely large in the order of 100 ,000 in our data set  , and the cost of constructing a document-feature matrix could be prohibitively high. This may due to the fact that the click logs have a very low < 50% coverage on this topic set  , and that the topic set is rather recent created in 2011 while the click logs were created in 2006  , which may lead to further sparseness: e.g. , on average   , G A has 17.1 nodes per query  , while G C only has 7.6 nodes per query on this topic set. Probabilistic facts model extensional knowledge. retrieveD :-aboutD ,"retrieval". This enables a principled integration of the thesaurus model and a probabilistic retrieval model. Second  , word associations in our technique have a welldefined probabilistic interpretation. Relevance measurements were integrated within a probabilistic retrieval model for reranking of results. Several probabilistic retrieval models for integrating term statistics with entity search using multiple levels of document context to improve the performance of chemical patent invalidity search.  In the language model approaches to information retrieval  , models that capture term dependencies achieve substantial improvements over the unigram model. Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. Our suggested probabilistic methods are also able to retrieve per-feature opinions for a query product. To solve the problem  , we propose a new probabilistic retrieval method  , Translation model  , Specifications Generation model  , and Review and Specifications Generation model  , as well as standard summarization model MEAD  , its modified version MEAD-SIM  , and standard ad-hoc retrieval method. The model builds a simple statistical language model for each document in the collection. The Mirror DBMS uses the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval Hie99  , HK99. Traditional information retrieval models are mainly classified into classic probabilistic model  , vector space model and statistical language model. The corresponding weighting function is as follows. Probabilistic Information Retrieval IR model is one of the most classical models in IR. So far almost all the legal information retrieval systems are based on the boolean retrieval model. This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. The second issue is the problem of cross-language information retrieval. In here  , we further developed and used a fully probabilistic retrieval model. Previously  , we developed various document-context dependent retrieval models 1 that operate in a RF environment. The probabilistic retrieval model is attractive because it provides a theoretical foundation for the retrieval operation which takes into account the notion of document relevance. Then we present a probabilistic object-oriented logic for realizing this model  , which uses probabilistic Datalog as inference mechanism. give a survey on the overall architecture of DOLORES and describe its underlying multimedia retrieval model. We argue that the current indexing models have not led to improved retrieval results. One component of a probabilistic retrieval model is the indexing model  , i.e. , a model of the assignment of indexing terms to documents. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query generated from a document 9. Uses of probabilistic language model in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model. The retrieval was performed using query likelihood for the queries in Tables 1 and 2  , using the language models estimated with the probabilistic annotation model. This evaluation can only be performed for the probabilistic annotation model  , because the direct retrieval model allows us only to estimate feature distributions for individual word images  , not page images. Sound statistic background of the model brings its outstanding performance. This model shows that documents should be ranked according to the score These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. BIR: The background model comprises several sequences of judgements. Next  , consider the background model for each of the probabilistic retrieval models. This in contrast with the probabilistic model of information retrieval . The term discrimination model has been criticised because it does not exhibit well substantiated theoretical properties. A notable feature of the Fuhr model is the integration of indexing and retrieval models. An additional probabilistic model is that of Fuhr 4. We use different state-of-the-art keyword-based probabilistic retrieval models such as the sequential dependence model  , a query likelihood model  , and relevance model query expansion . The joint document retrieval model combines keyword-based retrieval models with entity-based retrieval models. The linkage weighting model based on link frequency can substantially and stably improve the retrieval performances. Similarly  , 16  integrated linkage weighting calculated from a citation graph into the content-based probabilistic weighting model to facilitate the publication retrieval. Here we evaluate the performance of whole page retrieval. An effective thesaurus-based technique must deal with the problem of word polysemy or ambiguity  , which is particularly serious for Arabic retrieval. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query to be generated from a document 16. Uses of probabilistic language models in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model given that recent probabilistic approaches tend to use too many heuristics. The SMART information retrieval system  , originally developed by Salton  , uses the vector-space model of information retrieval that represents query and documents as term vectors. For our probabilistic runs we used the SMART retrieval runs as provided by NIST. The following equations describe those used as the foundation of our retrieval strategies. We conducted numerous calibrations using the vector space model Singhal96  , Robertson's probabilistic retrieval strategy Robertson98  , and a modified vector space retrieval strategy. In this work  , we show that the database centric probabilistic retrieval model has various interesting properties for both automatic image annotation and semantic retrieval. In this sense  , database centric retrieval is a significantly easier problem. The probabilistic model of retrieval 20 does this very clearly  , but the language model account of what retrieval is about is not that clear. From the standpoint of retrieval theory  , the presumption has been that relevance should be explicitly recognized in any formal model of retrieval. The proposed probabilistic models of passage-based retrieval are trained in a discriminative manner . The second probabilistic model goes a step further and takes into account the content similarities among passages. However  , accurately estimating these probabilities is difficult for generative probabilistic language modeling techniques. In summary  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. Instead of the vector space model or the classical probabilistic model we will use a new model  , called the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval  , which is described in the appendix of this paper. The unstructured queries mentioned in the next section will also refer to the use of a bag-of-words model. It is generally agreed that the probabilistic approach provides a sound theoretical basis for the development of information retrieval systems. There have been extensive studies on the probabilistic model5 ,6 ,7 ,8. We define the parameters of relevant and non-relevant document language model as θR and θN . We model the relevant model and non-relevant model in the probabilistic retrieval model as two multinomial distributions. In the language modeling framework  , documents are modeled as the multinomial distributions capturing the word frequency occurrence within the documents. A model of a retrieval situation with PDEL contains two separate parts  , one epistemic model that accomodates the deterministic information about the interactions and one pure probabilistic model. Besides the most basic way to incorporate new evidence into an existing probabilistic model  , that is conditional probability  , there are some alternatives such as using Dempster-Shafer theory 5 or cross-entropy 4 . The about predicate says that d1 is about 'databases' with 0.7 probability and about 'retrieval' with 0.5 probability . The rule retrieve means that a document should be retrieved when it is about 'databases' or 'retrieval'. Rules model intensional knowledge  , from which new probabilistic facts are derived. We provide a probabilistic model for image retrieval problem. In other words  , any possible ranking lists could be the final list with certain probability. Therefore  , in a probabilistic model for video retrieval shots are ranked by their probability of having generated the query. P Shot i  = constant. However  , applying the probabilistic IR model into legal text retrieval is relatively new. The efficiency of it to improve the performance of IR has been affirmed widely. query terms rather than document terma because they were investigating probabilistic retrieval Model 2 of Robertson et.al. In their formulation  , they attached the weight to . The incrementing of document scores in this way is ba.sed on a probabilistic model of retrieval described in Croft's paper. These Technical details of the probabilistic retrieval model can be found in the appendix of this paper. Finally  , section 6 contains concluding remarks. After obtaining   , another essential component in Eqn. In sum  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. the probabilistic model offers justification for various methods that had previously been used in automatic retrieval environments on an empirical basis. HARP78 ,VANR77 Finally. If a query consists of several independent parts e.g. We present a probabilistic model for the retrieval of multimodal documents. Is it useful to identify important parts in query images ? We will revisit and evaluate some representative retrieval models to examine how well they work for finding related articles given a seed article. A variety of retrieval models have been well studied in information retrieval to model relevance  , such as vector space model  , classic probabilistic model  , and language models 31  , 28  , 34  , 24  , 33  , 38 . With weight parameters  , these can be integrated into one distribution over documents  , e.g. In ROBE81 a similar retrieval model  , the 80 251 called two-poisson-independence TPI model is described. The re~rieval-with-probabilistic-indexing RPI model described here is suited to different models of probabilis- Uc indexing. To derive our probabilistic retrieval model  , we first propose a basic query formulation model. Although they do not remember their starting point  , our model limits the number of transitions to keep them in the vicinity  Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. In summary  , several conclusions can be drawn from the experi- ments. Many models for ranking functions have been proposed previously  , including vector space model 43   , probabilistic model 41 and language model 35 . Ranking is the central part of many applications including document retrieval  , recommender systems  , advertising and so on. In the information retrieval domain  , the systems are based on three basic models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model. The next section presents our method based on term proximity to score the documents. 10 uses a 2-Poisson model for including term frequency-based probabilities in the probabilistic retrieval model. 9 shows experimentally that most of the terms words in a collection are distributed according to a low dimension n-Poisson model. The novelty of our work lies in a probabilistic generation model for opinion retrieval  , which is general in motivation and flexible in practice. Therefore this approach is expected to be generalized to all kinds of resources for opinion retrieval task. navigation-aided retrieval constitutes a strict generalization of the conventional probabilistic IR model. This property  , if confirmed through further experiments  , would obviate the need to choose from two alternative retrieval methods based on the nature of the search task. Thus  , we avoid confusing fusion improvements with simple parsing or other system differences. This provides the needed document ranking function. In the next section  , we describe related work on collection selection and merging of ranked results. Thk paper describes how these issues can be addressed in a retrieval system based on the inference net  , a probabilistic model of information retrieval. 6 identify and classify temporal information needs based on the relevant document timestamp distribution to improve retrieval. 2 integrate temporal expressions in documents into a time-aware probabilistic retrieval model. This paper looks at the three grand probabilistic retrieval models: binary independent retrieval BIR  , Poisson model PM  , and language modelling LM. The derivation leads to theorems and formulae that relate and explain existing IR models. Query likelihood retrieval model 1  , which assumes that a document generates a query  , has been shown to work well for ad-hoc information retrieval. To solve the problem in a more principled way  , we introduce our probabilistic methods. The model supports probabilistic indexing 9  , however we implement a simplified version in which only estimates of O or 1 are used for the probability that a document has a feature. Classifiers were trained according to the probabilistic model described by Lewis 14  , which was derived from a retrieval model proposed by Fuhr 9. Eri can be determined by a point estimate from the specific text retrieval model that has been applied. Different probabilistic retrieval models result in different estimators of Eri and Cn. The probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S 11  scores documents by combining field-level querylikelihood scores similarly to other field-based retrieval mod- els 13. PM Fj|w = PM w|FjPM Fj This shows that both the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the language modeling approach to retrieval are special cases of the risk minimization framework. See 14 for details of this derivation. Results include  , for example  , the formalisation of event spaces. Performance on the official TREC-8 ad hoc task using our probabilistic retrieval model is shown in Figure 7. We participated in the 1999 TREC-8 ad hoc text retrieval evalu- ation 8. Similar probabilistic model is also proposed in 24  , but this model focuses in parsing noun phrases thus not generally applicable to web queries. However  , we employ clickthrough query-document pairs to improve segmentation accuracy and further refine the retrieval model by utilizing probabilistic query segmentation. Although PRMS was originally proposed for XML retrieval  , it was later applied to ERWD 2. To overcome this limitation  , Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semistructured Data PRMS 14 maps each query term into document fields using probabilistic classification based on collection statistics. The first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage in the document is relevant. To improve the performance of passage-based retrieval  , this paper proposes two probabilistic models to estimate the probability of relevance of a document given the evidence of a set of top ranked passages in the document. We start with a probabilistic retrieval model: we use probabilistic indexing weights  , the document score is the probability that the document implies the query  , and we estimate the probability that the document is relevant to a user. Here we introduce methods for estimating costs based on the most crucial cost source  , retrieval quality. In the following  , we investigate three different  , theoretically motivated methods for predicting retrieval quality i.e. , the number of relevant libraries in the result set: 1. One of the main reasons why the probabilistic model bas not been widely accepted is; pemaps  , due to its computational complexity. So far the majority of research work in information retrieval is largely non-probabilistic even though significant headway has been made with probabilistic methods 9. The term-precision model differs from the previous two weighting systems in that document relevance is taken into account. The standard probabilistic retrieval model uses three basic parameters  Swanson  , 1974  , 1975: The thesaurus is incorporated within classical information retrieval models  , such as vector space model and probabilistic model 13. WordNet has been used to recognize compound terms and dependencies among terms in these studies. The score function of the probabilistic retrieval model based on the multinomial distribution can be derived from taking the log-odds ratio of two multinomial distributions. The Non-relevant model P d l |θN  is defined in the same way. In this paper we introduce a probabilistic information retrieval model. As a future work  , we plan to incorporate term proximity ordered and un-ordered bigram information into our model. Although the most popular is still undoubtedly the vector space model proposed by Salton 19   , many new or complementary alternatives have been proposed  , such as the Probabilistic Model 16. Information Retrieval models have come a long way. the binary independent retrieval BIR model 15 and some state-of-the-art language models proposed for IR in the literature. We compare LDM to both the classical probabilistic model i.e. Recently  , the PRF principle has also been implemented within the language modeling framework. It has been implemented in different retrieval models: vector space model 15  , probabilistic model 13  , and so on. Overall  , the PLM is shown to be able to achieve " soft " passage retrieval and capture proximity heuristic effectively in a unified probabilistic framework. It is also observed that the proposed PLM not only outperforms the general document language model  , but also outperforms the regular sliding-window passage retrieval method and a state-of-theart proximity-based retrieval model. We further incorporate the probabilistic query segmentation into a unified language model for information retrieval. In this paper  , we propose a query segmentation model that quantifies the uncertainty in segmentation by probabilistically modeling the query and clicked document pairs. We proposed a formal probabilistic model of Cross-Language Information Retrieval. Finally  , we would like to explore applications of our model in other tasks  , such as Topic Detection and Tracking  , and in other languages. In this paper  , we present a Cross Term Retrieval model  , denoted as CRTER  , to model the associations among query terms in probabilistic retrieval models. However  , their experiments are not conclusive and their retrieval functions are not shown to be effective and robust enough 28. The retrieval model we use to rank video shots is a generative model inspired by the language modelling approach to information retrieval 2  , 1  and a similar probabilistic approach to image re- trieval 5. The retrieval status value RSV of an image ωi is defined as: We start by formulating the integrated language model with query segmentation based on the probabilistic ranking prin- ciple 15. Note that the retrieval model proposed here is independent of the query segmentation technique. Given a text query  , retrieval can be done with these probabilistic annotations in a language model based approach using query-likelihood ranking. The model for mapping is learned using a training set of transcribed annotations. Preliminary experiments showed that increasing the number of features above 40 per code did not improve performance. We explain the PRM-S model in the following section. 10 on desktop search  , which includes document query-likelihood DLM  , the probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S and the interpolation of DLM and PRM-S PRM-D. To our knowledge  , no one has yet tried to incorporate such a thesaurus within the language modeling framework. The model is significantly different from other recently proposed models in that it does not attempt to translate either the query or the documents. Both of these models estimate the probability of relevance of each document to the query. Two well known probabilistic approaches to retrieval are the Robertson and Sparck Jones model 14 and the Croft and Harper model 3 . We start by developing a formal probabilistic model for the utilization of key concepts for information retrieval. In this section we present our model of key concept selection for verbose queries. Probabilistic models have been successfully applied in document ranking  , such as the traditional probabilistic model 23  , 13  , 24 and stochastic language model 21  , 15  , 29 etc. A key task in information retrieval is to rank a collection of documents according to their respective relevance to a user query. The main contribution of our work is a formal probabilistic approach to estimating a relevance model with no training data. The experiments show that with our estimate of the relevance model  , classical probabilistic models of retrieval outperform state-of-the-art heuristic and language modeling approaches. Our first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage of the document is relevant and models individual passages independently. Importantly  , our navigation-aided retrieval model strictly generalizes the conventional probabilistic information retrieval model  , which implicitly assumes no propensity to navigate formal details are provided in Section 3. The model underlying the scoring function assumes the user has a certain propensity to navigate outward from the initial query results  , and that navigation is directed based on the user's search task. In the second model  , which we call the " Direct Retrieval " model  , we take each text query and compute the probability of generating a member of the feature vocabulary. The main techniques used in our runs include medical concept detection  , a vectorspace retrieval model  , a probabilistic retrieval model  , a supervised preference ranking model  , unsupervised dimensionality reduction  , and query expansion. The NECLA team submitted four automatic runs to the 2012 track. The details of these techniques are given in the next section. 39 This last model appears to be computationally difficult  , but further progress may be anticipated in the design and use of probabilistic retrieval models. 37 Some of the probabilistic models described in the literature have recently been compared and unified 38  , and a new  , ultimate probabilistic model has been proposed which makes maximum use of all available information without implicitly making assumptions about any unknown data. The main difference between the TPI model and the RPI model is that the RPI model is suited to different probabilistic indexing models  , whereas the TPI model is an ex~ension of the two-poisson model for multi-term queries. The contribution that each of the top ranked documents makes to this model is directly related to their retrieval score for the initial query. Relevance modeling 14 is a BRF approach to language modeling that uses the top ranked documents to construct a probabilistic model for performing the second retrieval. In this section  , we apply the six constraints defined in the previous section to three specific retrieval formulas  , which respectively represent the vector space model  , the classical probabilistic retrieval model  , and the language modeling approach. df w is the number of documents that contain the term w. |d| is the length of document d. avdl is the average document length. Most of the existing retrieval models assume a " bag-of-words " representation of both documents and queries. Over the decades  , many different retrieval models have been proposed and studied  , including the vector space model 16  , 17  , the classic probabilistic model 7  , 13  , 14 and the language modeling approach 12  , 19. We have presented a new dependence language modeling approach to information retrieval. Our experiments on six standard TREC collections indicate the effectiveness of our dependence model: It outperforms substantially over both the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the state-of-the-art unigram and bigram language models. Coming back to Figure 1  , notice that certain hyperlinks are highlighted i.e. , they have a shaded background. In this paper we present a novel probabilistic information retrieval model and demonstrate its capability to achieve state-of-the-art performance on large standardized text collections. Experimental results indicate that the model is able to achieve performance that is competitive with current state-of-the-art retrieval approaches. The retrieval model integrates term translation probabilities with corpus statistics of query terms and statistics of term occurrences in a document to produce a probability of relevance for the document to the query. A key component of the retrieval model is probabilistic translation from terms in a document to terms in a query. We discussed a model of retrieval that bridges a gap between the classical probabilistic models of information retrieval  , and the emerging language modeling approaches. We highlighted the major difficulty faced by a researcher in classical framework: the need to estimate a relevance model with no training data  , and proposed a novel technique for estimating such models. For relevant task  , a multi-field relevance ranking based on probabilistic retrieval model has been used. The polarity task is to locate blog posts that express an idea either positive or negative about a target. Further  , 7  do the same for query ics which implicitly express a temporal expression e.g. , " brazil world cup " . We then proceed to detail the supervised machine learning technique used for key concept identification and weighting. 3.2.1 Unigram language models: In the language modelling framework  , document ranking is primarily based on the following two steps. However  , it is worth mentioning that the proposed method is generally applicable to any probabilistic retrieval model. Canfora and Cerulo 2 searched for source files through change request descriptions in open source code projects. They use both a probabilistic information retrieval model and vector space models. In this paper the different disambiguation strategies of the Twenty-One system will be evaluated. In this section  , we present an application of the proposed document ranking approach under the language modelling framework. In blog seed retrieval tasks  , we are interested in finding blogs with relevant and recurring interests for given topics . We propose two discriminatively trained probabilistic models that model individual posts as hidden variables. Traditional IR probabilistic models  , such as the binary independence retrieval model 11  , 122 focus on relevance to queries. Our new approach focuses on the data  , the term-document matrix X  , ignoring query-speciic information at present. For example  , the useful inverse document frequency  idf term weighting system. Results from our integrated approach outperformed baseline results and exceeded the top results reported at the TREC forum  , demonstrating the efficacy of our approach. However   , the utilization of relevant information was one of the most important component in Probabilistic retrieval model. Without relevant information  , term weighting function2  , was simplified to IDF-like function. In the probabilistic retrieval model used in this work  , we interpret the weight of a query term to be the frequency of the term being generated in query generation. The expansion terms and the original query terms were re-weighted. Review and Specifications Generation model ReviewSpecGen considers both query-relevance and centrality  , so we use it as another baseline method. We also introduced several probabilistic retrieval methods for the task. Having selected the collections to search  , the retrieval system must also provide techniques for effectively merging the individual ranked lists of documents that are produced. A new probabilistic generative model is proposed for the generation of document content as well as the associated social annotations. This paper presents a framework that combines the modeling of information retrieval on the documents associated with social annotations. Furthermore  , our empirical work suggests that in the case of unambiguous queries for which conventional IR techniques are sufficient  , NAR reduces to standard IR automatically. Antionol et al 3 traced C++ source code onto manual pages and Java code to functional requirements . This is the second year that the IR groups of Tsinghua University participated in TREC Blog Track. In our model  , both single terms and compound dependencies are mathematically modeled as projectors in a vector space  , i.e. In this paper  , we propose a novel retrieval framework for modeling term dependencies based on the probabilistic calculus offered by QT. We further leverage answers to a question to bridge the vocabulary gap between a review and a question. We first employ a probabilistic retrieval model to retrieve candidate questions based on their relevance scores to a review. The robustness of the approach is also studied empirically in this paper. Results show that in most test sets  , LDM outperforms significantly the state-of-the-art LM approaches and the classical probabilistic retrieval model. The basic idea is that there is uncertainty in the prediction of the ranking lists of images based on current visual distances of retrieved images to the query image. For example   , probabilistic models are a common type of model used for IR. or at least make explicit  , these heuristic judgments by developing models of queries and documents that could be used to deduce appropriate retrieval strategies. Conclusions and the contributions of this work are summarized in Section 6. The comparison of our approach to both the probabilistic retrieval models and the previous language models will show that our model achieves substantial and significant improvements. This paper defines a linguistically motivated model of full text information retrieval. In this section we will define the framework that will be used in the subsequent sections to give a probabilistic interpretation of tf×idf term weighting. Other QBSD audition systems 19  , 20  have been developed for annotation and retrieval of sound effects. Our generative multi-class approach outputs a natural ranking of words based on a more interpretable probabilistic model 1. The top ranked m collections are chosen for retrieval . Given a query Q  , the virtual documents VDCi'S are treated as normal documents and are ranked for Q based on a probabilistic model. In this paper  , we proposed a novel probabilistic model for blog opinion retrieval. For future work we plan to investigate the effect of using reference resolution techniques on the performance of the proposed method. Current experiments deal with the following topics: probabilistic retrieval binary independent model  , automatic weighting  , morphological segmentation  , efficiency of thesaurus organization  , association measures reconsidered. This will be published in the near future. For example  , paper D  , " A proximity probabilistic model for information retrieval " mentions both A and B. The two documents are deemed similar to each other as they are co-cited several times. In our hypothetical example  , A has only a handful of citation contexts which we would like to expand to better describe paper A. Figure 4shows the interpolated precision scores obtained with the probabilistic annotation and direct retrieval model. A ranked image was considered relevant if it has the same stem as the query. In this paper  , we propose a probabilistic entity retrieval model that can capture indirect relationships between nodes in the RDF graph. However  , it becomes problematic when URIs are made up of meaningless strings like <./928>  , rather than <./James_Cameron>. The last quantity is the probability that a candidate entity is the related entity given passage   , and query . According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution computed over its contents. Building on prior DIR research we formulate two collection ranking strategies using a unified probabilistic retrieval framework based on language modeling techniques. In the following  , the probabilistic model for distributed IR is experimentally evaluated with respect to the retrieval effectiveness . Shown is also the error plot illustrating the deviation e Ajx   , Ajx for all possible x. RSJ relevance weighting of query terms was proposed in 1976 5 as an alternative term weighting of 2 when relevant information is available. Evaluation is a difficult problem since queries and relevance judgements are not available for this task. The probabilistic annotation model can handle multi-word queries while the direct retrieval approach is limited to 1 word queries at this time. These two probabilistic models for the document retrieval problem grow out of two different ways of interpreting probability of relevance. In Model 2  , probability of relevance is interpreted relative to a subset of document properties. Intermediate results imply that accepted hypotheses have to be revised. A series of experiments on TREC collections is presented in Section 5. The probabilistic retrieval model also relies on an adjustment for document length 3. We find that a slope of 0.25 is 22% better than the values published at 0.75. To perform information retrieval  , a label is also associated with each term in the query. The whole collection can now be viewed as a set of x  , y pairs  , which can be viewed as samples from a probabilistic model. These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. The concepts derived &om the query test by the inference mechanism described in the last section specify important word dependencies . This has been done in a heuristic fashion in the past  , and may have stifled the performance of classical probabilistic approaches. As boolean retrieval is in widespread use in practice  , there are attempts to find a combination with probabilistic ranking procedures. From the above~ it can be concluded that serious problem.s arise when the BIR or the RPI model is applied to rank the output set of a boolean query and the probabilistic parameters are estimated on parts of this output set In classical probabilistic IR models  , such as the binary independence retrieval BIR model 18  , both queries and documents are represented as a set of terms that are assumed to be statistically independent. There has been a large amount of work dealing with term dependencies in both the probabilistic IR framework and the language modeling framework. In this paper  , we have proposed a novel probabilistic framework for formally modeling the evidence of individual passages in a document. We demonstrated that our dependence model is applicable in the information retrieval system by 1 learning the linkage efficiently in an unsupervised manner; and 2 smoothing the model with different smoothing techniques. This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . Thus we test one retrieval model belonging to this category. These models were derived within many variations extended Boolean models  , models based on fuzzy sets theory  , generalized vector space model ,. It is more flexible then the BU model  , because it works with two concepts: 'correctneu' aa a basis of the underlying indexing model  , and 'relevance' for ·the retrieval parameters. For the RPI model  , which has been proposed in this paper  , it baa been shown that this model is suited to different kinds of probabilistic indexing. Since the first model estimates the probability of relevance for each passage independently  , the model is called the independent passage model. Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semistructured Data PRMS 14  is a unigram bag-ofwords model for ad-hoc structured document retrieval that learns a simple statistical relationship between the intended mapping of terms in free-text queries and their frequency in different document fields. mapping " Europe " and " Olympic games " to the entity names field is likely to substantially degrade the accuracy of retrieval results for this query. Unlike some traditional phrase discovery methods  , the TNG model provides a systematic way to model topical phrases and can be seamlessly integrated with many probabilistic frameworks for various tasks such as phrase discovery   , ad-hoc retrieval  , machine translation  , speech recognition and statistical parsing. We also demonstrate how TNG can help improve retrieval performance in standard ad-hoc retrieval tasks on TREC collections over its two special-case n-gram based topic models. We proposed several methods to solve this problem  , including summarization-based methods such as MEAD and MEAD-SIM and probabilistic retrieval methods such as Specifications Generation model  , Review and Specifications Generation model  , and Translation model. Relevant review sentences for new or unpopular products can be very useful for consumers who seek for relevant opinions   , but no previous work has addressed this novel problem . In general   , these approaches can be characterized as methods of estimating the probability of relevance of documents to user queries. To the former we owe the concept of a relevance model: a language model representative of a class of relevant documents. There are two directions of information retrieval research that provide a theoretical foundation for our model: the now classic work on probabilistic models of relevance  , and the recent developments in language modeling techniques for IR. In a very recent work 4  , the author proposed a topic dependent method for sentiment retrieval  , which assumed that a sentence was generated from a probabilistic model consisting of both a topic language model and a sentiment language model. Engström studied how the topic dependence influences the accuracy of sentiment classification and tried to reduce this de- pendence 5. An important advantage of introducing a language model for each position is that it can allow us to model the " best-matching position " in a document with probabilistic models  , thus supporting " soft " passage retrieval naturally. This is in contrast with virtually all the existing work in which a document language model is generally defined for the entire document. The retrieval function is: This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . A second sense of the word 'model' is the probabilistic sense where it refers to an explanatory model of the data. The best example of this is the vector space model which allows one to talk about the task of retrieval apart from implementation details such as storage media  , and data structures 15. The TPI model makes more use of the specific assumption of the indexing model  , 80 that for any other indexing model a new retrieval model would have to be developed. But in order to consider the special nature of annotations for retrieval  , we proposed POLAR Probabilistic Object-oriented Logics for Annotation-based Retrieval as a framework for annotation-based document retrieval and discussion search 8 . 321–332  , 2007. c Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2007While classical retrieval tools enable us to search for documents as an atomic unit without any context  , systems like POOL 14  are able to model and exploit the document structure and nested documents. A model of randomness is derived by a suitable interpretation of the probabilistic urn models of Types I and II 4 i n to the context of Information Retrieval. We p r o vide diierent basic models which deenes such a n o t i o n o f randomness in the context of Information Retrieval. Since our focus is on type prediction   , we employ retrieval models used in the recent work by Kim et al. We suggested why classical models with their explicit notion of relevance may potentially be more attractive than models that limit queries to being a sample of text. for the distribution of visual features given the semantic class. The database centric probabilistic retrieval model is compared to existing semantic labeling and retrieval methods  , and shown to achieve higher accuracy than the previously best published results  , at a fraction of their computational cost.  published search reports can be used to learn to rank and provide significant retrieval improvements ? ing e.g. , IR theory  , language models   , probabilistic retrieval models  , feature-based models  , learning to rank  , combining searches  , diversity  the most popular model among patent searchers is boolean  , because it provides clear evidence as to why a document was in the retrieved list or not ? In information retrieval there are three basic models which are respectively formulated with the Boolean  , vector  , and probabilistic concepts. One can  , therefore  , raise the same objection to this assumption on the atomic vectors although it has been demonstrated that atomic vectors are indeed pairwise orthogonal in the strict Boolean retrieval model3 ,4. Two retrieval runs were submitted: one consisting of the title and description sections only T+D and the other consisting of all three title  , description  , and narrative sections T+D+N. We show examples of extracted phrases and more interpretable topics on the NIPS data  , and in a text mining application  , we present better information retrieval performance on an ad-hoc retrieval task over a TREC collection. Thus  , TNG is not only a topic model that uses phrases  , but also help linguists discover meaningful phrases in right context  , in a completely probabilistic manner. The 2006 legal track provides an uniform simulation of legal text requests in real litigation  , which allows IR researchers to evaluate their retrieval systems in the legal domain. In some cases  , our structured queries even attain a better retrieval performance than the title queries on the same topic. We propose a formal probabilistic model for incorporating query and key concepts information into a single structured query  , and show that using these structured queries results in a statistically significant improvement in retrieval performance over using the original description queries on all tested corpora. As described in Section 3  , the frequency is used as an exponent in the retrieval function. Among many variants of language models proposed  , the most popular and fundamental one is the query-generation language model 21  , 13  , which leads to the query-likelihood scoring method for ranking documents. As a new type of probabilistic retrieval models  , language models have been shown to be effective for many retrieval tasks 21  , 28  , 14  , 4 . One of the important properties of the database centric probabilistic retrieval formulation is that  , due to the simplicity of the retrieval model  , it enables the implementation of sophisticated parameter optimization procedures. This implies that there is no need to introduce very sophisticated word probability models: word probabilities only influence the classification through the class prior One major goal of us is to evaluate the effect of a probabilistic retrieval model on the legal domain. The vector space model as well as probabilistic information retrieval PIR models 4  , 28  , 29 and statistical language models 14 are very successful in practice. Extracting ranking functions has been extensively investigated in areas outside database research such as Information Retrieval. In the probabilistic retrieval model 2  , for instance  , it is assumed that indexing is not perfect in the sense that there exists relevant and nonrelevant documents with the same description. In other retrieval models  , the concept of ranking for more than two ranks can be similarly interpreted as a preference relation. Blog post opinion retrieval is the problem of finding blog posts that express opinion about a given query topic. Our contributions are:  Presenting a novel probabilistic opinion retrieval model that is based on proximity between opinion lexicons and query terms. The effectiveness of this design strategy will be demonstrated on the task of ad hoc retrieval on six English and Chinese TREC test sets. Our approach provides a conceptually simple but explanatory model of re- trieval. In order to relax these assumptions and to avoid the difficulties imposed by separate indexing and retrieval models  , we have developed an approach to retrieval based on probabilistic language modeling. Thus  , our method demonstrates an interesting meld of discriminative and generative models for IR. When integrated in LDM  , they achieve significant improvements over state-of-the-art language models and the classical probabilistic retrieval model on the task of ad hoc retrieval on six English and Chinese TREC test sets. This system is based on a supervised multi-class labeling SML probabilistic model 1  , which has shown good performance on the task of image retrieval. Our second contribution is showing that the CAL500 data set contains useful information which can be used to train a QBSD music retrieval system. The dependencies derived automatically from Boolean queries show only a small improvement in retrieval effectiveness. All these experiments have like ours  , been done on the CACM document collection and the dependencies derived from queries were then used in a probabilistic model for retrieval. Traditional probabilistic relevance frameworks for informational retrieval 30  refrain from taking positional information into account  , both because of the hurdles of developing a sound model while avoiding an explosion in the number of parameters and because positional information has been shown somehow surprisingly to have little effect on aver- age 34 . Approaches derived from the probabilistic retrieval model are implemented as a summation of " weights " of the query terms that appear in the document  , where the weight is essentially a normalized version of term frequency. For example  , given the fundamentally different from these efforts is the importance given to word distributions: while the previous approaches aim to create joint models for words and visual features some even aim to provide a translation between the two modalities 7  , database centric probabilistic retrieval aims for the much simpler goal of estimating the visual feature distributions associated with each word. The model assumes that the relevance relationship between a document and a user's query cannot be determined with certainty. Wong and Yao's probabilistic retrieval model is based on an epistemological view of probability for which probabilities are regarded as degrees of belief  , and may not be necessarily learned from statistical data. For many of the past TREC experiments  , our system has been demonstrated to provide superior effectiveness  , and last year it was observed that PIRCS is one of few automatic systems that provides many unique relevant documents in the judgment pool VoHa98. Thus  , our PIRCS system may also be viewed as a combination of the probabilistic retrieval model and a simple language model. We design the model based on the assumption that the descriptions of an entity exist at any literal node that can be reached from the resource entity node by following the paths in the graph. The two main differences are that we do not make distributional assumptions and we do not not distinguish a subset of specialty words or assume a preexisting classification of documents into elite and non-elite sets. It has been observed that in general the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the unigram language model approach perform very similarly if both have been fine-tuned. Over all six TREC collections  , UG achieves the performance similar to  , or slightly worse than  , that of BM. The retrieval model scores documents based on the relative change in the document likelihoods   , expressed as the ratio of the conditional probability of the document given the query and the prior probability of the document before the query is specified. Cooper's paper on modeling assumptions for the classical probabilistic retrieval model 2. It seems tempting to make the assumption that terms are also independent if they are not conditioned on a document D. This will however lead to an inconsistency of the model see e.g. For page retrieval  , these annotation probability distributions are averaged over all images that occur in a page  , thus creating a language model of the page. First we collected a When the probabilistic annotation model is used  , each word image in the testing set is annotated with every term in the annotation vocabulary and a corresponding probability. Language modeling approaches apply query expansion to incorporate information from Lafferty and Zhai 7 have demonstrated the probability equivalence of the language model to the probabilistic retrieval model under some very strong assumptions  , which may or may not hold in practice. Over all six TREC test sets  , UGM achieves the performance similar to  , or slightly worse than  , that of BIR. While tbe power of this model yields strong retrieval effectiveness  , the structured queries supported by the model present a challenge when considering optimization techniques. Evidence from a variety of sources may be combined using smrctured queries to produce a final probabilistic belief m the relevance of a given document. Antoniol  , Canfora  , Casazza  , DeLucia  , and Merlo 3 used the vector space model and a probabilistic model to recover traceability from source code modules to man pages and functional requirements. Much work has been accomplished in applying information retrieval techniques to the candidate link generation problem. We chose PIR models because we could extend them to model data dependencies and correlations the critical ingredients of our approach in a more principled manner than if we had worked with alternate IR ranking models such as the Vector-Space model. To achieve this  , we develop ranking functions that are based on Probabilistic Information Retrieval PIR ranking models. In the use of language modeling by Ponte and Croft 17  , a unigram language model is estimated for each document  , and the likelihood of the query according to this model is used to score the document for ranking. The language modeling approach to information retrieval has recently been proposed as a new alternative to traditional vector space models and other probabilistic models. The probability that a query T 1   , T 2   , · · ·   , T n of length n is generated by the language model of the document with identifier D is defined by the following equation: We currently concentrate on system design and integration. Research on disambiguating senses of the translated queries and distributing the weighting for each translation candidate in a vector space model or a probabilistic retrieval model 3 will be the primary focus in the second phase of the MUST project. This paper will demonstrate that these advantages translate directly into improved retrieval performance for the routing problem. In contrast  , query expansion uses a limited probabilistic model that assumes independence between features and the model parameters are often fit in a heuristic manner based on term frequency information from the corpus. It is a probabilistic model that considers documents as binary vectors and ranks them in order of their probability of relevance given a query according to the Probability Ranking Principle 2. The Binary Independence Model BIM has been one of the most influential models in the history of Information Retrieval 3 . The main feature of the PRM-S model is that weights for combining field-level scores are estimated based on the predicted mapping between query terms and document fields  , which can be efficiently computed based on collection term statistics. In this section  , we propose a non-parametric probabilistic model to measure context-based and overall relevance between a manuscript and a candidate citation  , for ranking retrieved candidates. Our model is general and simple so that it can be used to efficiently and effectively measure the similarity between any two documents with respect to certain contexts or concepts in information retrieval. This work is also closely related to the retrieval models that capture higher order dependencies of query terms. We believe this is because our system is unique among participants in that it is a combination of two different models. The proposed model is guided by the principle that given the normalized frequency of a term in a document   , the score is proportional to the likelihood that the normalized tf is maximum with respect to its distribution in the elite set for the corresponding term. The PLM at a position of a document would be estimated based on the propagated word counts from the words at all other positions in the document. Lafferty and Zhai 7 have demonstrated the probability equivalence of the language model to the probabilistic retrieval model under some very strong assumptions  , which may or may not hold in practice. This gap has occasioned effort to relate these two models 7  , 8. Next  , we improve on it by employing a probabilistic generative model for documents  , queries and query terms  , and obtain our best results using a variant of the model that incorporates a simple randomwalk modification. Our initial approach is motivated by heuristic methods used in traditional vector-space information retrieval. This paper focuses on whether the use of context information can enhance retrieval effectiveness in retrospective experiments that use the statistics of relevance information similar to the w4 term weight 1  , the ratio of relevance odds and irrelevance odds. The term weight is calculated by multiplying probabilities similar to the well-known probabilistic models i.e. , binary independence model 1 and language model e.g. , 2. This paper discusses an approach to the incorporation of new variables into traditional probabilistic models for information retrieval  , and some experimental results relating thereto. The formal model which is used to investigate the effects of these variables is the 2–Poisson model Harter 5  , Robertson  , van Rijsbergen and Porter 6. MUST currently uses all the possible translations for each content word and performs no weight adjustment. However  , as any retrieval system has a restricted knowledge about a request  , the notation /A: used in the probabilistic formulas below does not relate to a single request  , it stands for a set of requests about which the system has the same knowledge. In contrast ~o the BIT model  , the RPI model is able to distinguish between different requests using the same query formulation. If Model 3 constitutes a valid schema for this kind of a search situation  , we see that it should be applicable not only to the document retrieval problem but for other kinds of search and retrieval situations as well. Now the function of a probabilistic search and retrieval system is to combine those and other estimates and to predict  , for each item  , the probability that it would be one of the items wanted by the patron in question. These dependent term groups were then used to modify the rankings of documents retrieved by a probabilistic retrieval  , as was done in CROVS6a. We produced by hand REST representations of a set of queries from the CACM collection  , and then automatically generated for each query subsets of terms that the REST representation indicated were related conceptually  , and which thus should be considered mutually dependent in a probabilistic model. Among the applications for a probabilistic model are i accurate search and retrieval from Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Probabilistic models for document corpora are a central concern for IR researchers. Our performance experiments demonstrate the efficiency and practical viability of TopX for ranked retrieval of XML data. Table 4: TopX runs with probabilistic pruning for various at k = 10 a number of novel features: carefully designed  , precomputed index tables and a cost-model for scheduling that helps avoiding or postponing random accesses; a highly tuned method for index scans and priority queue management; and probabilistic score predictors for early candidate pruning. In information retrieval domain  , systems are founded on three basic ones models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model which were derived within many variations extended Boolean models  , models based on fuzzy sets theory  , generalized vector space model ,. So some works defined models that attempt to directly score the documents by taking into account the proximity of the query terms within them. Basically  , a model of Type I is a model where balls tokens are randomly extracted from an urn  , whilst in Type II models balls are randomly extracted from an urn belonging to a collection of urns documents. In 1976 Robertson and Sparck Jones proposed a second probabilistic model which we shall refer to as Model 2 for the document retrieval problem. Therefore  , according to Model 2  , the function of a document re-trieval system is to compute for each patron the probability that he will judge a document having the properties that he sought relevant; and then to rank the output ac- cordingly. To evaluate relevance of retrieved opinion sentences in the situation where humanlabeled judgments are not available  , we measured the proximity between the retrieved text and the actual reviews of a query product. 5 Model 2 interprets the information seeking situation in the usual way as follows: The documents in the collection have a wide variety of different properties; semantic properties of aboutness  , linguistic properties concerning words that occur in their titles or text  , contextual properties concerning who are their authors  , where they were published   , what they cited  , etc. Finally  , we demonstrate the benefits of simply establishing a one-to-one mapping between keywords and the states of the semantic classification problem over the more complex  , and currently popular  , joint modeling of keyword and visual feature distributions. However  , diaeerent research communities have associated diaeerent partially incompatiblee interpretations with the values returned from such score functions   , such astThe fuzzy set interpretation ë2  , 8ë  , the spatial interpretation originally used in text databases  , the metric interpetation ë9ë  , or the probabilistic interpretation underlying advanced information retrieval systems ë10ë. It is therefore common practice in information retrieval and multimedia databases to use numeric scores in the interval ë0 ,1ë to model user interests ë6  , 5  , 7ë. The classical probabilistic retrieval model 16  , 13  of information retrieval has received recognition for being theoreti- Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Language modeling approaches apply query expansion to incorporate information from Recently  , though  , it has been proved that considering sequences of terms that form query concepts is beneficial for retrieval 6. Next  , we use the highest-ranked concepts for each query to improve the retrieval effectiveness of the verbose queries on several standard TREC newswire and web collections. Following 21  , we define a theme as follows: Definition 1 Theme A theme in a text collection C is a probabilistic distribution of words characterizing a semantically coherent topic or subtopic. In information retrieval and text mining  , it is quite common to use a word distribution to model topics  , subtopics  , or themes in text3  , 12  , 1  , 21. According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution  , which is estimated from all sampled documents. Building on prior research in federated search  , we formulate two collection ranking strategies using a probabilistic retrieval framework based on language modeling techniques. The framework is very general and expressive  , and by choosing specific models and loss functions it is possible to recover many previously developed frameworks. In this framework we assume a probabilistic model for the parameters of document and query language models  , and cast the retrieval problem in terms of risk minimization. We focused on the problem of opinion topic relatedness and we showed that using proximity information of opinionated terms to query terms is a good indicator of opinion and query-relatedness. In Bau99  , the procedure for estimating the addends in equation 2 is exemplarily shown for the mentioned BIR as well as the retrieval-with-probabilistic-indexing RPI model Fuh92. The fact that D i -and D-wide statistical information is employed allows us to assign individual indexing vocabularies j and to the diierent Dj and to D  , respec- tively. In fact  , most of the known non-distributed probabilistic retrieval models propose a RSV computation that is based on an accumulation over all query features. The RPI model exemplarily used in this paper further transforms the addend into a sum over all query features and then estimate values for the resulting feature-related addends; compare equation 3. We first utilize a probabilistic retrieval model to select a smaller set of candidate questions that are relevant to a given review from a large pool of questions crawled from the CQA website. With the dual goal of relevancy and diversity  , we design a two-stage framework to find a set of questions that can be used to summarize a review. The last quantity í µí±í µí±|í µí±  , í µí±¡  , í µí±   , í µí± is the probability that a candidate entity í µí± is the related entity given passage í µí±   , type t and query í µí±. common search strategies involve different features inventors  , owners  , classes  , references  , whose weights need to be balanced ? The strategy developed from the probabilistic model by Croft CROFS1 ,CROF86a 1 can make use of information about the relative importance of terms and about dependencies between terms. Given a REST representation of a request  , it is relatively straightforward to generate information for a statistical retrieval strategy . Figure 2 shows the recallprecision curves for the results of executing 19 queries with the two retrieval mechanisms LSA and probabilistic model supported in CodeBroker. Recall is the proportion of relevant material actually retrieved in answers to a query; and precision is the proportion of retrieved material that is actually relevant. In this paper we: i present a general probabilistic model for incorporating information about key concepts into the base query  , ii develop a supervised machine learning technique for key concept identification and weighting  , and iii empirically demonstrate that our technique can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness for verbose queries. Indeed  , when comparing the effectiveness of the retrieval using either <title> or <desc> query types  , we note that <title> queries consistently perform better on a variety of TREC collections see Table 1. For information retrieval  , query prefetching typically assumes a probabilistic model  , e.g. , considering temporal features 6. In computer architecture design  , prefetching is usually employed to request instructions that are anticipated to be executed in the future and place them in the CPU cache. Our model integrates information produced by some standard fusion method  , which relies on retrieval scores ranks of documents in the lists  , with that induced from clusters that are created from similar documents across the lists. Accordingly  , we present a novel probabilistic approach to fusion that lets similar documents across the lists provide relevance-status support to each other. In this section  , we analyze the probabilistic retrieval model based on the multinomial distribution to shed some light on the intuition of using the DCM distribution. The probability of document d l generated by relevant class is defined as the multinomial distribution: With such a probabilistic model  , we can then select those segmentations with high probabilities and use them to construct models for information retrieval. Because query segmentation is potentially ambiguous  , we are interested in assessing the probability of a query segmentation under some probability distribution: P S|θ. Each model ranks candidates according to the probability of the candidate being an expert given the query topic  , but the models differ in how this is performed. Our models are based on probabilistic language modeling techniques which have been successfully applied in other Information Retrieval IR tasks. We chose probabilistic structured queries PSQ as our CLIR baseline because among vector space techniques for CLIR it presently yields the best retrieval effectiveness. A major motivation for us to develop the cross-language meaning matching model is to improve CLIR effectiveness over a strong CLIR baseline. With the mapping probabilities estimated as described above  , the probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S can use these as weights for combining the scores from each field PQLw|fj into a document score  , as follows: Also  , PM Fj denotes the prior probability of field Fj mapped into any query term before observing collection statistics. He proposed to extract temporal expressions from news  , index news articles together with temporal expressions   , and retrieve future information composed of text and future dates by using a probabilistic model. The future retrieval problem was first presented by Baeza- Yates 3. In particular  , we hope to develop and test a model  , within the framework of the probabilistic theory of document retrieval  , which makes optimum use of within-document frequencies in searching. One of the main objects of the project is to bring together these two strands of work on indexing and searching. Progress towards this end  , both theoretical and experimental  , is described in this chapter. The language modeling approach to information retrieval represents queries and documents as probabilistic models 1. While this is an ad-hoc method to determine the probabilities of a query model  , it does allow for the ICF to be partially separated from document smoothing. Researchers explicitly attempted to model word occurrences in relevant and nonrelevant classes of documents  , and used their models to classify the document into the more likely class. Earlier work on probabilistic models of information retrieval 19  , 18  , 17  , 22  took a conceptually different approach. In 1  , the authors recommend citations to users based on the similarity between a candidate publication's in-link citation contexts and a user's input texts. Using the notion of the context  , we can develop a probabilistic context-based retrieval model 2. Strictly speaking  , the context of a query term q i ,k occurred at the k-th location of the i-th document is the terms surrounding and including q i ,k . For example  , for the query " bank of america online banking "   , {banking  , 0.001} are all valid segmentations  , where brackets   are used to indicate segment boundaries and the number at the end is the probability of that particular segmentation. The initial thresholds are set to a large multiple of the probability of selecting the query from a random document. They use a probabilistic retrieval model which assumes that the user generates the query from an ideal internal representation of a relevant document. The basic system we used for SK retrieval in TREC-8 is similar to that presented at TREC-7 11   , but the final system also contains several new devices. A new technique called Parallel Collection Frequency Weighting PCFW is also presented along with an implementation of document expansion using the parallel corpus within the framework of the Probabilistic Model. Figure 5shows the interpolated precision scores for the top 20 retrieved page images using 1-word queries. Assuming the metric is an accurate reflection of result quality for the given application  , our approach argues that optimizing the metric will guide the system towards desired results. In general  , our work indicates the potential value of " teaching to the test " —choosing  , as the objective function to be optimized in the probabilistic model  , the metric used to evaluate the information retrieval system. Unlike most existing combination strategies   , ours makes use of some knowledge of the average performance of the constituent systems. We propose a new  , probabilistic model for combining the ranked lists of documents obtained by any number of query retrieval systems in response to a given query. In this section we give a brief survey of several developments in both of these directions   , highlighting interesting connections between the two. With respect to representations  , two research directions can be taken in order to relax the independence assumption 9  , 16. The use of these two weights is equivalent to the tf.idf model SALT83b ,CROF84 which is regarded as one of the best statistical search strategies. To test the effectiveness of these various methods we used them in combination with a probabilistic retrieval incorporating inverse document frequency and within document frequency weights. We calculate the log-odds ratio of the probabilities of relevant and irrelevant given a particular context and assign the value to the query term weight. Estimating £ ¤ § © in a typical retrieval environment is difficult because we have no training data: we are given a query  , a large collection of documents and no indication of which documents might be relevant. One of the main obstacles to effective performance of the classical probabilistic models has been precisely the challenge of estimating the relevance model. The language mod¾ However  , the motivation to extend the original probabilistic model 28 with within-document term frequency and document length normalisation was probably based on empirical observations. Prior knowledge can be used in a standard way in the language modelling approach to information retrieval. Our aim is to see how much improvement can be achieved using proximity information alone without the need for query-specific opinion-lexicon. The standard probabilistic retrieval model uses three basic parameters  Swanson  , 1974  , 1975: In particular  , instead of considering only the overall frequency characteristics of the terms  , one is interested in the term-occurrence properties in both the relevant and the nonrelevant items with respect to some query. The probabilistic model described in the following may be considered to be a proposal for such a framework. To our knowledge  , no theoretically well founded framework for distributed retrieval is known so far that integrates acceptable non-heuristic solutions to the two problems. In this study  , we further extend the previous utilizations of query logs to tackle the contextual retrieval problems. 6 also pointed out that there is a big gap between term usages of queries and documents and a probabilistic model built through log mining could effectively bridge the gap. have been automatically extra.cted from Boolean queries  , and also where dependencies have been extracted from phrases derived from natural language queries by the user. Those better models would hopefully yield better performance. We have proposed a probabilistic model for combining the outputs of an arbitrary number of query retrieval systems. A more sophisticated evaluation of Equation 1 which accounts for this dependence will almost certainly yield improvements in our strategy  , and we are currently pursuing just such an improvement. In this section  , we describe probFuse  , a probabilistic approach to data fusion. In a training set of Q queries  , P d k |m  , the probability that a document d returned in segment k is relevant  , given that it has been returned by retrieval model m  , is given by: However  , to the best of our knowledge  , there have been no attempts to prefetch RDF data based on the structure of sequential related Sparql queries within and across query sessions. We created a half of the queries  , and collected the other half from empirical experiments and frequently asked questions in Java-related newsgroups. In this work we use the Jelinek–Mercer method for smoothing instead of the Good Turing approach used by Song. Being able to provide specific answers is only possible from models supporting LMU only conditionally  , as for example the vector space models with trained parameters or probabilistic models do 7. A naive vector space model based on simple overlap supports both left and right monotonic union 4  and cannot lead to the retrieval of highly specific answers. The central issue of statistical machine translation is to construct a probabilistic model between the spaces of two languages 4. Many problems in machine translation  , information retrieval  , text classification can be modeled as one based on the relation between two spaces. In information retrieval  , many statistical methods 3 8 9 have been proposed for effectively finding the relationship between terms in the space of user queries and those in the space of documents. Note that all evaluations are performed using interpolated scores at ranks 1 to 20  , averaged over all queries. Figure 4shows that this yields a much better ordering than the original probabilistic annotation  , even better than the direct retrieval model for high ranks. This serves as a measure of closeness between the retrieved images and the training examples for the given query. To tackle these challenges  , we develop a two-stage framework to achieve the goal of retrieving a set of non-redundant questions to represent a product review. In this paper we presented a robust probabilistic model for query by melody. We believe that by combining highly accurate genre classification with a robust retrieval and alignment we will be able to provide an effective tool for searching and browsing for both professionals and amateurs. We explored development of a distributed multidimensional indexing model to enable efficient search and aggregation of entities and terms at multiple levels of document context and distributed across a cloud computing cluster. We have shown here that at least as far as the current state of the art with respect to Boolean operators is concerned  , a probabilistic theory of information retrieval can be equally beneficial in this regard. The definition of the pnonn operators is an excellent example of how a mathematical model  , in this case the vector space model  , can guide the researcher toward the development of fruitful ideas. The classic probabilistic model of information retrieval the RSJ model 18 takes the query-oriented view or need-oriented view  , assuming a given information need and choosing the query representation in order to select relevant documents. The two different document-oriented and query-oriented views on how to assign a probability of relevance of a document to a user need have resulted in several different types of practical mod- els 17 . This ranking function includes a probability called the term significunce weight that can estimated by nor- malizing the within document frequency for a term in a particular document. The way this information can be used is best described using the probabilistic model of retrieval  , although the same information has been used effectively in systems based on the vector space model Salton and McGill  , 1983; Salton  , 1986; Fagan  , 1987  , 1981  , 1983. Representative examples include the Probabilistic Indexing model that studies how likely a query term is assigned to a relevant document 17  , the RSJ model that derives a scoring function on the basis of the log-ratio of probability of relevance 20  , to name just a few. In Information Retrieval Modelling  , the main efforts have been devoted to  , for a specific information need query  , automatically scoring individual documents with respect to their relevance states. To the best of our knowledge  , our paper presents the very first application of all three n-gram based topic models on Gigabyte collections  , and a novel way to integrate n-gram based topic models into the language modeling framework for information retrieval tasks. All Permission to copy without ~ee all or part o~ this material is granted provided th;ot the copyright notice a~ the "Organization o~ the 1~86-ACM Con~erence an Research and Development in Information Retrieval~ and the title o~ the publication and it~ date appear. But this model has never been investigated in experiments  , because of the problem of estimating the required probabilistic parameten. In the next section  , we address these concerns by taking a more principled approach to set-based information retrieval via maximum a posteriori probabilistic inference in a latent variable graphical model of marginal relevance PLMMR. Furthermore  , MMR is agnostic to the specific similarity metrics used  , which indeed allows for flexibility  , but makes no indication as to the choice of similarity metrics for Sim1 and Sim2 that are compatible with each other and also appropriate for good performance. ln the experiments reported in this paper we have also incremented document scores by some factor but the differences between our experiment and Croft's work are the methods used for identifying dependencies from queries  , and the fact that syntactic information from document texts sentence a.nd phrase boundaries is used in our work. While the inherent benefits of longer training times and better model estimates are now fairly well understood  , it has one additional advantage over query centric retrieval that does not appear to be widely appreciated. The precise probabilistic formulation was eventually formalized in 5  , 27 and appears to have been rediscovered by the IR community at large  , through the language modeling work of Ponte and Croft 19  , a few years later. These methods should be considered with respect to their applicability in the field of information retrieval  , especially those that are based on a probabilistic model: they have a well-founded thm retical background and can be shown to be optimum with respect to certain reasonable restrictions. In the areas of pattern recognition and of machine learning  , a number of sophisticated procedures for classifying complex objects have been developed . To copy otherwise  , to republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. Despite this progress in the development of formal retrieval models  , good empirical performance rarely comes directly from a theoretically well-motivated model; rather  , Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Many different retrieval models have been proposed and tested  , including vector space models 13  , 12  , 10   , probabilistic models7  , 16  , 15  , 3  , 6  , 5  , and logic-based models17  , 19  , 2. The actual definition of the term significance weight is Pt; = liD  , which is the probability that term i is assigned to document representative D. For term i in document j  , the term significance weight is referred to by s;j and the resulting ranking function is For systems with great variability in the lengths of its documents   , it would be more realistic to assume that for fixed j  , X is proportional to the length of document k. Assumption b seems to hold  , but sometimes the documents are ordered by topics  , and then adjacent documents often treat the same subject  , so that X and X~ may be positively correlated if Ik -gl is small. For certain full-text retrieval systems  , the ideal probabilistic model assumed in the Theorem is not always appropriate. Our goal in the design of the PIA model and system was to allow a maximum freedom in the formulation and combination of predicates while still preserving a minimum semantic consensus necessary to build a meaningful user interface  , an eaecient query evaluator  , user proaele manager  , persistence manager etc. Defining the I-space and a continuous mapping from I-space onto W-space. A mapping from capability space to resource space expresses the fidelity profiles of available applications. A mapping from capability space to utility space expresses the user's needs and preferences. As described by Heck- bert Hec86   , the traditional graphical texturing problem comprises mapping a defined texture from some convenient space called the texture-space   , to the screen-space. Texture generation and mapping has received considerable attention in graphics. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Example. Let R be the orientation mapping from the surface-space to the world-space The object's surface-space can thus be mapped to world-space. This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. T ?iEW.flT J  , . For homogeneous robots  , it is the mapping From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. We call this new space the reduced information space and the mapping from the information space onto it the aggregation map. Among the many possible ways of choosing a partition   , one solution is to choose a particular function mapping the information space onto a smaller tractable space. The radial distance between the camera and target  , as measured along the optical axis  , factors into this mapping. Tracking by camera pan requires mapping pixel positions in the image space to target bearing angles in the task space. This fixed mapping gives more flexibility to the k-mer feature space  , but only increases the size of the feature space by a constant factor of 2. Thus  , the fixed 3  , 1 wildcard mapping of abc is {abc  , a*c}. The tangential space mapping where V s 7 is tlie gradient function for 7. and Veep is tlie tangential space mapping of the kinematic function' . because it is com- Differentiating tlie where D denotes the differential operator. the arm is in constant contact with the obstacle . Mapping transforms the problem of hashing keys into a different problem  , in a different space. The overall Mapping- Ordering-Searching MOS scheme is illustrated in Figure   2. Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. Stage 1. The directory space. , id-r for some mapping function G. yet to be defined. Reverse mapping is indicated by dotted arrows  , where the mapping of force flows in the opposite direction as velocity. The " directions " of these matrices show the forward mapping of velocity from one space to another. The mapping can include time variant contact conditions and also timely past and/or future steps during manipulation. The skill mapping SM gives the relation between the desired object trajectory This skill mapping SM maps from the 6-dimensional object position and orientation space to the 3n- dimensional contact point space. The texture properties are defined relative to an object's surface. Let R be the orientation mapping from the surface-space to the world-space The relationship between the topic space and the term space cannot be shown by a simple expression. The mapping is given by the matrix shown in equation 5. Of course  , this mapping concurs with inaccuracy. Similar patterns in the input space lie in a geographical near position in the output space. It admits infinite number of joint-space solutions for a given task-space trajectory. For a kinematically redundant system  , the mapping between task-space trajectory and the join-space trajectory is not unique. the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. A key component of this measure. J is the Jacobian matrix of linkage kinematics in leg space. These parameters are used to derive a mapping from each camera's image space to the occupancy map space. and is described by the following equations: v  , = v&+ B; denotes the stiffness mapping matrix relating the operational space to the fingertip space. In 2  , Koo and K ,  , denote the independent stiffness elements of the operational space and the fingertip space  , respectively. There is a continuous many-to-one mapping from I-space t o W-space determined by the forward kinematics of the arm. For any point in I-space  , there is a unique corresponding arm endpoint position in W-space. A singular value decomposition of this mapping provides the six-dimensional resolvabilify measure  , which can be interpreted as the system's ability to resolve task space positions and orientations on the sensor's image plane. The object centered Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space is an essential component of the sensor placement measure . The key idea in mapping to a higher space is that  , in a sufficiently high dimension  , data from two categories can always be separated by a hyper-plane. The mapping is done through kernel functions that allow us to operate in the input feature-space while providing us the ability to compute inner products in the kernel space. The mapping  , termed the planar kinematic mapping in Bottema and Roth 1979  , is a special case of dual quaternion representation of object position in a three dimensional space. The Image Space is a three dimensional projective space with four homogeneous coordinates . For the defined model the phase space is 6-dimensional. So the mapping Eunction is 5-dimensional. It requires  , first  , mapping a world description into a configuration space  , i.e. , generating the configuration space obstacles Lozano-Perez 811. The configuration space approach  , for example  , is computationally very expensive. In the case of our mobile robot we chose four particular variables for the reduced information vector. This kernel trick makes the computation of dot product in feature space available without ever explicitly knowing the mapping. 10. The Hilbert curve is a continuous fractal which maps each region of the space to an integer. We employ two well-known space-mapping techniques: the Hilbert space-filling curve 15 and iDistance 23. As a result  , collision checking is also performed directly in the work space. The robot links and obstacles are represented directly in the work space  , thus avoiding the complex mapping of obstacles onto the C-space. Although the mapping is diffeomorphic  , the transformed path to the joint space possibly does not coincide with the optimal path in the joint space. Suppose that one path is planned in z space by a certain optimization scheme. This slicing was developed in 6 for use in teleoperation of robot arm manipulators. To alleviate this problem  , we propose a second mapping which transforms the 3D C-space into a discontinuous 2D space of " sliced " C-space obstacles. Available resource levels are provided by the system  , and constrain the configuration space to a feasible region. The resulting dynamical model is described by fewer equations in the u-space. The redundancy allows one to obtain a low-order model for the manipulator dynamics by mapping the joint velocity q- space to a pseudovelocity U- space. First  , a conventional automobile is underactuated non-holonomic  , so the mapping from C-space to action space is under-determined . An action space approach is attractive for the purposes of cross-country navigation for several reasons. But unlike the mapping on a basis  , a mapping to a dictionary does not allow the reconstruction of the data element. Similar to the mapping on a basis the mapping on a dictionary takes as input a data space element and outputs a coordinate vector. Experiments in 1  , 5 show that the LegoDB mapping engine is very effective in practice and can lead to reductions of over 50% in the running times of queries as compared to previous mapping techniques. LegoDB is a cost-based XML storage mapping engine that automatically explores a space of possible XML-torelational mappings and selects the best mapping for a given application. We have proved that the forbidden region of an obstacle can be computed only by mapping the boundary of the obstacle using the derived mapping function. A mapping function has been derived for mapping the obstacles into their corresponding forbidden regions in the work space. Also  , the stiffness mapping matrix B; between the operational space and the fingertip space of each hand can be represented by where i  B ;   denotes the stiffness mapping matrix between the operational space and the fingertip space of the ith hand. In this case  , the stiffness matrix in the operational space can be expressed as where i  K f  and ZG ,f denote the stiffness matrix in the fingertip space of the ith hand and the Jacobian matrix relating the fingertip space of the ith hand to the operational space  , respectively. Due to space limitations  , we cannot present all mapping rules. Where needed an informal explanation of the mapping rule is given and finally a formal definition using first-order predicate logic is given. However  , non-holonomic vehicles have constrained paths of traversal and require a different histogram mapping. The polar histogram is a suitable mapping from grid space to the histogram bins for holonomic vehicles with unconstrained steering directions. We have performed the task that pouring water from a bottle with the power grasp  , which can test the joint space mapping method. Some tasks were performed to evaluate the mapping method. This yields a coefficient vector with as many coordinates as there are dictionary elements. As reasoned above  , HePToX's mapping expressions define the data exchange semantics of heterogeneous data transformation. For space reasons  , here we just informally explain the mapping semantics by examining the two DTDs in Figure 1. The results of the Mapping stage are sufficiently random so that more space-expensive approaches are unnecessary . By using and extending Pearson's method 15   , mapping tables containing only 128 characters are produced . Teleoperation experiments show that the human hand model is sufficient accuracy for teleoperation task. The joint space mapping and modified fingertip position mapping method are exercised in the manipulation of dexterous robot hand. Instead we provide a few examples to illustrate the mapping. Providing the mapping of the entire OWL syntax into the three types of rules considered in this paper is beyond the scope and space limitations of this paper. Given the search space ΩP  covering all possible mappings   , finding a C min mapping boils down to inferring subsumption relationship between a mapping and the source predicate  , and between two mappings. Section 5.2 will discuss this approach in details. The transformation of pDatalog rules into XSLT is done once after the mapping rules are set up  , and can be performed completely automatically. The mapping is straight-forward  , but space precludes us from explaining it in detail. As in the example in Section 2  , the user provides the mapping between application resources and role-based access control objects using a Space-provided embedded domain-specific language. User-provided Mapping. The baseline approach builds a non-clustered index on each selection dimension and the rank mapping approach builds a multi-dimensional index for each ranking fragment. We compare the total space usage with baseline BL and rank mapping RM approaches. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the scnsorimotor mapping. The robot learns the mapping a.nd categorizations entirely within its seiisorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a priori internal representations. The parameters of the human hand model are calibrated by the open-loop calibration method based a vision system. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the sensorimotor mapping. The robot learns the mapping and catego-rizations entirely within its sensorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a przorz internal representations. In this context a datatype theory T is a partial mapping from URIrefs to datatypes. A RDFSDL vocabulary V is a set of URIrefs a vocabulary composed of the following disjoint sets:  VC is the set of concept class names  VD is the set of datatype names  VRA is the set of object property names  VRD is the set of datatype property names  VI is the set of individual names As in RDF  , a datatype " d " is defined by two sets and one mapping: Ld lexical space  , Vd value space and L2Vd the mapping from the lexical space to the value space. That is  , the cross-modal semantically related data objects should have similar hash codes after mapping. Then we attempt to learn a bridging mapping matrix  , M  , to map the hash codes from mpdimensional hamming space to mq-dimensional hamming space or vice versa  , by utilizing the cross-modal semantic correlation as provided by training data objects. By using this representation  , the robot is shrunk to a point with its position being represented by its end effector and the obstacles are represented as forbidden regions in the work space. If we control the sparsity of projection matrix A  , we could significantly reduce the mapping computation cost and the memory size storing projection matrix. But a large number of latent intents would greatly increase the cost of mapping queries from book space to the latent intent space. The coordinate form representation of the latter is given by tlie n x n manipulator Jacobian matrix DecpO. These solutions realize a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. The Jacobian matrix mapping the joint and the operational vector spaces of the fully-isotropic T3R2-type parallel manipulators presented in this paper is the identity 5×5 matrix throughout the entire workspace. For example   , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closedloop structured finger such as the finger with five-bar mechanism described in 8  , the backward mapping is unique. Note that the forward or backward Jacobian mapping between the joint space and the fingertip space may not be unique due to the structure of finger used in robot hands. In this paper  , we treat a robot hand with five-bar finger mechanism and then the stiffness relation between the fingertip space and joint space is described by using the backward Jacobian mapping. The lexical-to-value mapping is the obvious mapping from the documents to their class of equivalent OWL Full ontologies. To make this clear  , consider a datatype where the lexical space is the set of Turtle documents  , and the value space contains the equivalent classes of RDF graphs according to the OWL 2 RDF-based semantics entailment regime a.k.a OWL 2 Full. 1 We learn the mapping Θ by maximizing the likelihood of the observed times τi→j. We formalize this as τi→j ∼ f x; θ = Θai  , where Θ denotes a mapping from the space of actions A to the space of parameters of the probability density function f x; θ. Figure 1 shows the two essential mappings for skillful object manipulation. That is where it hurts in parallel kinematics  , especially when one considers only the actuator positions for sensing: the mapping is neither bijective several solutions to the forward kinematic problem nor differentiable singularities of any type. a differentiable bijective mapping between the sensor-space and the state-space of the system 16. Fullyisotropic PWs presented in this paper give a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. The Jacobian matrix mapping the joint and the operational vector spaces of the fully-isotropic PWs presented in this paper is the 3×3 identity matrix throughout the entire workspace. The hyper-plane is in a higher dimensional space called kernel space and is mapped from the feature space. toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. Since joint velocities incident to the constraint boundary aC i.e. A partial function I : S C mapping states to their information content is called an interpretation. Our theory distinguishes between an object state space S and an information content space C. The object state space consists of all the possible states that objects representing information might assume  , and the information space contains the information content representable in the object state space. The result is a task velocity toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. Mapping all the obstacles onto C-space is not computationally efficient for our particular problem; therefore  , collision detection is done in task space. In 19  , collision detection is done in C-space using the pre-determined C-space configuration although the random points are generated in task space. the set of positions and orientations that the robot tool can attain  , will be denoted by W = this section  , we show how the robot's task space can be mapped to the camera's visual feature space and then we will consider the mapping from the robot's configuration space to the visual feature space. The task space of the robot  , i.e. The control space is defined by the degrees of freedom of our haptic device  , the Phantom. However  , it is difficult to work in such a high-dimensional configuration space directly   , so we provide a mapping from a lower-dimensional control space to the configuration space  , and manipulate trajectories in the control space. The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. Each image space occupancy map is transformed to the map space by applying F equation 2. The 2n + 1 variables of.the access tree model form a 2n + 1 dimensional space R. The access model implies a mapping G: S ---> R from the space of file structures S ontu the space of all the combinations of model variable values  , R. This mapping is usually many-to-one because the variables only represent average characteristics of the file structures  , i.e. The details of these parameters are shown in Table 1. Weston et al 30 propose a joint word-image embedding model to find annotations for images. Then the model tries to learn a mapping from the image feature space to a joint space n R : A robotic system that has more than 6 dof degrees-of-freedom is termed as kinematically redundant system. Further  , addition and scalar multiplication cannot yield results similar to those performed in the data space. This implies that the mapping of a data element in the coordinate space of a dictionary does not allow reconstruction. Intuitively  , a tight connection between two documents should induce similar outputs in the new space. Let the mapping function Φ contain m elementary functions  , and each of them φ : X → R map documents into a onedimensional space. average pointer proportion and average size of filial sets of a level. But this mapping is not one-to-one  , there are infinite number of possible joint-space solutions for the same task-space trajectory. This is one of the most common techniques used for kinematically redundant systems. The tracking of features will be described in Section 3.1. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as f Figure 1 . Figure 2shows the resolvability of two different stereo camera configurations. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as Figure 4shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Since the mapping from I-space t o W-space is continuous  , and since a sphere is an orientable surface  , so is the cylinder surface. I Figurestead  , it is the surface of a cylinder Figure 5 . An alternative method of dealing with sparsity is by mapping the sparse high-dimensional feature space to a dense low-dimensional space. We describe it in more details next. Instead of mapping documents into a low-dimensional space  , documents are mapped into a high dimensional space  , but one that is well suited to the human visual system. Word clouds and their ilk take an alternative approach. Finally  , Space verifies that each data exposure allowed by the application code is also allowed by the catalog. Second  , Space uses the mapping defined by the user to specialize each exposure's constraints to the objects constrained by the catalog. To achieve the goal of partially automated configuration  , the model separates concerns into three spaces: user utility  , application capability  , and computing resources; and two mappings. 4 showed that the lexical features of the query space and the Web document space are different  , and investigated the mapping between query words and the words in visited search results in order to perform query expansion. Cui et al. In other words  , with longer lifespan  , the partitions at the upper corner of the space rendition contain more tuples  , hence more pages. Graphically  , their mapping points in the space rendition move up wards. The Hough transform 5 was developed as an aid to pattern recognition and is widely used today. Thus the Hough transform provides a one-to-one mapping of lines in the original space to points in the transform space. Ordering paves the way for searching in that new space  , so that locations can be identified in the hash table. In SMART the Jacobian is used for a wide variety of variable mappings. In robotics it typically refers to the velocity mapping between a robot's joint space and its world space motions. Many classical visualization techniques are based on dimensionality reduction  , i.e. , mapping high-dimensional data into a low dimensional space. The first is to visualize high-dimensional data in a high-dimensional space. To explain this mapping from intention space to relevancy space  , let us assume we have a resource R which has been tweeted by some author at time ttweet. Figure 2a This difference becomes larger in the region which is far from the origin. The unique mapping is highly related to the concept of observability. This transformed state space is equivalent to the state space consisting of the deflection angles θ and ψ i with its timederivatives . Figure 2: Mapping between sensor space and mental space based on empirical rules and physical intuition. Subconscious knowledge or techniques often play an important role in human task performance. Therefore  , it is represented by a mapping of the shape space Q into the force-distribution space T*Q. A compliance can be regarded as a conservative force field. Using the learned sensorimotor mapping and body ima.ge  , the robot chooses an action in the sensorimotor space to circumnavigate obstacles and reach goals. sensorimotor space that extends beyond the cmiera's view based on collisions. First  , for an input hyper-plane  , all the cluster boundaries intersect the hyper-plane are selected. More formally  , the forward mapping from the input space to the output space can be accomplished as follows. The proposed method uses a nullspace vector in the velocity mapping between the q-space and the u-space to guarantee the continuity in the joint velocities. Finally  , in Section 6 we describe several simulation experiments. This representation greatly simplifies collision checking and the search for a path. From this perspective  , visual tools can help to better understand and manipulate the mapping into the program space. In general  , programmers use a language to map their ideas into a program space. In fact  , the theoretical condition for the validity of a sensor-based control is that there exists a diffeomorphism i.e. A different approach is to derive a reduced-order dynamical manipulator model 6. A typical trial comprised the mapping of several hundred square metres of trials space  , followed by two or more days testing a wide variety of runs through this space. The sorting office had many impermanent sonar features. Let  , the joint velocity polytope of a n-dof manipulator be described by the 2n bounding inequalities: This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. Tracking in this manner is known as piloting 3 or steering 4. Note that this definition implicitly assumes to be able to generate negative values for the joint variables. These ellipsoids are the mapping froin unitary balls in t ,he velocity/force joint space to the analogous in the task space. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 3shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration . In this paper  , we consider a compliance and damping as impedance elements. On the other hand  , a damping is a mapping of the shape-velocity space TQ into its dual space T*Q. However  , there is a large gap between the problem space and the solution space. Establishing a mapping between domain model and the architecture is the objective of domain engineering 16. To compare the operations allowed by an application to those permitted by our security patterns  , a mapping is required between the objects defined in the RBAC model and the resources defined by the application. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Space asks the user to define this mapping. In many cases  , this mapping is obvious a resource named " User " in the application   , for example  , almost always represents RBAC users  , but in general it is not possible to infer the mapping directly. Formally  , it is a mapping from types of application resources to types of RBAC objects; the mapping is a relation  , since some application resources may represent more than one type of RBAC object. The robot learns a sensorimotor mapping and affordance categorizations or proto-symbols and uses the mapping for primitive navigation to exploit affordances. The robot learns a sensorimotor mapping and affordance categorizations and projects the mapping into the future to exploit affordances . The results of the experiment are summarized in Figure 4. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive We transformed the strings to an integer space by mapping them to their frequency vectors. to transform one string to the other. Extensive fault tests show that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly hurt reliability. This exposure can be reduced by write protecting buffer pages. These embeddings often capture and/or preserve linguistic properties of words. Word-embeddings are a mapping from words to a vector space. plastic  , metal or glass  , to friction cone angles that define the grasp wrench space. On a basic level  , this is often approached by mapping discrete material properties  , e.g. The XSLT stylesheets are created based on the pDatalog rules. In this section  , we formally define the extension of the database . However  , due to space limitation  , we describe the intension to extension mapping only. So uncertainty can be represented as a sphere in a six dimensional space. Thus the mapping from one we consider the characteristically same configuration of a manipulator. The -mapping model confirms that this gap does exist in the 4-D space. The gap between cluster A and B can be visually perceived. Triplify automatically generates all the resources in the update URI space  , when the mapping µ in the Triplify configuration contains the URL pattern " update " . Invocation. However  , space precludes an explanation here. There are additional details that concern how to preserve the data structure which holds the mapping of disk pages to buffer pages. Another dynamically consistent nullspace mapping  , which fits very well in the framework of operational space control  , was proposed by Khatih 61: by the manipulator's mass matrix. The language model described in 2 falls in this category. This mapping has two main advantages. We then apply the space-filling curve to this future position to obtain the second component of Equation 1. Clearly  , this constraint reduces the size of our search space. Thus  , when we come to mapping the root location  , we only consider configurations meeting the constraint. However  , the efficiency of exhaustion is still intolerable when SqH is large. The introduction of Query-Topic Mapping reduces the search space significantly in Opti-QTM. This mapping can be extended naturally to expressions. The repair space is thus E ∪ S. We recall that a program state σ maps variables to values. Therefore  , we only describe a number of representative examples  , though others can be described in a similar way. Traditional information retrieval systems have focused on mapping a well-articulated query onto an existing information space 4  , 43. Integrating Queries and Browsing. This places reliable memory under complete database control  , eliminates double buffering  , and simplifies recovery. Mapping reliable memory into the database address space allows a persistent database buffer cache. In the EROC architecture this mapping function is captured by the abstraction mapper. We also show this in the demo. First artificial space-variant sensors are described in 22. Such a peripherally graded pattern was first expressed as a conformal exponential mapping in 21. This dictionary element is therefore represented twice. After this approach  , C hyperplanes are obtained in the feature space. is a mapping function and b i is a scalar. However  , the lack of this optimization step as of now does not impact the soundness of the approach. This helps to prune the space for conducting containment mapping. When we increase the mean lifespan of tuples  , more tuples have longer lifespan. The exact mapping of topics and posts to vectors depends on the vector space in which we are operating. Vector construction. Tracking of articulated finger motion in 3D space is a highdimensional problem. The corresponding mapping from classified hand postures to Barrett configurations is selected offline in advance. We can understand them as rules providing mapping from input sensor space to motor control. For the sake of clarity  , the parameters listed are also discretized. The mapping of the Expressivity to more than one sub-parameter consequently constrains the space of all possible configurations. ble as to be seen in Figure 3 . The space of word clouds is itself high-dimensional  , and indeed  , might have greater dimension than the original space. Our use of the stress function is slightly unusual  , because instead of projecting the documents onto a low-dimensional space  , such as R 2   , we are mapping documents to the space of word clouds. So  , in a rr@rm space  , in which slope is plotted along one axis and intercept along the other  , every point uniquely determines and is uniquely determined by a line in the regular space. Absolute space comes from the idea that the representation for each space should be independent of all other spaces. I Absolute Space Representation: An Absolute Space Representation or ASR 7   , is a cognitive mapping technique used to build models of rooms or spaces visited. Since an adversary can no longer simulate a one-to-n item mapping by a one-to-one item mapping  , in general  , we can fully utilize the search space of a one-to-n item mapping to increase the cost of attack and prevent the adversary to easily guess the correct mapping. Note that the number of possible transformed transactions is 2 |B S F | which is much larger than the number of possible original transactions 2 |I| . Because it is difficult to build a feature space directly  , instead kernel functions are used to implicitly define the feature space. This mapping is defined as φ : X → F   , where X is the original space  , and F is the feature space. Because the synibol space is continuous space and the dynainics in this space is continuous system  , the continuous change of the vector field in the inotioIi space and the continuous motion transition is realized. By the mapping function F  , the reduced motion zk is extracted t o the joint angles of the robot 9k. U refers to map the query text q from the m-dimensional text space to the kdimensional latent space by a liner mapping  , and V refers to map the retrieved image d from the n-dimensional image space to the k-dimensional latent space. where U ∈ R k×m and V ∈ R k×n . Lewis Lew89 surveys methods based on noise  , while Perlin Per851 Per891 presents noisebased techniques which by-pass texture space. Since the animation and the trajectory are equivalent  , we may alter the trajectory and derive a new animation from the altered trajectory. For example  , the integral and differential equations which map A-space to C-space in a flat 2D world are given below: During the transient portion the steering mechanism is moving to its commanded position at a constant rate. The mapping from A-space to C-space is the well-known Fresnel Integrals which are also the equations of dead reckoning in navigation. To find the stiffness relation between the joint space and the fingertip space  , it is first needed to consider the structure of finger in the hand. The wirtual obstacle is a continuum of points in I-space corresponding t o those arm positions in W-space at which the arm intersects some obstacles. When the hand system grasps the peg for the compliance center 0 1 of Figure 4   , this is identical to combine the two cases of Figures 2If the compliance center is moved to the point 0 2   , the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y1 in 6 changes into negative  , and the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y2 in 11 changes into negative . While a tight as possible mapping uses the reach space of the robot hand optimally   , it may nevertheless occur that  , since the human finger's workspace can only be determined approximately   , some grasps may lead to finger tip positions which lie outside reach space of the artificial hand. When considering the mapping of the reach spaces of the human and robot hands we are faced with the following problem. For a more complete description of this mapping from activation level space to force space  , see 25. Extreme points in the space of applied forces are created by limits in activation levels some tendons will be at their maximum force and some will be inactive. Then the two robots exchange roles in order to explore a chain of free-space areas which forms a stripe; a series of stripes are connected together to form a trapezoid. One robot moves and sweeps the line of visual contact across the free space  , thus mapping a single region of free space. LSH is a framework for mapping vectors into Hamming space  , so that the distances in the Hamming hash space reflect those in the input space: similar vectors map to similar hashes. Among the common methods to achieve this is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 1. The one-class classification problem is formulated to find a hyperplane that separates a desired fraction of the training patterns from the origin of the feature space F. This hyperplane cannot be always found in the original feature space  , thus a mapping function Φ : F − → F   , from F to a kernel space F   , is used. in 21. In vector-space retrieval  , a document is represented as a vector in t-dimensional space  , where t is the number of terms in the lexicon being used. Documents are retrieved by mapping q into the row document space of the term-document matrix  , A: Therefore  , it can be computed off-line and used as a look-up table  , forming the following pseudo-code: The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. It is not possible  , in general  , to compute the speed and steering commands which will cause a vehicle to follow an arbitrary C-space curve. The interface allows direct mapping between the interaction space to a 3D physical task space  , such as air space in the case of unmanned aerial vehicles UAVs  , or buildings in the case of urban search and rescue USAR or Explosive Ordnance Disposal EOD robotic tasks. The 3D Tractus was designed with 3D spatial tangible user interfaces TUIs themes in mind. Denote the joint space of an n-joint  , serialdifferentiability of g is necessary because the joint accelerations are bounded  , and therefore the joint velocities must be continuous . In its most abstract form  , the forward kinematics of a serial-link manipulator can be regarded as a mapping from joint space to operational space. The space overhead problem is crucial for Semantic Search  , which involves the: use of a space consuming indexing relation: A weighted mapping between indexing terms and document references. We study the two complcmcntary access methods through a common approach designed to improve time access and space overhead  , the Signature techniques Crh84. The construction of the configuration space  , the control space  , the mapping between them and the haptic forces makes it possible to author and edit animations by manipulating trajectories in the control space. We have provided several techniques for editing existing trajectories  , and as this is done the user can see the effect on the animation in real time. For example  , we can present a current situation and retrieve the next feasible situation through interpolation. With the FSTM partitioned effectively as an union of hyper-ellipsoids  , we can obtain the mapping from an input space of a dimensions to an output space of f3 dimensions in the N-dimensional augmented space  , a+f31N. If our thesis is correct  , physical TUIs such as the 3D Tractus can help reduce the ratio of users per robots in such tasks  , and offer intuitive mapping between the robotic group 3D task space and the user's interaction space. Examples may range from mining tasks  , space exploration  , UAVs or Unmanned Undersea Vehicles UUV. ORDBMSs that execute UDFs outside the server address space could employ careful mapping of address space regions to obtain the same effect. Also  , calls to SAPI functions from the AM extension execute as regular C function calls within the server address space  , so there is no need to " ship " the currently active page to the AM extension; copy overhead is therefore avoided. However  , subsequent research publications report 1 ,13 that a direct mapping from source to target TUs without an intermediate phonetic representation often leads to better results. Pt|s as a series of conversions from the grapheme space spelling of the source language to the phoneme space pronunciation  , and then to the grapheme space of the target language. The manipulator knows some mappings from the problem space to the solution space and estimates the mapping for the goal problem by using them. The solution space is a set of manipulator trajectories or a label representing there is no solution for the problem. We will discuss the haptics in Section 2.3  , but first we give the mathematical model. During learning  , the simple classifier is trained over dataset T producing a hypothesis h mapping points from input space X to the new output space Y . This is necessary during the search over the space of subsets of clusters  , and while estimating final predictive accuracy. FigureObject a has a different geometrical feature than object b  , yet under many grasping configurations  , the relation between the body attached coordinate system of the gripper and the object is the same. Furthermore  , this mapping is naturally a many to many mapping that can be reduced to a many to one mapping in obstacle free environments  , thus reducing the learning space and resulting in a much better generalization. In this figure  , the transformations are defined as: 2 functionfis also relating between gripper and object configurations  , then the relationship between an object geometry  , task requirements and gripper constraints can now be mapped to a generic relation between two coordinate systems. In future it is likely that as we move to a push model of information provision we should provide the means to have local variants of ontologies mapping into our AKT computer science 'standard reference' ontology. In this version of CS AKTive Space we have not included this ontology mapping capability since we have been responsible for engineering the mapping of the heterogeneous information content. The mapping provided by the user translates between the RBAC objects constrained by the pattern catalog and the resource types defined in the application code. Space requires the mapping above and MediumClone's source code—it needs no further input or guidance from the user. Space does not permit entire rules templates are shown or the inclusion of the entire mapping rule set  , but this is not needed to show how the homomorphism constrains the rules. In order to illustrate the interaction between metamodels   , a homomorphism  , and a set of mapping rules  , we examine portions of two rules from the formalization of UML with Promela. If space-filling curves are used  , the mapping is distance-preserving  , i. e. similar values of the original data are mapped on similar index data  , and that for all dimensions. By mapping multi-dimensional data to one-dimensional values  , a one-dimensional indexing method can be applied. The PSOM concept SI can be seen as the generalization of the SOM with the following three main extensions: the index space S in the Kohonen map is generalized to a continuous mapping manifold S E Etm. Unfortunately  , in general the planes do not match at the borders of the Voronoi-cells  , which may leave discontinuities in the overall mapping. Also  , we performed some teleoperation tasks to test modified fingertip position mapping method such as: grasping a litter cube block only with index finger and thumb; grasping a bulb and a table tennis ball with four fingers. Figure 2shows the structure of the global address scheme and an example mapping. To build a global catalogue of a user's personal information space  , each file needs to have a unique and non-ambiguous mapping between a global namespace and its actual location. The basic approach in 9 is to treat the problem as a search for desired functions in a large search space s. In actuality  , preparatory Mapping and Ordering steps are needed so that fast Searching can take place. The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. Hence  , the recommender system can explain to u3 that " T oy Story " is recommended because he/she likes comedy and " T oy Story " is a comedy. Here  , we adopt the PARAFAC model 4 to carry out further tensor decomposition on the approximate core tensorˆStensorˆ tensorˆS to obtain a set of projection matricesˆPmatricesˆ matricesˆP The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. The best among the derived configurations is selected using cost estimates obtained by a standard relational optimizer. We represent the design space synthesis function  , c  , as a semantic mapping predicate in our relational logic  , taking expressions in the abstract modeling language to corresponding concrete design spaces. Relation c can be seen as mapping abstract  , intensional models of design spaces to extensional representations   , namely sets of concrete design variants. Example 2.2 select culture painting title : t  , Figure 5: Path-to-path Mappings pings save space by factorizing DTD similarities and allow semi-automatic mapping generation. cultureepaintinggtitle is mapped to WorkOfArtttitle because their leaf nodes are equal and there is a mapping between the context of title cultureepainting and a sub-path of WorkOfArtttitle. This inference is specific to data types– For some types  , it is straightforward  , while others  , it is not. The solutions we obtain through mapping are not optimal; however  , due to the good locality properties of the space mapping techniques  , information loss is low  , as we demonstrate experimentally in Section 6. Recall that both optimal k-anonymity and -diversity are NP-hard 14  , 13  in the multi-dimensional case. It is desired to ensure the mapping functions Φx to be consistent with respect to the structure of G| T V  , E. In the following  , we measure the information loss of each k-anonymous or -diverse group using N CP   , and the information loss over the entire partitioning using GCP see Section 2. For navigation  , the mapping is served as the classifier for the distribution of features in sensor space and the corresponding control commands. The learned lookuptable is the reactive 191 sensorcontrol mapping that explicitly stores the relations between different local environmental features and the corresponding demonstrated control commands. In this method  , the optimal trajectories in the state space are grouped using the data obtained from cell mapping. A cell mapping based method has been developed to systematically generate the rules of a near-optimal fuzzy controller for autonomous car parking. The information bases under the other mappings show the same general trend. Although we ran comparisons under all three mappings  , due to space constraints  , we show only measurements taken under the M-NC mapping  , because M-NC was the superior mapping in Section 5.2. Space uses this mapping to specialize the constraints derived from the checks present in the code to the set of RBAC objects  , so that the two sets of security checks can be compared. If the handles were clustered  , the strength of Btrees and direct mapping was exhibited. If the handles were clustered randomly  , direct mapping performed a little better than both hashing and the B+-tree because it used significantly less disk space about 30 ,000 pages. When a robot link moves around an obstacle  , the link-obstacle contact conditions vary between vertex-edge and edge-vertex contacts . In this paper  , we investigate the collision-free path planning problem for a robot with two aims cooperating in the robot's work space. However  , despite the importance of vision as a localization sensor  , there has been limited work on creating such a mapping for a vision sensor. Having a mapping of sensor performance across the configuration space has been argued to be beneficial and important. Particular mapping functions have to be defined  , which makes the problem more complex but in turn only meaningful configurations might be created. Experimental results on a Pentium 4 with an average load of 0.15 have shown an average query time of 0.03 seconds for the mapping and 0.35 seconds for the ranking when mapping to 300 terms. These are compared to Ouδ for the vector space method. The user can interact in the 3D domain by physically sliding the 3D Tractus surface up and down in space. Within the RDS we can treat elements of X as if they were vectorial and  , depending on the approximative quality of the mapping  , we can expect the results to be similar to those performed if they were defined in the original space. The RDS R – a quotient space given by the equivalence class of coefficient vectors resulting in the same dictionary element over the vector space R n – and the RDIP ·  , ·· R form a vector space with inner product. Queries belonging to this URL pattern have to return at least two columns. Figure 4 shows that the first two latent dimensions cluster the outlets in interpretable ways. We start by looking at the mapping of the labeled outlets  , as listed in Table 3  , in the space spanned by the latent dimensions. We emphasize that these features cannot be calculated before the result page is formed  , thus do not participate in the ranking model. Namely  , let W be the function mapping the space of Yfeatures to the weights: To our knowledge  , this is the first work that measures how often data is corrupted by database crashes. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly decrease reliability. Our second software design Section 5.2 addresses this problem by mapping the Rio file cache into the database address space. Second  , databases can manage memory more optimally than a file system can  , because databases know more about their access patterns. This exposes reliable memory to database crashes  , and we quantify the increased risk posed by this design. This is consistent with the estimates given in Sullivan9la  , Sullivan93J. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space has only a small effect on the overall reliability of the system. Then any multi-dimensional indexing method can be used to organize  , cluster and efficiently search the resulting points. The idea is to extract n numerical features from the objects of int ,erest  , mapping them into points in n-dimensional space. First  , we generated a dictionary that has a mapping between terms and their integer ids. In this section  , we describe how we transformed the candidate documents in each sub-collection into its representation in the Vector Space Model VSM. Documents are retrieved by mapping q into the row document space of the term-document matrix  , A: Like the documents  , queries are represented as tdimensional vectors  , and the same weighting is applied to them. We address these two issues by mapping the answer and question to a shared latent space and measure their similarity there. Therefore  , surface level similarity measures such as Cosine or Jaccard will fail to identify relevant propositions. TermWatch maps domain terms onto a 2D space using a domain mapping methodology described in SanJuan & Ibekwe-SanJuan 2006. For the second period 2006-2008  , 1938 records were obtained. In this paper we introduce one way of tackling this problem. Mapping navigable space is important for mobile robots and can also he a product in its own right  , e.g. , in the case of reconnaissance . IJsing this mapping reactive obstacle avoidance can be achieved. This effectively maps the low-dimensional force vector F from the workspace into the high-dimensional joint space of the manipulator. This could be done by mapping the object parameters into the feature space and thus writing them as a geometric constraint. In the case that a model of the environment is given  , one might also wish to incorporate obstacle constraints . We also plan to apply this method to general C-space mapping for convex polyhedra. We hope to extend this method in the future to work with non-convex polyhedra. Due to space limitation  , the detailed results are ignored. The results are beyond our expectations: the learned lexical mapping did not help for all the three ranking methods CS  , QL and KL. Finally  , an implementation of concurrent control as a mapping of constraints between individual controllers is demonstrated. Fourth  , a general framework for concurrent control borrowing from priority-based null-space control of redundant manipulators is described. Nevertheless it's possible that with different kernels one could improve on our results. It appears that the data does form a consistent mapping in high dimensional space  , and therefore we were able to get good results. This paper explores the utility of MVERT for exploration and observing multiple dynamic targets. These approaches build maps of an unknown space by selecting longterm goal points for each robot Other approaches focus more mapping I81 19. In semi-autonomous navigation  , omnidirectional translational motion is used for mapping desired user velocities to the configuration space. The robot is driven by selecting commands on the ASPICE GUIs; a mouse is used as input device. We then calculate the mean of its column-wise Pearson correlation coefficients with Y . The slice held out is then mapped to the 3-D latent space with mapping matrix and appended to the learned embeddings of the other slices. We c m directly transfer the calibrated joints value measured by the CyberGlove@ to the robot hand. After h e calibration and knowing accurate joint angles of human hand fingers  , the joint space mapping is easy to fulfill. If the automated system could function well in this space  , then it will also function well in the retirement community. The automated behavioral mapping surveillance system was setup to replicate the installation area  , as well as the ambient lighting conditions. These include scaling  , rotation  , and synchronization of observations from several tours of a space. Beck and Wood 2 include several common operations involved in map-making in their model of urban mapping. The time series are further standardized to have mean zero and standard deviation one. The space V now consists of all time series extracted from shapes with the above mapping . Let¨be Let¨Let¨be a feature mapping and be the centroid matrix of¨´µ of¨´µ  , where the input data matrix is represented as in the feature mappingörmappingör the feature space explicitly. At this time  , it might be effective to subtract the explained component in the target ordering from sample orders. After that  , by mapping attribute vectors to the new sub-space  , components in attributes related to this vector are subtracted. An intermediate future work would be to incorporate the XQuery logical optimization technique in 9  in our normalization step to reduce the possible navigation redundancies in the VarTree representation. For discrete QoS dimensions  , for instance audio fidelity   , whose values are high  , medium and low  , we simply use a discrete mapping table to the utility space. latency by flipping the order of the good and bad values . Since the target predicate has a pre-defined domain of values  , each representing a range  , our search space is restricted to disjunctions of those ranges. Consider mapping between the price predicates in Example 1. triples that represent specific points in the geometric space. Mappings model both the descriptive characteristics of an object  ,  Relationships among objects are modeled by " domainobject   , mapping-object  , range-object. Thus  , mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space does not significantly lower reliability. These uncommitted buffers are vulnerable to the same degree in all three systems Section 5.2. But it does not become a subject of this paper so far as an n-a imensional space. We use this mapping to parameterize the grasp controller described in Section 3. The opposition space is important to this discussion because it links specific contact regions on the hand surface with the role they play in the grasp. The particular minimum of 3 in which the robot finds itself is dependent on the path traversed through through joint space to reach current joint angles. Thus the forward kinematics  , given the actuator states  , is not necessarily a unique mapping. For example  , a typical mapping approach  , called approximate cell decomposition 7  , maps an environment into cells of predefined shapes. There is usually a trade-off between low cost in time and space and high map fidelity and path quality. Second  , the inverse model  , the mapping from a desired state to the next action is not straightforward. First  , since soil is not rigid  , a C-space representation of natural terrain has very high dimensionality. The above results represent the first approach to a perception mapping system; it involves all sensors and all space around the robot. A crucial issue is naturally the sensor overlapping configuration. The global exploration st ,rategy provides the order in which these areas are explored. The local exploration strategy guides the path traveled for the mapping of a convex area of free space a triangle  , or a trapezoid. Section 2 extends Elfes' 2-D probabilistic mapping scheme to 3-D space and describes a framework for workspace modeling using probabilistic octrees. Finally  , simulation results and performance considerations are presented for the power line maintenance application. -procedures for mapping sensory errors into positional/rotational errors e.g. -providing the a-priori knowledge on the C-space configuration and the type of shared control active compliance or using nominal sensory pat- terns. This property can be viewed as the contraction of the phase space around the limit cycle. The mapping F is stable if the first return map of a perturbed state is closer to the fixed point. This is because we excluded the coupling terms iKfxyi=1 ,2 ,3 in the fingertip space for independent finger control. Note that the elements of the second row of the mapping matrix are calculated as zero. The sensory-motor elements are distributed and can be reused for building other sequences of actions. This will build a mapping of the sensory-motor space to reach this goal. In particularly  , by allowing random collisions and applying hash mapping to the latent factors i.e. We address this problem by implementing feature hashing 27 on the space of matrix elements. we can both reduce the search space and avoid many erroneous mappings between homonyms in different parts of speech. We assume that by mapping only nouns to nouns  , verbs to verbs  , etc. Imitation of hand trajectories of a skilled agent could be done through a mapping of the proprioceptive and external data. The collected data could be used for generating unexplored movement and for reaching unexplored positions in the action space. A mapping is defined by specifying an implementation component in the requires section of an abstract package definition. Abstract components from the problem space are distinguished from implementation components by having an empty location field in their package definition. The kernel function implicitly maps data into a highdimensional reproducing kernel Hilbert space RKHS 7  and computes their dot product there without actually mapping the data. is a kernel function  , and C > 0 is the cost parameter . Clearly  , this plot does not reveal structures or patterns embedded in the data because data dojects spread across the visual space. The right view of Figure 5 shows the result of a random mapping of host names. two different paths in the interpretation space can lead to the same program. If the mapping from problem descriptions to programs is to be rich enough to generate a sufficiently wide variety of programs  , ambiguity is an unavoidable consequence  , i.e. An architectural style specification  , omitted due to space limitation  , defines the co-domain of an architectural map. 10 } Listing 2: The elided mapping predicate for the SCC application type and REST architectural style Section 2 presents object-relational mapping ORM as a concrete driving problem. This paper provides one solution to this problem  , particularly for design space models expressible within a relational logic 20 . Space  , in contrast  , requires only that the programmer provide a simple object mapping. Boci´cBoci´c and Bultan 3 and Near and Jackson 24 check Rails code  , but require the user to write a specification. Later  , we generalized this idea to map the strings to their local frequencies for different resolutions by using a wavelet transform. 7  , 8  presented techniques for representing text documents and their associated term frequencies in relational tables  , as well as for mapping boolean and vector-space queries into standard SQL queries. Grossman et al. The acquired parameter values can then be used to predict probability of future co-occurrences. Figure 1: Mapping entities in folksonmies to conceptual space rameters by maximizing log-likelihood on the existing data set. Indeed  , mapping technology itself—including the prior technology of the printed map— privileges a particular cognitive perspective 9. Geographers and historians emphasize that a map advocates a way of thinking about space  , rather than transmitting the single correct representation. We address this problem by implementing feature hashing 28 on the space of matrix elements. We built an earlier Java-based prototype in order to rapidly explore the design space for visual mapping of organizations. Both the faces and the displayed information are obtained from a centralized corporate directory. Our choice of visual design builds upon one of the simplest hierarchical layouts  , the icicle plot 1. The classifier was trained to be conservative in handling the Non-Relevant categorization. After examining the relevancy of the datasets using our developed relevancy classifier  , we now use our TIRM mapping scheme in transforming the results into the intention space. Second  , suboptimal mappings have a larger impact in the two-dimensional space than in the unidimensional one. Thus  , mapping an entity to a suboptimal random coordinate affects the spatial deviation of more blocks in DBPedia than in BTC09. The access interface need only maintain a relatively simple mapping between object identifiers and storage locations. b Large holdings can be moved to wherever space is available  , without having to rewrite the corresponding catalog database. The attribute for each sample point object occupanjcy or free space was determined by the solid interference function "SOLINTERF" in AME. The sample points for RCE mapping were randomly selected in the CAD environment. Higher map resolution and better path usually mean more cells thus more space and longer planning time. This design offers more protection than the first two designs  , but manipulating protections may slow perfor- mance. Keeping an I/O interface to reliable memory requires the fewest modifications to an existing database but wastes memory capacity and bandwidth with double buffering. maximum heap space  , and the numbers of MultiExprs and ExprXlasses in the logical and physical expression spaces at the end of optimization. The columns in the tables show enumeration  , mapping  , and total optimization times  , estimated execution co&! This narrows down the search space of potential objects on the image significantly. Based on the mapping  , the FMA is used to retrieve a list of anatomical entities that could possibly be detected in this body region. Second  , consider the mapping of textual words into the latent space in LSCMR. But we find something interesting that though some topics overlap  , some smaller but more precise topics are discovered see the two " Biology " topics in Table 5. The mapping of feasible initial-state perturbations around a nominal initial state x 0 to sensor-observation perturbations is given by the observability matrix Let the columns of the matrix N span the null-space of B. We apply a. liyclrodynamic potential field in the sensorimotor spa.ce to choose an action cf. For an environment depicted in Fig. This histogram was established from a mapping from a 3D space to 2D ZXplane using the depth inforniation to represent the obstacles in the environment. The fuzzy rules and membership functions are then generated using the statistical properties of the individual trajectory groups. Figure 11shows another mapping. In a computer implementation  , if the available storage space is scarce  , it is straightforward to devise other mappings from hexagonal to quadractic not necessarily rectangular grids that do not leave empty cells. In computer graphics  , for cxample  , an object model is defined with respect to a world coordinate system. Many problems in computer vision and graphics require mapping points in space to corresponding points in an image. Fundamentally  , thc dccomposition in 12 rcprcscnts a. mapping from the space of infinitc-dimcnsiona.1 rcalvalucd functions to thc finitc-dimcnsiona.1 spa.cc  ?P. Thus we would wa.nt to decompose  ,BTs into 8 cocfficients , Employing this demonstration technique saves from the burden of mapping the human kinematics as in other approaches 7  , 14. Moreover  , kinaesthetic teaching intrinsically solves the correspondence problem  , as the robot learns in its own joints space. A phase space represents the predicted sensory effects of chains of actions. Projection heuristics provide an efficient method of projecting a learned sensorimotor mapping into the future to exploit affordances. We will develop a polygonal line method to avoid the poor solutions by fitting the line segments without any mapping or length constraints. This is due to their fixed topology on the latent data space or to bad initialization 8. Additionally  , potential clusters are maximally S-connected  , i.e. We represent these more compactly by mapping regions from the original space to descriptor nodes that record the object count for these regions. In the aforementioned methods it is assumed that the dataset is embedded into a higher-dimensional space by some smooth mapping. This number of components can be viewed as the number of effective dimensions in the data. Measure the relativity between the semantics of a tag t k and the chosen dimension according to the The intent of any input query is identified through mapping the query into the Wikipedia representation space  , spanned by Wikipedia articles and categories. 14 leveraged Wikipedia for the intent classification task. According to the objective function 6  , we think that the optimal r-dimensional embedding X *   , which preserves the user-item preference information  , could be got by solving the following problem: Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. During the final phase of resolution i.e. , relation mapping  , the remaining relationships between concepts are mapped into the viewpoint model space. If types conflict  , HyDRA assists in the conflict's resolution. These relations may include temporal relations  , meronymic relations  , causal relations  , and producer/consumer relations. In practice  , we can often encode the same probability distribution much more concisely. The size of a probabilistic mapping may be quite large  , since it essentially enumerates a probability distribution by listing every combination of events in the probability space. The mapping from the system state to the Java code we implemented is straightforward. Space limitations do not allow us to concentrate on the implementation  , which is thoroughly described in 19. In this section  , we discuss our development of predicate mapper  , which realizes the type-based search-driven mapping machinery. Due to space limitation   , please refer to 12 for more details. Both problems are NP-hard in the multidimensional space. In this paper  , we developed a framework for solving the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multidimensional quasi-identifiers to one dimension. The relationship between database intension and extension then is an injective mapping between two topological spaces. That is  , the extension of a database can be seen as a topological space built out of entities rather than entity types. The state of the art in multimedia indexing is based on feature extraction 30  , 161. In the following  , lower-case bold Roman letters denote column vectors  , and upper-case ones denote matrices. We aim to derive a mapping Ψ : X → V that projects the input features into a K-dimensional latent space. The use of these techniques for document space representation has not been reported In the literature. Therefore  , transformation methods must be considered which are more efficient than the mapping techniques In the generation of the data point  ,. ,... ,.uon. This solution is one of five Pareto-optimal solutions in the design space for our customer-order object model. Figure 6presents a graphical depiction of an Alloy object encoding a synthesized OR mapping solution. The second component of the visual mapping is brightness . In particular  , the brightness of a statement  , s  , is computed by the following equation: 5In color space models  , a pigment with zero brightness appears as black. Indeed  , there is no theoretical basis for mapping documents into a Euclidean space at all. While this framework  , like many others  , has no theoretical basis  , it is an intuitive extension of a vector based approach. Apart from the limited number of discontinuities  , the mapping from pose-space to eigenspace is conformal: that is  , continuous but curved. In the experiments described below we used a fix sample grid of Ax=Ay = 50cm and A0 = 0.5 degrees. The tip of the bucket position and its orientation relative to the horizontal are the task space variables being controlled. Cylin-der extensions are determined from the joint angles using a polynomial mapping  Selective usage of these elements may be more suited for specific situations of navigation. The output is well-defined  , closed under the operation  , and is unique. Taking this function as weighting for the individual behaviours from the input space  , a mapping is defmed between the input and output spaces. These are highly desirable properties for an unsupervised feature mapping which facilitate learning with very few instances. Similar poses of the same object remain close in the feature-space  , expressing a low-dimensional manifold. The camera-totarget distance remains constant when the target horizontally translates in a plane parallel to the camera's image plane and simple perspective is used for the image-to-task space mapping. Tracking by camera translation is much simplier. uncertainty in the kinematics mapping which is dynamic dependent. The required joint trajectory cannot be generated by the given trajectory in inertia space due t o the dynamic parametel. Most approaches increase efficiency by dividing large multi-robot problems into several smaller single-robot tasks. Since the PCM contains only obstacles in a fixed vicinity of the vehicle  , obstacles "enter" and "leave" the map gradually as the robot moves. Based on this mapping each cell of the grid is marked either "obstacle" or "free-space". We have shown an efficient and robust method for recomputing 3-d Minkowski sums of convex polyhedra under rotation. Bottema and Roth 1979 introduce this mapping directly and study the image curves which represent the coupler motion of a planar four bar linkage. They went on to characterize the geometry of their projective image space. Mapping motion data is a common problem in applying motion capture data to a real robot or to a virtual character . Our accuracy requirements are much less because the mari0nette.k gesturing in free space rather than precisely positioning an object. Mapping with only stationary objects  , and localization using entire observations in which the dual sensor model of occupancy grids is applied for range readings from moving objects. OGSD Occupancy grids presuming free space is crossable. They obtain an affordance map mapping locations at which activities take place from learned data encoding human activity probabilities. An example of work on shared space of humans and robots is given by Tipaldi and Arras 15. What follows is a sequence of strings that define the traversal path through the output space of the selected extractor. The mapping expression starts by specifiying the " extractor key "   , a unique identifier of the extractor to be used. The second data set contains 2 ,000 data items in 3- dimensional space with 2 clusters the middle one in Fig.3. can compare the resultant mapping with the original data set directly. To calculate the document score for document d i   , the vector space method applies the following equation: We will now show how LSA is as an extension to the VSM  , by using this query mapping. We also consider transforming the NED mapping scores into normalized confidence values. For assessing the confidence  , we devise several techniques  , based on perturbing the mention-entity space of the NED method. The other primitives are less crucial with respect to the YQL implementation  , and therefore we skip their discussions due to space limitations. A short discussion of the mapping of each Remote Query Interaction primitive follows. Since the adversary only has information about the large itemsets  , he can only find the mappings for items that appear in the background knowledge. So  , the adversary can reduce the search space for each mapping of item. However  , mapping an inherently high-dimension data set into a low-dimension space tends to lose the information that distinguishes the data items. To address the " dimensionality curse " problem  , the index subsystem must use as few dimensions as possible . The SOM defines a mapping from the input data space onto a usually two-dimensional array of nodes. The vector size of the subject feature vector was 1 ,674 and the vector size of the description feature vector was 1 ,871. This is because wild stores rarely touch dirty  , committed pages written by previous transactions. This provides the means to study alternative physical representations and to analyse the consequences of changes made in the conceptual schema. We also test a number of other standard similarity measures  , including the Vector Space Similarity VSS 3 and others. We employ a mapping function f x = x+1/2 to bound the range of PCC similarities into 0  , 1. When decoding the relative strength of active signals in a complex 3d world with different densities of matter – i.e. When stock is reorganized  , the system must reconfigure its mapping of library space onto the subject headings. The mapping  can not be achieved by the system without breaking contact constraints. If the number of columns of the blocks C11 and Caa equals the dimension of the task space  , the cooperating system is " minimal " . For the purposes of synthesizing a compliance mapping   , it is assumed that the robotic manipulator and the gripper holding the object can move freely in space without colliding with the environment. The above equation does not include joint friction. In this paper  , we investigate a novel approach to detect sentence level content reuse by mapping sentence to a signature space. Thus  , it is essential that content reuse detection methods should be efficient and scalable. the terms or concepts in question. We choose a setup of P such that it provides a mapping into the space of all possible superconcepts of the input instances  , i.e. The stress term of the objective function is inspired by multidimensional scaling MDS  , a classical method for dimensionality reduction 2. Consider a naive indexing approach where a sentence-file stores keyword vectors for the sentences in the collection. In particular  , we propose a sentencesignature based mechanism for mapping from the sentence domain to a multi-dimensional space such that word-overlap searches can be re-posed as range searches in this space. Hashing then involves mapping from keys into the new space  , and using the results of Searching to find the proper hash table location. According to the preceding calculations  , both procedures will yield exactly the same ranking. Instead of mapping both queries and documents to the kdimensional concept space via U T k and computing the cosine similarity there  , we may therefore as well transform the documents via the m × m matrix U k U T k   , and compute cosine similarities in the original term space. Therefore  , the knowledge of inverse kinematics mapping is of great interest since it allows the path planing to be independent of the geometry of the robot. the inverse kinematics maps the world coordinate space onto the joint coordinate space  X E R " -+ q ~ R ~   l    ,  1 3  . Currently  , a 7:l position amplification permits comfortable mapping of RALF's full workspace into the workspace of the human operator. To facilitate the teleoperation tasks  , the controller for KURBIRT computes its tip position and scales the position from the space of the master robot to the space of the slave  , RALF. The control law is provided by mapping these two spaces as an open-loop schema. The sensor and the manipulation spaces are partitioned by considering the features of the images and the space of the DOF of the manipulator that is called the configuration space. Errors in the estimated and actual generalized force were used to drive the system to minimize the external loads projected into the configuration space. The method employs a mapping of the unknown interaction forces into a generalized force in the configuration space of a continuum segment. As discussed in t ,he Introductioii  , well known concepts for manipulability mea.sures of robotic structure are the so-called velocity and force maiiipulability el- lipsoids  , 12. The geometric configuration of robot manipulability includes two wellknown types: manipulability ellipsoidl  and manipulability polytope2  , 3 ,4. The concept of robot manipulability means that constraints on joint space are transformed to that of task space through the mapping zk = J q   , or in general the transformation P = A&. Hence  , in order to obtain more specific latent query intents  , we often need to obtain rather a large number of latent query intents. Most tasks  , for example welding  , insertions  , and grasping   , require a higher precision than can be achieved by using artificial forces. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as The fuzzy logic is used to select the elements of the transformation matrix 1T which indirectly determine the contribution of each joint to the total motion. Figure 7shows the trajectory taken by the wheelchair green when the user attempts to follow a leader blue. Trajectories and maps were produced via Hector mapping 17; map regions are as follows: light grey represents known vacant space  , black represents known surfaces and dark grey represents unknown space; the grid cells are 1 metre square. Practically  , the document space is randomly sampled such that a finite number of samples   , which are called training data R ⊆ R  , are employed to build the model. Let us suppose there is a classifier such as h  , which is defined as h : R → C  , where h is a many-to-one mapping of the documents to the binary class space. Bound the marginal distributions in latent space In the previous section  , we have discussed how the marginal distribution difference can be bounded in the space W . The following theorem concludes that we can further bound the marginal distributions of two domains by the mapping T . Thus  , we develop a mechanism for efficient wordoverlap based reuse 33  by mapping sentence domain context to a multi-dimensional signature space and leveraging range searches in this space. In this paper  , our focus is not on developing better reuse metrics  , but on the efficient identification of reuse in large collections. Index schemes: There have been a number of proposals for finding near-duplicate documents in the database and web-search communities 21  , 37  , 10. To an abstract model  , m ∈ Design abst   , we apply a design space synthesis concretization function  , c  , to compute cm ⊂ Designconc  , the space of concrete design variants from which we want to choose a design to achieve desirable tradeoffs. The inputs of the system are assembly quality ternis  , i.e. , the elements of assenibly quality space U1  , while the outputs are the assembly operation strategies ant1 quality control strategies  , i.e. , the elements of assembly cx~ntrol strategy space U ,. The NFEPN niodel is also used to implement and optimize the mapping f 1 3 . In their original formulation  , these manipulability measures or ellipsoids considered only single-chain manipulators  , and were based on the mapping in task space trough the Jacobian matrix of the joint space unit ,a.ry balls qTq 5 1 and T ~ T 5 1. 11. A kinematic mapping f has a singularity at q when the rank of its Jacobian matrix Jf q drops below its maximum possible value  , which is the smaller of the dimensions k of the joint-space and n of the configuration space. The exponential commutes with its defining twist and its derivative is therefore: In computational biology  , it has been found that k-mers alone are not expressive enough to give optimal classification performance on genomic data. But what happens if the grasping configuration doesn't follow any of the simple built-in action models ? By dividing the mapping space into simple mappings  , more complex mappings could be learned over the whole object configuration space with a minimum number of experiments. In order to discuss and motivate the inverse kinematic function approach  , we must first describe the forward kinematics of a manipulator. A unique mapping will need additional constraints  , such as in the form of desired hand or foot position. In order to kinematically transform an RMP back to a humanoid robot  , one needs to generate a map from the 11– dimensional RMP space to the much larger robot kinematics space. Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. Each behavior is encoded as a fuzzy rule-base with a distinct mobile robot control policy governed by fuzzy inference. Resolvability provides a shared ontology  , that is a scheme allowing us to understand the relationships among various visual sensor configurations used for visual control. A key component of this measure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. is the Jacobian matrix and is a function of the extrinsic and intrinsic parameters of the visual sensor as well as the number of features tracked and their locations on the image plane. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as This set is called The above theorem states that points in the workspace close to obstacles  , relate to points in the configuration space with even less clearance. The mapping between workspace and configuration space is straightforward: A point p in the workspace corresponds to the set of configurations in C which have p as their position. News articles are also projected onto the Wikipedia topic space in the same way. Then  , the final mapping Φl of a location l into the Wikipedia topic space is the multiplication of the product vector and the local topic distribution. The motion strategy can be represented as a function mapping the information space onto the control space. motion commands corresponding to current knowledge of the system  , whose execution gives the robot the maximum probability of reaching a goal configuration from any initial configuration. In contrast to this direction of research  , relatively little research e.g. ,2 ,4 has involved the inverse kinematics -the direct mapping from the workspace to the joint space -for kinematically redundant manipulators. This resolved motion technique first determines the joint velocity using the pseudoinverse matrix  , and then incrementally determines the joint displacement; it thus transforms from workspace to joint space via joint velocity. These mapping methods are not widely used because they are not as efficient as the VSM. If the mappings to the topic space are performed correctly we are able to retrieve document at a higher precision than the vector space method. This fact is especially interesting if the data space is non-vectorial. The derivation of t from a induces a mapping  , cl  , from concrete designs to concrete loads parameterized by a choice of abstract load. As long as cm preserves a representation of a in its output  , then from any single design space model  , m  , we can synthesize a concrete design space  , and both abstract and concretized loads. Space is otherwise completely automatic: it analyzes the target application's source code and returns a list of bugs. Space Security Pattern Checker finds security bugs in Ruby on Rails 2 web applications  , and requires only that the user provide a mapping from application-defined resource types to the object types of the standard role-based model of access control RBAC 30  , 15 . A load/store using out of bounds values will immediately result in a hardware trap and we can safely abort the program . Note that we can reuse the high address space for different pools and so we have a gigabyte of address space on 32 bit linux systems for each pool for mapping the OOB objects. In the above definition  , it is equivalent to compute the traditional skyline  , having transformed all points in the new data space where point q is the origin and the absolute distances to q are used as mapping functions. Each point p = p 1   , p 2  in the original 2-dimensional space is transformed to a point Given a source logical expression space  , a target physical expression space  , and a goal an instance of Goal  , a Mapper instance will return a physical expression that meets whatever constraint is specified by the goal. The condition number and the determinant of the Jacobian matrix being equal to one  , the manipulator performs very well with regard to force and motion transmission. As opposed t o mapping < to new active joint space velocities through a given shape matrix Jcp   , this approach introduces additional joint space velocities using a new shape matrix . A more involved approach to redundant actuation is the introduction of entirely new actuators to the mechanism. Basically  , defuzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control action defined over an universe of discourse into a space of non-fuzzy control actions. Since we use the height defuzzification method  , we can specify a rule directly by assigning a real number instead of a linguistic value to pj which is to be optimized by EP. Although inany strategies can be used for performing the defuzzifi- cation 8  , we use the height defuzzification method given by where CF is a scale factor. As discussed in 21  , the measure is easily extendable to other visual sensors including multi-baseline stereo and laser rangefinders. The set of all possible twists at a given position and orientation of a rigid body is the tangent space at that point; it is represented by the tangent space at the origin of a chosen reference frame. Such a path is  , mathematically speaking  , a mapping from the real line  " time "  into the manifold. Among the collision-free paths that connect the initial and goal configurations  , some may be preferable because they will make more information available to the robot  , hence improving the knowledge of its current state. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 2F shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Before planning the vision-based motion  , the set of image features must be chosen. We also can define image features as a mapping from C. This means that a robot trajectory in configuration space will yield a trajectory in the image feature space. Fingerprint-based descriptors  , due to the hashing approach that they use  , lead to imprecise representations  , whereas the other three schemes are precise in the sense that there is a one-to-one mapping between fragments and dimensions of the descriptor space. The third dimension is associated with whether or not the fragments are being precisely represented in the descriptor space. Dimension reduction is the task of mapping points originally in high dimensional space to a lower dimensional sub-space  , while limiting the amount of lost information. 1 measurement of respondents' sensations  , feelings or impressions Dimension reduction techniques are one obvious solution to the problems caused by high dimensionality. Therefore  , the text query and the retrieved image are mapped to a common k-dimensional latent aspect space  , and then their similarity is measured by a dot product of the two vectors in the kdimensional space  , which is commonly used to measure the matching between textual vectors 1. Instead  , the map is created with consideration to where the ASRs are with respect to each other and the robot. Similar to a  we project these unreachable positions back to the closest reachable position in the workspace. In this section  , the results of numerical simulation of the Stiffness mapping between 2-dof cylindrical space and 2-dof joint space using both direct and indirect CCT are presented. Kc  , =  0 The initial values of joint stiffness matrix and joint torque in Figure 6are The former problem may be solved by the use of perfect hash functions  , such as those proposed in 1 ,2 ,3 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,9 ,10 ,26 ,28 ,301  , where a perfect hash function is defined as a oneto-one mapping frcxn the key set into the address space. Secondly  , the address space cannot easily be changed dynamically. As a result of COSA  , they resolve a synonym problem and introduce more general concepts in the vector space to easily identify related topics 10. The authors apply an ontology during the construction of a vector space representation by mapping terms in documents to ontology concepts and then aggregating concepts based on the concept hierarchy  , which is called concept selection and aggregation COSA. , where each column of Wp and Wq generates one bit of hash code for the p th and q th modal. The indexing relation is of the kind defined in IOTA Ker84In this chapter we present  , first  , the query language structure. If X and Y are input and output universes of discourse of a behavior with a rule-base of size n  , the usual fuzzy if-then rule takes the following form Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. where a k are comers of the n-dimensional unit activation hypercube  , or the set of all combinations of minimally and maximally activated muscles. Dehzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control actions defined over an output universe of discourse into a space of nonfuzzy control actions. Ail and A12 are the membership function in the antecedent part  , B  , is the membership function in the consequent part. A specific form of the ho­ mography is derived and decomposed to interpolate a unique path. A homography is a mapping from 2-D projective space to 2-D projective space  , which is used here to define the 2-D displacement transformation between two ob­ ject poses in the image. Daumé and Brill 5 extracted suggestions based on document clusters that have common top-ranked documents. Examples are presented to demonstrate the computational and the corresponding regional transformation: The resolvability ellip- soid 5 illustrates the directional nature of resolvability  , and can be used to direct camera motion and adjust camera intrinsic parameters in real-time so that the servoing accuracy of the visual servoing system improves with camera-lens motion.   , it is very tlifficidt to implement and optimize the mapping f l : l iising the mathematical or numeric approaches. In other words  , it is sufficient Remarkably  , in this case the optimization problem corresponds to finding the flattest function in the feature space  , not in the input space. Hence  , the key idea to overcome the problem of dimerisionality is the use of kernel functions for establishing an implicit mapping between the input and the feature spaces. Consequently several projections or maps of the hyperbolic space were developed  , four are especially well examined: i the Minkowski  , ii the upperhalf plane  , iii the Klein-Beltrami  , and iv the Poincaré or disk mapping. But it lays in the nature of a curvated space to resist the attempt to simultaneously achieve these goals. One advantage of this is that the high dimensional representation  , e.g. , the word cloud  , can convey some information about the document on its own. A fundamental assumption for multimodal retrieval is that by mapping objects in a modalityconsistent latent space  , the latent space representations of semantically relevant inter-modal pairs should be consistent. The most desirable value of multimodal retrieval is to enable transfer of knowledge across different modalities so that cross-modal retrieval performance can be improved. Tradeoffs   , Pareto-optimal solutions  , and other critical information can then be read from the results. In that case  , mapping this vector of functions or  , equivalently  , this vector-valued function across the points in the space yields a multi-dimensional  , non-functional property image of the design space. The use of a solid arrow to make this connection denotes that this mapping from the problem level to the solution level facilitates two goals  , in this case both the generation of new variants and also expedited navigation. Hence in Figure 1 we connect the Functional variation dimension in the problem space to the Nominal flow change dimension in the solution space. Scans from a triangle of points in pose-space will project to a non-Euclidean triangle of points in eigenspace. This is generated during mapping; as the robot moves into unvisited areas  , it drops nodes at regular intervals  , and when it moves between existing nodes it connects them. It is also given a set of nodes in 2D-space with edges between them  , constituting a navigation graph which represents known robot-navigable space 6. Interpolating a viable object path for a given object displacement requires knowledge of the initial and fi­ nal poses as well as how the object is to be displaced. A good example of the use of geometry within this application is the mapping of two dimensional views of the roadway into a three dimensional representation which can be used for navigation. It is clear that a robust solution to this problem must involve as much generic information as possible about space and the relationship between objects in space. Repeatability is guaranteed in the augmented Jacobian method because repeated task-space motion is carried out with repeated joint-space motion  , whereas in the resolved motion method repeatability is not guaranteed. It is widely stated 3 ,that the difference between the two inverse mapping techniques lies in the repeatability. Valuable prior research has been conducted in this direction for learning hashing codes and mapping function with techniques such as unsupervised learning and supervised learning. Semantic hashing has been proposed for the problem to map data examples like documents in a high-dimensional space e.g. , a vector space of keywords in the vocabulary into a low-dimensional binary vector space  , which at the same time preserves the semantic relationship of the data examples as much as possible. Attempting a strategy which would require the user to lead the point " inside " such structures  , with no knowledge of which entrance leads to the target and which to a dead-end  , is likely to negate the human ability to see " the big picture " and degenerate into an exhaustive search of the insides of Cspace obstacles. For each data item in the compressed data  , a backward mapping is necessary to discover the coordinates of the original space  , so that a new position can be computed corresponding to the new requdsted space. These operators  , however  , rely heavily on the ability to dis cover efficiently  , given an arbitrary position in the compressed data  , the corresponding logical position in the original dntabase   , in order to reposition the data items in the new transposed space. The unique mapping maps the energies of each DoF V θ ,ψi with the appropriate phases to the force trajectory F p ,x t by neglecting the influence of handle motion ˙ r. The energies V θ ,ψi and phases ϕ θ ,ψi span a transformed state space. It is clear that the most difficult phase of object recognition is making the pointwise mapping from model to scene. The considerable computation and space requirements such an approach would usually entail are avoided by using a sparse  , minimal feature that is easily extracted to reduce the number of features that can exist in a given scene  , and by decomposing the dimensions of transform space  , and by eliminating empty regions of transform space early in the search. Second  , since it is not known initially how many steps are required for the solution  , we start with one step transition and gradually increase the number of steps as required. Formally  , any density matrix ρ assigns a quantum probability for each quantum event in vector space R n   , thereby uniquely determining a quantum probability distribution over the vector space. The Gleason's Theorem 2 can prove the existence of a mapping function µρ|vv| = trρ|vv| for any vector v given a density matrix ρ ∈ S n S n is the density matrix space containing all n-by-n positive semi-definite matrices with trace 1  , i.e. , trρ = 1. We map the human hand motion to control the dexterous robot hand when performing power grasps  , the system adopts the joint space mapping method that motions of human hand joints are directly transferred to the robot hand and the operator can adjust the posture interactively; when performing the precise tasks  , the system adopts the modified fingertip position mapping method. 7. In the teleoperation system  , we use the space mouse as the 3D input device  , which has six DOFs and can control the end point position and pose of the Staubli RX60 robot. A recent work has shown that a finger or manipulator should have at least the same number of active joints as the number of independent elements of the desired operational compliance matrix to modulate the desired compliance characteristic in the operational space 5. To find the stiffness in the joint space of each finger  , first we have to compute the unique Jacobian relation; particularly  , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closed-loop structured finger  , the backward mapping is unique 5. Force sensors are built into HITDLR hand. The procedure of computing the fingertip stiffness for the given object stiffness can be consequently summarized as below. Performing this mapping also provides a means to model the relationship between question semantics and existing question-answer semantics which will be discussed further in Sect. This information is augmented with that derived from the set of answer terms  , thus by mapping a query question to the space of question-answers it is possible to calculate its similarity using words that do not exist in the question vocabulary and therefore are not represented in the topic distribution T Q . Mapping the distribution of question topics to the distribution of question-answer topics avoids problems that occur when limited vocabularies are used in a question . Relation a  , an abstraction relation  , explains how any given concrete design  , d ∈ cm  , instantiates i.e. , is a logical model of its abstract model  , m. Function c is specified once for any given abstract modeling language  , as a semantic mapping predicate in our relational logic. This mapping is described by As in 2  , see also 3  , 4  , 5  , 7  , 8  , we assume that the image features are the projection into the 2D image plane of 3D poims in the scene space  , hence we model the action of the camera as a static mapping from the joint robot positions q E JR 2 to the position in pixels of the robot tip in the image out­ put  , denoted y E JR2. This way of sharing parameters allows the domains that do not have enough information to learn good mapping through other domains which have more data. The intuition for having this objective function is to try to find a single mapping for user's features  , namely Wu  , that can transform users features into a space that matches all different items the user liked in different views/domains. A pointer in each entry of the mapping table would lead to what is essentially an overflow chain stored on the magnetic disc of records that are assigned to the hash bucket but which have not yet been archived on the optical disc. To improve efficiency  , and in particular space utilization   , implementing hashing for a file stored on a WORM disc will involve some degree of buffering on a magnetic disc for both the mapping table and the contents of hash buckets. These mapping matrices are calculated for a given coil arrangement by treating the coils as magnetic dipoles in space and are calibrated through workspace measurements as outlined in 11  , 10. where each element of I is current through each of the c coils  , B is a 3 × c matrix mapping these coil currents to the magnetic field vector B and B x   , B y   , B z are the 3 × c matrices mapping the coil currents to the magnetic field spatial gradients in the x  , y and z directions  , respectively. However  , since the thumb and the ATX are coupled by the position constraints at the attachment points  , a unique mapping can be achieved between the degrees of freedom of the thumb and the ATX leading to the redundancy of the coupled system the same as that of the thumb alone. Thus  , for a given task-space trajectory  , there will be an infinite number of possible joint-space trajectories for both the thumb and the ATX. These internal points are hidden within the polytope P and they do not contribute to manipulability information. Determining manipulability polytope requires the mapping of an n-dimensional polytope Q in joint space to an m-dimensional polytope P in task space by the transformation P = AQ with n > m. It is known that one part of the hypercube vertices becomes final zonotope vertices5  while the remainder become internal points of P . Using a known object model the interpolation of thi  , desired path can then be represented in the task space by a 3-D reconstruc­ tion or mapped directly to the image space. A desired path can be uniquely defined by chOOSing a particular decomposition of the 2-D homography or collineation mapping the projec­ tive displacement of the object features between the initial and final image poses. By performing a singular value decomposition 8 on the task space to sensor space Jacobian  , and analyzing the singular values of J and the eigenvectors of JTJ which result from the decomposition  , the directional properties of the ability of the sensor to resolve positions and orientations becomes apparent. The following sections briefly describe the derivation of the Jacobian mapping and analyze the Jacobian for various vision and force sensor configurations. From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. In the context of multi-robot coordination  , dynamic task allocation can be viewed as the selection of appropriate actions lo for each robot at each point in time so as to achieve the completion of the global task by the team as a whole. The 3D Tractus was designed to support direct mapping between its physical space to the task virtual space  , and can be viewed as a minimal and inexpensive sketch-based variant of the Boom Chameleon 14. The 3D Tractus height is being tracked using a simple sensor and the stylus surface position is tracked through a tablet PC or any other touch sensitive surface interface 5. Assuming that spatial and temporal facets of concepts are potentially useful not only in human understanding but also in computing applications  , we introduce a technique for automatically associating time and space to all concepts found in Wikipedia  , providing what we believe to be the largest scale spatiotemporal mapping of concepts yet attempted. When we read a story  , we place naturally characters in time and space that provide us with further context to understand. In addition to the object-oriented description of a perspective we define a navigation path where the navigation space is restricted depending on the selected perspective. The navigation space is defined by the semantic distance between the initial concept and other related concepts. While she uses salience values to describe a metric of object similarity  , we have chosen a fuzzy set approach for mapping user terminology to the represented domain knowledge  , described in more detail in Kracke@ 1. The manipulability polytope is also more practical when the maximum velocity and/or torque of each joint is given. In order to incorporate the curiosity information   , we create a user-item curiousness matrix C with the same size as R  , and each entry cu ,i denotes u's curiousness about item i. Specifically  , MFCF maps both users and items to a latent space  , denoted as R ≈ U T V   , where U ∈ R l×m and V ∈ R l×n with l < minm  , n  , represent the users' and items' mapping to the latent space  , respectively. When users ask for a particular region  , a small cube within the data space  , we can map all the points in the query to their index and evaluate the query conditions over the resulting rows. For example  , we could map the x  , y  , and z coordinates of a data point to a single integer by using a well-known mapping function or a space-filling curve and physically order the points by three attributes at the same time. For each document in X represented as one row in X  , the corresponding row in V explicitly gives its projection in V. A is sometimes called factor loadings and gives the mapping from latent space V to input space X . Each column of V corresponds to one latent variable or latent semantic  , and by V T V = I we constrain that they are uncorrelated and each has unit variance 1 . If intervals are represented more naturally   , as line segments in a two-dimensional value-interval space  , Guttman's R-tree 15  or one of its variants including R+-tree 29 and R*-tree 1  could be used. If only multidimensional points are supported  , as in the k-d-B-tree 27  , mapping an interval  , value pair to a triplet consisting of lower bound  , upper bound  , and value allows the intervals to be represented by points in threedimensional space. A sufficient condition is that the mapping defined by the task function between the sensor space and the configuration space is onto for each t within O ,T. We recall that the feasibility of a task defined by a task function and an initial condition lies in the existence of a solution F *  t  to the equation e@  , t  = 0 for each t within O  , TI. According to the Jordan Curve Theorem  , any closed curve homeomorphic t o a circle drawn around and in the vicinity of a given point on an orientable surface divides the surface into two separate domains for which the curve is their common boundaryll. Then  , Space uses the  Alloy Analyzer—an automatic bounded verifier for the Alloy language—to compare the specialized constraints to our pattern catalog which is also specified in Alloy. Space extracts the data exposures from an application using symbolic execution  , specializes the constraints on those exposures to the types of role-based access control using the mapping provided by the user  , and exports the specialized constraints to an Alloy specification. As this technique offers conceptual simplicity   , it will be pursued. As a request must search the Q buckets contained in the fraction of the volume of the address space as defined by the request  , one method of mapping to these buckets would be to generate all possible combinations of attribute sets containing the request attributes and map to the address space one to one for each possible combina- tion. Successively  , this germinal idea was further developed  , considering the dynamics a  , multiple arms 35  , defective systems and different motion capabilities of the robotic devices 6  , 83  , wire-based manipulators  , 9  , 101. So the joint-space trajectories of the thumb can be determined by the joint-space trajectories of the ATX and vice versa. In this paper we describe the 3D Tractus-based robotic interface  , with its current use for controlling a group of robots composed of independent AIBO robot dogs and virtual software entities. This is just one method of generating a query map  , if we look further at types of mappings  , we will realise that the possibilities are endless. Instead of calculating the document scores in the latent topic space  , we can use the mapping to extract related query terms from the topic space and use an inverted index to calculate the document scores in a faster time. Spatial databases have numerous applications  , including geographic information systems  , medical image databases ACF+94   , multimedia databases after extracting n features from each object  , and mapping it into a point in n-d space Jaggl  , FRM94  , as well as traditional databases  , where each record with n attributes can be considered as a point in n-dimensional space Giit94. fractional values for the dimensionality  , which are called fractal dimensions. In order to guarantee the fast retrieval of the data stored in these databases  , spatial access methods are typically used. HiSbase combines these techniques with histograms for preserving data locality  , spatial data structures such as the quad- tree 8 for efficient access to histogram buckets  , and space filling curves 6 for mapping histogram buckets to the DHT key space. HiSbase realizes a scalable information economy 1 by building on advances in proven DHT-based P2P systems such as Chord 10 and Pastry 7   , as well as on achievements in P2P-based query pro- cessing 4. L is the number of attributes in a request i~ L~ M . In this section  , we describe an example open-source application MediumClone and demonstrate how we used Space to find security bugs in its implementation. However they are not adequate to accurately estimate the actual performance achievable at the End Effector EE for two main reasons: the ellipsoids  , or 'hyperellipsoids' in R m   , derive from the mapping to the task space of hyperspheres in the normalized joint space  , while the set of joint performances is typically characterized by hypercubes  , i.e. respectively: closeness to singularity  , isotropicity of performances and maximum performance irrespectively of the direction mentioned above. Since a continuous state s ∈ S specifies the placement of objects  , one can determine whether or not the predicate holds at s. This interpretation of which predicates actually hold at a continuous state provides a mapping from the continuous space to the discrete space  , denoted as a function map S →Q : S → Q. As an example  , Onbook  , table holds iff the book is actually on the table. Moreover  , trajectories over S give meaning to the actions in the discrete specification. For the single stance motion  , we modify the animation motion to be suitable for the robot by 1 keeping the stance foot flat on the ground  , and 2 mapping the motion in the Euclidean space into the robot's configuration space. We do not generate target motions for the double support phase  , since it is relatively short and there is not much freedom in the motion since both feet remains at their positions. Using our fully decoupled tracker and mapper design and fast image space tracking  , we are able to compute the pose estimates on the MAV in constant time at 4.39 ms while building the growing global map on the ground station. We have divided the full SLAM problem into a fast monocular image space tracking MIST on the MAV and a keyframe-based smoothing and mapping on the ground station. The approach we take is to use an online optimization of one-step lmkahead  , choosing trajectories that maximize the space explored while minimizing the likelihood we will become lost on re-entering the map. If we choose trajectories that can explore the space rapidly but allow us to return to the mapped regions sufficiently often to avoid tracking errors or mapping errors  , then we can avoid such problems. each joint performance is bounded by +/-a maximum value; the ellipsoids are formulated using task space vectors that are not homogeneous from a dimensional viewpoint  , to take into account both translational and rotational performances; the weight matrices used to normalize do not provide unique results this problem had already been identified in 5. In such a case there is one dominant direction  , which is reflected in one slot  , see figure 3 -d. The advising orientation depends on the pq-histogram quadrant where the peak is found. The position of this peak will give us a rough estimate of the free space; that is  , there is a direct mapping between the location of peak in the histogram and the angle of the free space in the image  , see figure 3-d. A single pq-histogram returns only one orientation for the free space  , which is appropriate if we are observing a wall. Overall  , the mapping of linguistic properties of the quotes in the latent bias space is surprisingly consistent  , and suggest that out-an longer  , variable period of time 32. On the negative end of the spectrum  , corresponding to international outlets  , we find words such as countries  , international  , relationship  , alliance and country names such as Iran  , China  , Pakistan  , and Afghanistan. We do not describe the mechanism of such automation due to the scope and the space limitation of this paper. the mapping from the stereotyped association to ModelElements that can reify the association can be defined formally with OCL 23 and thus allow automatically checking whether a given UML model is an instance of a given pattern. The proliferation of generated components is the main limitation of the naive method-to-component mapping. The component taxonomy can come to the rescue here-if we use it to produce a convenient number of reasonably efficient generic components that is  , a suitably parameterized component for judiciously chosen points in the space. The results 812 were encouraging but mixed and revealed some shortcomings of the AspectJ design with respect to its usability in this context. To ease the design and evolution of integrated systems  , mapping of the mediator approach into the design space of AspectJ 1 was attempted. Notice that it is possible for two distinct search keys to be mapped to the same point in the k-dimensional space under this mapping. We shall refer to the resultant multi-dimensional index structure as the bitstring-augmented multi-dimensional index. Schema mappings are inserted at the key space corresponding to the source schema at the overlay layer – or at the key spaces corresponding to both schemas if the mapping is bidirectional: U pdateSchema M apping ≡ U pdateSource Schema Key  , Schema M apping. Queries are then reformulated by replacing the predicates with the definition of their equivalent or subsumed predicates view unfolding. They use minimal space  , providing that the size is known in advance or that growth is not a problem e.g. , that one can somehow use the underlying mapping hardware of virtual memory to make the array grow gracefully. Existing Index Structures Arrays are used as index structures in IBM's OBE project Amma85. By mapping one-dimensional intervals to a two-dimensional space  , we illustrate that the problem of indexing uncertainty with probabilities is significantly harder than interval indexing  , which is considered a well-studied problem. We then change our focus to study the theoretical complexity of indexing uncertainty  , and argue that there is no formerly known optimal solution that is applicable to this problem. In the information visualization field  , mapping of data variables on the display space is often performed by means of visual attributes like color  , transparency  , object size  , or object position. A solution for visualizing icon-based cluster content summaries combined with graph layouts can be found in 8 from the information visualization research field. The local internal schema consists of a logical schema  , storage schema  , level schema. The physical schema describes the mapping of data to the memory stora e space managed by the operating system The hlg 3 level schema is a description of an application data view and it describes the next local conceptual schema in detail. The error involved in such an assignment will increase as the difference in effective table sizes between the new query and the leader increases. It is only if the cluster's space is covered by more than one plan  , that there will be an error in prediction because all the queries mapping to this cluster will be assigned the plan associated with the query leader. Within these triangles  , users were asked to compare the three systems by plotting a point closest to the best performing system  , and furthest from the worst. Space does not permit a detailed description of the experiment  , but Figure 6provides a summary by mapping out participants' responses to two questions: which system made tasks easiest to complete  , and which system they preferred overall. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. Polynomial Semantic Indexing 232 PSI. For example  , the question string " Where is the Hudson River located ? " In order to generate queries providing high precision coverage of the answer space for a given question  , custom rules were developed providing a mapping from a given question type to a set of paraphrasing patterns which would generate alternative queries. That mapping is probably the most direct  , but it leaves a number of Figure 8: Grah representation for a tetrahedral truss structure with 102 struts shown in Figure 1 empty cells. However  , the large number of cells necessary for precise mapping results in time-consuming grid update procedures. In certainty grids space is represented by a grid with each cell holding a value corresponding to the probability that an obstacle is located in that region. The master workspace was transformed into a cylindrical shaped space to assist the operator in maintaining smooth motion along a curved surface. The method of variable mapping of master t o slave motion was successfully applied to manipulation assistance in a cylindrical environment. Finally  , we introduce two applications of ILM that bring out its potential: first  , Diffusion Mapping is an approach where a highly redundant team of simple robots is used to map out a previously unknown environment  , simply by virtue of recording the localization and line-of-sight traces  , which provide a detailed picture of the navigable space. in the solution. This trajectory  , moreover  , is generate in advance. In case of the NEC PC-9821Bp 486DX2-66MHz  , the mapping of the obstacles and the possible motion area from the workspace to the posture space totally takes about 20 minutes  , however  , the generation of the obstacle avoidance trajectory only takes 0.36 seconds. However  , our experience with doing this using an optimal control approach is that the computational cost of adding many obstacles can be significant. The RRC manipulator used in this task is equipped with a Multibus-based servo control unit located in a separate cabinet. This extender allows a high-speed bidirectional shared memory interface between the two buses by mapping the memory locations used by the Multibus directly into the memory space of the PC. Since there is no natural mapping of documents to vectors in this setting  , the procedure for posts is similar. To create the topic vectors in this word-centric vector space  , we compute a weighted sum of words from the previously computed sensitive topic distributions . However  , most existing research on semantic hashing is only based on content similarity computed in the original keyword feature space. Most importantly  , the manipulability definitions are independent of the choice of parametrization for these two spaces  , as well as the kinematic mapping. For example  , the actuator characteristics are reflected in the choice of a Riemannian metric for the joint and tool frame configuration space manifolds  , or one can even include inertial parameters in the Riemannian metric to obtain a formulation for dynamic manipulablilit-y. Due to the geometrical structure of the state space and the nature of the Jacobian mapping between joint velocities and rates of change of a behavioral variable see eq. The forcelet erected over the control variables for each behavioral goal accelerates the joint angles in a direction that changes the behavioral variable in the desired way. Having a single groundstation supporting multiple low-cost MAVs while building a single globally consistent map may be a trivial solution to creating a centralized multi-robot system. Tightening the bounds in the same figure by more frequent archiving will lead to a large improvement in our model. Higher primates  , including humans  , exhibit a space-variant pattern in which the highest resolution is concentrated in the center of the field of view  , called the fovea  , with uniformly decreasing resolution to the periphery of the field of view. On the other hand  , the inverse kinematic method has symbolic solutions only in types of manipulator kinematics 7. However  , this method -be it symbolic or numerical -is attractive because of the direct mapping from the workspace to joint space  , fixing most of the aforementioned problems of the resolved motion method. The outer radius rout is defined by the smallest circumscribed sphere with the reference point of the robot as its center. On-line control command is calculated mapped from the learned lookup table with the on-line sampled new sensor signals. Summarizing  , in this paper we present a framework for solving efficiently the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multi-dimensional quasi-identifiers to 1-D space. 21 are worse in terms of information loss and they are considerably slower. In the context of a search engine  , inverted index compression encoding is usually infrequent compared to decompression decoding   , which must be performed for every uncached query. Although we have to store a mapping table for fast block locating  , the extra space occupied by it is much smaller than that used by the inverted index itself. During the mapping of FMSVs  , the most effective heuristic feature sets are selected to ensure reasonable prediction accuracy. 3 and to map text information into DVs for social information related music dimensions 13  , a supervised learning based scheme  , called CompositeMap  , is developed to generate a new feature space. In order to establish a representation of the environment configuration  , we transformed the calculated depth to a safety distribution histogram. By a random exploration which is limited  , according to the low mobility  , the system will associate perceptive sktes and sequences of action that pennit to reach its goal particular context. This is another issue that has seen a great deal of exploratory research  , including studies of offices and real desks 6. In our system  , tags provide an additional basis for mapping the document space  , reflecting our focus on the organization of a local workspace. For example  , pattern matching classes that encode multi- DoF motions 22 or force functions for each joint 9; or direct control within a reduced dimensionality space 14. Recent academic work within the field of simultaneous control thus has emphasized alternative mapping paradigms. For example  , a mapping in the coordinate space of a dictionary which contains two identical elements would result in two identical coefficients  , each corresponding to the contribution of one of the identical dictionary elements. In the current work we adopt a centroid-based representation  , where every dimension v i ,j corresponds to the distance between the contour point s i ,j and the contour's mass center. However  , our study shows that fractal dimensions have promising properties and we believe that these dimensions are important as such. This means that the methods in this paper do not provide a mapping to a lower-dimensional space  , and hence traditional applications  , such as feature reduction  , are not directly possible. They also use a query-pruning technique  , based on word frequencies  , to speed up query execution. Iceberg queries 7 uments and their associated term frequencies in relational tables  , as well as for mapping boolean and vector-space queries into standard SQL queries. For example  , outlets on the conservative side of the latent ideological spectrum are more likely to select Obama's quotes that contain more negations and negative sentiment  , portraying an overly negative character. By mapping the quotes onto the same latent space  , our method also reveals how the systematic patterns of the media operate at a linguistic level. The constraints associated with these exposures and the user-provided mapping are passed through a constraint specializer  , which re-casts the constraints in terms of the types in our pattern catalog. Space uses symbolic execution to extract the set of data exposures 25 from the source code of a Ruby on Rails application. Then  , Space uses the Alloy Analyzer to perform automatic bounded verification that each data exposure allowed by the application is also allowed by our catalog. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive We examined the code of the applications in our experiment for precisely this situation—security policies intended based on evidence in the code itself to be more restrictive than the corresponding patterns in our catalog—and found none. Q4 no results presented due to lack of space features the 'BEFORE' predicate which may be expensive to evaluate. We remark that System C also uses a data mapping in the spirit of 23  that results in comparatively simple and efficient execution plans and thus outperforms all other systems for Q2 and Q3. This makes it very difficult for GA to identify the correct mapping for an item. This happens because the space of possible one-to-n mappings is huge and it is possible to find many candidate mappings having similar i.e. , slightly lower fitness value. Figure 2shows a simple example of query reformulation. Thus  , LSH can be employed to group highly similar blocks in buckets  , so that it suffices it compare blocks contained in the same bucket. In our case  , blocks are the items that are represented in the high-dimensional space of E or E 1 and E 2  through Block Mapping. To avoid epoch numbers from growing without bound and consuming extra space  , we plan to " reclaim " epochs that are no longer needed. To allow users to refer to a particular realworld time when their query should start  , we maintain a table mapping epoch numbers to times  , and start the query as of the epoch nearest to the user-specified time. To handle this sort of problem  , space-filling curves as Z-order or Hilbert curves  , for instance  , have been successfully engaged for multi-dimensional indexing in recent years 24 . Based on the findings from our evaluations  , we propose a hybrid approach that benefits from the strength of the graph-based approach in visualising the search space  , while attempting to balance the time and effort required during query formulation using a NL input feature. Their methodology is based on mapping the underlying domain ontologies into views  , which facilitates view-based search. This system may be implemented in SMART using the set of modules shown in figure 4. If the joint torque signal provides a poor measure of the tool contact forces  , then a force sensor may be used in conjunction with the master  , but the forces from the sensor must be brought into joint space by mapping through the manipulator Jacobian. 2  , this direction changes during movement  , even in the absence of other perturbations. Therefore  , we can control the closed-chain system with the same control structure in Equation This immediately provides an important result; the dynamically consistent null space mapping matrix for the closed-chain system is the same as the one for the open-chain system   , N in Equation 9. The time savings would be crucial in real-world applications when the category space is much larger and a real-time response of category ranking is required . The actual mapping time was reduced from 2.2 CPU seconds per document to 0.40 seconds. But since only partial term-document mapping is preserved  , a loss in retrieval performance is inevitable. This technique was proposed to mitigate the efficiency issue caused by operating a large index  , for that a smaller index loads faster  , occupies less disk space  , and has better query throughput. The expected disc space consumption for a buffered hashing organization BHash for WORM optical d.iscs is analyzed in 191. The " new " records will be merged with the old logically undeleted ones already bon the optical disc and written together on new tracks; the mapping table will also be updated to reflect the changes. Based on that  , a bridging mapping is learned to seamlessly connect these individual hamming spaces for cross-modal hashing . In this paper  , we propose a novel technique by learning distinct hamming space so as to well preserve the flexible and discriminative local structure of each modality. In addition  , superposition events come with a flexible way in quantifying how much evidence the observation of dependency κ brings to its component terms. The proposed mapping allows for the representation of relationships within a group of terms by creating a new quantum event in the same n-dimensional space. The order of this list was fixed to give a one-to-one mapping of distinct terms and dimensions of the vector space. Given the entire collection of shots  , we obtained a list of all of the distinct terms that appear in the ASR for the collection. Secondly  , transaction language constructs should be functions in the logic such that transactions can be represented as expressions mapping states to states that can be composed to form new transactions . The set of states should characterize the space of database evolution. This section contains the results of running several variations of the traversal portion of the 001 benchmark using the small benchmark database of 20 ,000 objects. Given our understanding of how OS works  , we believe this is partially due to the overhead of mapping data into the client's address space. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. , in terms of purity and precision. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. As shown in Table 4  , the proposed methods outperformed TF*IDF in terms of multiple metrics. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. Hence we propose three fusion methods to combine the two quantities by addition and multiplication: 1. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. The two are related quantities with different focuses. While LIB uses binary term occurrence to estimate least information a document carries in the term  , LIF measures the amount of least information based on term frequency. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. Whereas LIF well supported recall  , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin  , particularly in terms of purity  , precision  , and rand index. In all experiments on the four benchmark collections  , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. In addition  , whereas KL is infinite given extreme probabilities e.g. , for rare terms  , the amount of least information is bounded by the number of inferences. Experiments on several benchmark collections showed very strong per-formances of LIT-based term weighting schemes. LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. As discussed  , the LIB quantity is similar in spirit to IDF inverse document frequency whereas LIF can be seen as a means to normalize TF term frequency. In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. We derive two basic quanti-ties  , namely LI Binary LIB and LI Frequency LIF  , which can be used separately or combined to represent documents. By quantifying the amount of information required to explain probability distribution changes  , the proposed least information theory LIT establishes a new basic information quantity and provides insight into how terms can be weighted based on their probability distributions in documents vs. in the collection. We answer this question quantitatively in Section 6. The number of in-memory sorts needed is exponential in k. This exponential factor is unavoidable  , because the width of the search lattice of the datacube is exponential in k. It remains to be seen whether or not the exponential CPU time dominates the I/O time in practice. However  , the key issue is doing this efficiently for practical cases. As with any program synthesis technique which fundamentally involve search over exponential spaces  , the cost of our technique is also worst case exponential in the size of the DSL. This optimization is performed first by noticing that the exponential loss En+m writes: The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. Stack Search Maximizing Eq. Applying an exponential utility function u ′ > 0 and u ′′ < 0 2 gives the mapping function as: The window provides us with a safety frame that guides the search in a promising direction. To prevent exponential grown  , the size of the window is limited. iv The large volume of ESI needed to be handled has also been known to lead to suboptimal performance with traditional IR solutions that may need to search hundreds or thousands of individual search indexes when performing an investigative search. One reason for this practice may be the exponential growth in informational records grows at exponential rates which may contribute to higher overall discovery costs for organizations. 1 also indicate an exponential increase in the number of web services over the last three years. The statistics published by the web services search engine Seekda! We tackle i using heuristic search -a well known technique for dealing with combinatorial search spaces. This is computationally hard and has two main sources of complexity: i combinatorial explosion of possible compositions  , and ii worst-case exponential reasoning. an exhaustive search is not practical for high number of input attributes. the size of the search space increases in a strong exponential manner as the number of input attributes grows  141  , i.e. The search technique needs to be combined with an estimator that can quantify the predictive ability of a subset of attributes. Since the space is exponential in the number of attributes   , heuristic search techniques can be used. The outliers tend to be inputs in which the user has specified an action in an exceptionally redundant manner. In our experiment  , the search workload under the fixed workload scheme is set to be 2500 50 generations with 50 individuals in each generation  and is stipulated by workload function w = ϕ 2 in The time complexity may now become exponential with respect to ϕ as long as the workload function is an exponential function w.r.t ϕ. As in relational databases  , where the problem of large search space is mainly caused by join series  , in OODBMS the search space of a query is exponential according to the length of path expressions. The number of execution plans explored by the optimizer depend on the' applied search strategy. The RAND-WALK agent impkments a completely randomized search strategy  , which has been shown to have a search complexity that is exponential in the number of state-action pairs in the system 2  , lo. Search complexity refers to the number of steps taken to initially locate a goal state. With the exponential growth of information on the Web  , search engine has become an indispensable tool for Web users to seek their desired information. Experimental results are discussed in Section 4 and conclusion is made in Section 5. However  , it is never Copyright is held by the International World Wide Web Conference Committee IW3C2. However  , the problem of finding optimal plans remains a difficult one. By making objects a part of the domain model  , SPPL planner avoids unnecessary grounding and symmetries  , and the search space is reduced by an exponential factor as a result. For example  , our Mergesort branch policy still leaves an exponential search for worst-case executions. 3 The generators found by WISE may not prune enough executions for larger input sizes. As we hypothesized  , the rate parameter of the exponential in Eq. Turning to the models proposed in this paper  , the BEX approach alleviated the risk of temporal conditioning of search results for in comparison to EXP. A query task classification system was also employed  , based on 32 words indicative of home page search such as 'home' or 'homepage'. Fusion was by CombMNZ with exponential z-score normalisation. Watchpoint descriptions begin with a list of module names. Allowing disconnected sub-ensembles would imply an exponential search through all subsets of the total ensemble  , and distributing information between the members of these subsets would require significant multi-hop messaging. These search based methods work only for low-dimensional systems because their time/space complexity is exponential in the dimension of the explored set. Similar methods have been used for kinodynamic planning 17  , 18  , 61. For a given sample data set  , the number of possible model structures which may fit the data is exponential in the number of variables ' . We have tested three greedy search strategies: In our experience of applying Pex on real-world code bases  , we identify that Pex cannot explore the entire program due to exponential path-exploration space. Which branching points are flipped next depends on the chosen search strategy  , such as depth-first search DFS or breadth-first search BFS. Existing DSE tools alleviate path explosion using search strategies and heuristics that guide the search toward interesting paths while pruning the search space. The number of feasible paths can be exponential in the program size  , or even infinite in the presence of inputdependent loops. We also embedded the collision detection method within a search routine to generate collision-free paths. As each evaluated state in the search requires execution of a collision detection method  , an efficient method will effectively reduce the magnitude of the base of the exponential relationship  , significantly improving the time performance of the search. Practically  , it is impossible to search all subgraphs that appear in the database. First  , there is an exponential number of subgraphs to examine in the model graph database  , most of which are not contrastive at all. This reduces the computational complexity from 0  2 ~  to oN~ or from exponential computational time to polynomial computational time  121. This optimal change forms the new state of the system and the search procedure repeats until convergence. Frequent closed itemsets search space is exponential to |I| i.e. , 2 I   , which requires huges space for long pattern datasets. Property 1 Let Y be an identifier tidset of a cluster C. Then Y is closed. To solve the problems optimally  , it requires an exponential search. Because this problem requires that the number of customer segments to be limited  , we call it the bounded segmentation problem BSP. The problem of selecting a predictive attribute subset Ω ⊆ C can be attacked as a search problem where each state in the search space represents a distinct subset of C 10 . Zweig and Chang 43 found that the use of Model M exponential n-gram language model with personalization features improved the speech recognition performance on Bing voice search. 31 described a system for Mandarin Chinese voice search and reported " excellent performance on typical spoken search queries under a variety of accents and acoustic conditions. " The current Web is largely document-centric hypertext. Early signs of such trends are visible with Google and Microsoft providing Twitter based search results for real-time events  , and exponential growth of tools like Yelp and Foursquare. Unlike the univariate approach  , the tuning of covariance matrix Q has an exponential search space  , since we need to simultaneously set all diagonal elements. The noise covariance matrix Q can be also learned by off-line tuning. 26 introduces a way to empirically search for an exponential model for the documents. However  , the Poisson model in their paper is still under the document generation framework   , and also does not account for the document length variation. It can be shown that the number of possible decompositions i.e. These conditions are easily checked  , but the exponential number of partitions m must be fairly large to allow decryption renders ex- haustive search impossible. As any binary string can be obtained with equal likelihood as any In the worst case  , the search for all possible alliances in order to not miss any solution to the original problem reintroduces exponential complexity. The broad-brush effect can be eliminated by identifying such alliances and grouping them together. The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. +  are normalization factors such that Dt+1 and˜Dt+1and˜ and˜Dt+1 remain probability distributions. When dealing with a human figure  , the notion of naturalness will come into consideration. With backtracking   , the worst case is that we have to search through the whole tree and the run time become exponential. Finding locally optimal solutions in this respect would be a logical approach and is the subject of current research. Understandably  , model refinement implies exponential enhancement in the search space where the solution should be found. With about 32 degree of freedom DOfs to be determined for each frame  , there is the potential of exponential compl exity evaluating such a high dimensional search space. I. Theoretically  , the number of paths is exponential in the user-assigned search depth. Each node in the tree containing the image of all reachable states from the initial node along the path. Further advances in compositional techniques 26  , pruning redundant paths 7  , and heuristics search 9 ,40 are needed. A significant scalability challenge for symbolic execution is how to handle the exponential number of paths in the code. Using an exponential distribution to accomplish a blending of time and language model Eq. On the other hand  , a time-only ranking as used by Twitter search fails to capture differences in tweets' relevance to the query. From Table 1  , we can see that the search space for optimizing a path expression is exponential to the path length. Heuristic Rule for DFF : Select DFF from Ci to Cj iff one ,of the following condition holds : l The heuristic-search has the exponential computational complexity at the worst case. The amount of computation depends not only on the number of parts and how they are interconnected  , but also on the solution to AND/OR graph. Because of the size of the graph  , this requires exponential time to solve using standard graph search techniques. The reason is that for any number of modules n  , the number of connected configurations possible appears to be exponential in n. To find a optimal sequeiice of configurations leading from the initial configuration to the final configuration is akin to finding the shortest path in a graph consisting of such configurations as vertices . However  , Grimson lo has shown that in the gencpal case  , where spurious m e a surements can arise  , the amount of search needed to find the hest interpretation is still exponential. The use of geometric constraints and branch and hound search dramatically reduces the numbet of nodes explored  , by cutting down entire branches of the tree. A distributed e-library is perhaps best explained as a huge  , global database  , where search engines or directory services act as the indexes to information see  , Figure 11. Despite the exponential growth of Web content  , we believe the relevance of content returned by search engines will improve as query options will become more flexible. To tame this exponential growth  , we use a beam search heuristic: in each iteration  , we save only the best β number of ungrounded rules and pass them to the next iteration. As the size of the rule search space increases exponentially with the number of variables in ungrounded rules  , enumerating rules quickly becomes infeasible for longer rules. However  , for most practical problems  , solutions are easier to find and such search is not neces- sary. The organization of this paper is described as follows . Most importantly  , a GA embedded search based dynamic scheduling strategy is proposed to produce a feasible and near-optimal schedule to resolve the conventional problem with exponential growth of search time vs. the problem size. Even though this bmte-force approach  , unlike the other work mentioned above  , guarantees optimality and completeness  , it k n o t practical for larger scale problems because of its computational complexity  , which is exponential in the number of moving droplets. In IX  , this author described the problem as a graph search  , and suggested search techniques such as A'. While the real-time feature of the presented collision detection method is not essential in planning applications   , there are performance rewards for efficient collision detection. This is especially important  , since the search space is exponential and the number of MDS patterns present in the data may also be very large. Hence  , any bottom up mining strategy needs to employ extra techniques for pruning the search space. Due to its exponential complexity  , exhaustive search is only feasible for very simple queries and is implemented in few research DBMSs  , mainly for performance comparison purposes. However  , they differ in exploration of the search space and the size of the portion explored. Search engine developers are well aware of the inadequacy of literal string matching as a method for finding relevant content  , and people are hard at work on creating better tools. If the query optimizer can immediately find the profitable nary operators to apply on a number of collections  , the search space will be largely reduced since those collections linked by the nary operator can be considered as one single collection. An exhaustive search method that evaluates all the possible  i 0 values can require a total of r n combinations which is exponential with n and can require a large amount of calculation time. With respect to the number of goals and resolution  , the size of the search space is n·r. As the exponential growth of web pages and online documents continues  , there is an increasing need for retrieval systems that are capable of dealing with a large collection of documents and at the same time narrowing the scope of the search results not only relevant documents but also relevant passages or even direct answers. Some of its successful applications include library catalogue search  , medical record retrieval  , and Internet search engines e.g. , Google. They adjust an exponential discount model to the expected quality of a search experience  , based on the session information. They assume that session records tell success or failure stories of users who became competent questioners  , given a topic and a search system  , or went astray: a search experience is poised to be rewarding for a 'good' user  , while the experience of a 'bad' user will be negative. In modern query optimizer architectures FV94  , FG94  , different components are driven by different search strategies; thus  , it would be useful to have a special combination of strategies for optimizing path expressions . Thus we anticipate the information organization to soon occur  , not via 'URLs' but rather via 'event tags' and across 'geo-locations'. The restricted search space has still an exponential size with respect to dimensionality  , which makes enumeration impossible for higher dimensionalities. For our following considerations  , we restrict the projections to the class of axes-parallel projections   , which means that we are searching for meaningful combinations of dimensions attributes. In section 4 we show that for common scenarios there is significant benefit to nevertheless search for the best cost minimal reformulation. In contrast  , obtaining a minimal reformulation can take worst case exponential time in the size of the universal plan  , if the backchase has to inspect many subqueries before finding it. Unfortunately  , it is well known that the generation of the reachability tree takes exponential time for the general case. If a PN is a valid model of an FMS  , the scheduling problem may be translated into a search problem of finding a desired path with the lowest cost makespan in a graph structure that is the PN reachability tree Murata 1989. They use this model to generate a set of weights for terms from past queries  , terms from intermediate ranked lists and terms from clicked documents  , yielding an alternative representation of the last query in a session. If the moving direction keeps the same in the iterations  , the step increases faster than an exponential function and is given by iteration the search span at the moving direction  , a is the Fig. Notice that with the inner loop involving Step 4-7  , the moving step of the base point ,towards the minimum point increases very fast. The approach to searching these huge spaces has been to apply heuristics to effectively reduce the extent of the space. For an n clof manipulator  , the search space is exponential in n  , resulting in n * X states for a discretization x. The salient feature in timeld-automata formalism that is clocks enable us to refine the models and hence enhance our ability to address additional issues such as optimal solutions with respect to time or steps for a coordination problem involving different robots with different dynamic behaviours. A simple chemical data set of 300 molecules can require many hours to mine when the user specifies a low support threshold. A major challenge in substructure mining is that the search space is exponential with respect to the data set  , forcing runtimes to be quite long. This occurs because a worst-case Mergesort execution must alternate between the two sides of a critical conditional  , but our generator can only capture that worst-case paths are always permitted to take either branch. This suggests that using the m most recent queries as the the search context for generating recommendations will likely introduce off-topic information  , causing recommendations that seem out of place. Using a labeled sample of the AOL query log  , we observed an exponential decrease in the likelihood that the previous m queries are part of the same task as m increases see Figure 3. For taking the rank into consideration  , an exponential decay function with half-life α = 7 is proposed by Ziegler et al. Moreover  , score assigned to a leaf category qx also depends on the rank of referrals to qx: The topmost search results are assigned higher scores than those occurring towards the end of the list. Even then  , the exhaustive search is lirmted in the range and resolution of the weights considered  , and often has to be approximated by either gradient-descent or decomposmon techniques. The complexity of this approach is exponential in the number of weights  , and consequently it cannot be used with more than a few such parameters. The complexity of the planner is exponential on the number of joints  , and is of the order of Mn2nu   , where A4 is the discretization of the rectangular grid. The A  , P  , and AP surfaces are mapped to an n-dimensional grid implemented as an n-tree  , and the search for a trajectory with minimum cost is performed in this grid. Frequent substructures may provide insight into the behavior of the molecule  , or provide a direction for further investigation8. To find out the best model structure from this huge space  , an efficient search strategy is highly demanded. Heuristic search aspires to solve this problem efficiently by utilizing background knowledge encoded in a heuristic function. Exhaustively searching all the states in graph G can be extremely time consuming due to the problem of combinatorial complexity exponential growth in n. After fitting a combination of exponential and Weibull models to their data  , they report that roughly 10% of inter-modification intervals are 10 days or less and roughly 72% are 100 days or less. More recently  , Brewington & Cybenko consider the burden that modification rates place on search engines 9 . To put this into perspective  , even for the simple snowflake example with 12 nodes  , the size of the lattice is 1024 and the size of the game tree is 1024 factorial the amount of time required to search the game tree  , an astronomically large number. In particular  , this is because computing an SPNE is typically exponential in the size of the lattice. In order to prevent this exponential increase of the planning time for queries with many patterns  , we use a greedy query optimizer when the number of patterns in the query is greater than a fixed number. This means that the search space exploration time complexity is Ologn * 2 |q| . Then the document scores and their new ranks are transformed using exponential function and logarithmic function respectively. To score a resource  , CiSS gathers documents belong to that resource in the search result list  , and generates a new rank of them based on their relative order. In order to deal with configuration similarity under limited time  , Papadias et al. The only approach that could be employed is systematic search  17 18  , which due to the worst case exponential cost is not guaranteed to terminate within reasonable time. In Section 5 we present a technique based on analyzing the properties of ideal queries  , and using those observations to prune the option search space. Such a technique is difficult to realize in practice due to the exponential number of options that need to be analyzed. In this work  , we take advantage of the advancement in speech recognition  , to explore a high-quality transcribed query log  , but do not delve into speech recognition aspects. Specifically  , it was shown empirically that the score distributions on a per query basis may be fitted using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. We have demonstrated how to model the score distributions of a number of text search engines. In order to avoid this situation  , most researchers 1623 focus on a special case where all images/frames contain exactly the same set of labeled objects. First  , the complexity of the problem is  , in general  , exponential 25 and systematic search through the whole solution space does not guarantee worst case performance. Along the line of similar studies  , the statistics suggest an exponential growth of pages on the WWW. This estimate is computed by extrapolating the total number of pages in a search engines index from known or computed word frequencies of common words 1 . In general  , in the worst case we would need to look at all possible subsets of triples an exponential search space even for the simplest queries. Even though there is a single continuous period 1993–2010  , it is represented in two different triples that both intersect the interval in the query 1997  , 2003. OPTIMIZED uses memoization to avoid this exponential explosion: it never expands a rule more than once per query. BASELINE is significantly more sensitive to the number of levels: increasing the number of levels could increase the search space for the expansion exponentially in the number of rules. During the past decade colleges and universities have witnessed an exponential growth in digital information available for teaching and learning. The paper describes two applications – Visual Understanding Environment VUE  , a concept mapping application and Tufts Digital Library Search that successfully interface with this architecture to use the content of the repository. Consider now a database with numerous  , medium or large images where users can ask any type of queries i.e. , with non-fixed variables using variable relation schemes. We first show that the score distributions for a given query may be modeled using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. In this paper we model score distributions of text search engines using a novel approach. In these conditions   , the interpretation tree approach seems impracticable except for very small maps. However  , the discretized equations of motion can be formulated in such way that most of the operations can be precomputed. If the size of d is p the number of alternatives then after n steps there are pn possible target configurations  , so the search space is exponential. With a case-base on the order of ten cases  , we were able to solve a set of ASG tasks which otherwise require exponential time because of the spatial properties involved. We have shown a successful application of casebased search in the domain of assembly sequence generation . Figure 3shows the scalability of All-Significant-Pairs and LiveSet-Driven with respect to various gradient thresholds . The gradient threshold is set to ½¾  , the number of bins to ¿ and the number of probes to ¼. LiveSet-Driven achieves good scalability by pruning many cells in the search whereas All-Significant- Pairs checks a huge number of pairs of cells  , thus requires exponential runtime. This is a very important issue since if the rules were applied in an unordered and exhaustive manner there would be the problem of exponential explosion of the search space. In this section we introduce the governing strategies and mechanisms utilized in our query optimizer. Problems that are easily solved by SPPL planner can at the same time be very difficult for the best general AI planners. The occurrence of sub-itemsets in the search space is a threat when answer completeness is required. The maximal property overcomes some of the challenges of the other itemset mining approaches  , such as the possibility of producing an exponential number of frequent sub-itemsets. sheet approach all require user examination to discard unintended mappings 8  with extra effort devoted to search for mappings not automatically generated missed mappings. The changes are introduced into the XML 6 A necessarily exponential-time procedure  , in general unless P = NP. In representing distributed error conditions  , we make a key assumption: the error must be able to be represented by a fixed-size  , connected sub-ensemble of robots in specific states. T Query arrival rate described by an exponential distribution with mean 1/λ  , T = λ. ts Seek plus latency access time  , ms/postings list  , ts = 4 throughout. The i th of the M machines has ci cores used for shard search across the pi shards allocated to it  , and if allowed for resource selection and result merging. To allow larger distances to increase backtracking capability and avoid the exponential explosion  , a maximum number of markings is allowed at each level. Even for a small distance between top and bottom levels of the search window  , the number of markings will grow exponentially as the window advances. The second challenge is that the MDS's frequency threshold cannot be set as high as it is in frequent subsequence mining. The straightforward exhaustive search is apparently infeasible to this problem  , especially for highdimensional datasets. Unfortunately  , due to the exponential growth of the number of subspaces with respect to the dimension of the dataset  , the problem of outlying subspace detection is NPhard by nature. The perplexity of tweet d is given by the exponential of the log likelihood normalized by the number of words in a tweet. Tweets relevant to the event e are then ranked in ascending order with lower perplexity being more relevant to event e. Using the perplexity score instead of keyword search from each topic allows us to differentiate between the importance of different words using the inferred probabilities. In contrast  , the proposed approach in this paper leverages the exponential character of the probabilistic quadtree to dramatically reduce the state space  , which also benefits the Fig. In order to achieve the desired search objective at the required resolution i.e. , detection of a target within unit area  , the state space for a uniform grid is necessarily L × L  , or in the presented example  , 256 2 = 65  , 536 nodes. In this section  , we show how to normalize a tRDF database — later  , in Section 6  , we will show experimentally that normalization plays a big part in evaluating queries efficiently at the expense of a small increase in the storage space. Our analytical model has these features:  Pages have finite lifetime following an exponential distribution Section 5.1. Given that a modern search engines appear to be strongly influenced by popularity-based measures while ranking results  , and b users tend to focus their attention primarily on the top-ranked results 11 ,13  , it is reasonable to assume that the expected visit rate of a page is a function of its current popularity as done in 5: If n is small and d is a finite and countable set then the distribution may be computed numerically by evaluating the possible sequences of actions  , computing the resultant final configurations  , and storing the associated probabilities in a data structure. Although abstract action models capture the world dynamics compactly  , using them for planning is challenging: the state space in relational domains is exponential in the number of objects  , the search space of action sequences is huge  , and reasoning about actions is aggravated by the their stochasticity. In our work  , we use a rule-based model  , namely noisy indeterministic rules 9 which are particularly appealing  , as they can be learned effectively from experience. The key feature of the prophet graph  , is that we can use it to compute the solution to the query without having to refer to the original graph G. Though PRO-HEAPS still has exponential computational complexity in the worst case  , in practice it is able to execute queries in real time as shown in our Section 4. This heuristic then guides an A* search  , which takes place directly on the prophet graph. The ontology building experience in my Grid suggests the need of automated tools that support the ontology curator in his work  , especially now with the exponential increase of the number of bioinformatics services. 3 http://oiled.man.ac.uk 4 http://www.hgmp.mrc.ac.uk/Software/EMBOSS/Apps/ A part of this ontology  , further referred to as the application ontology  , provides concepts for annotating web service descriptions in a forms based annotation tool Pedro 5 and is subsequently used at discovery time with or without reasoning to power the search 25. Because NDCG focuses on ranking for top pairs  , it is extensively used to measure and compare the performances of rankers or search engines. As an example  , suppose if we have 100 pairs on the scene to grasp and if we misclassify top 5 pairs  , we might just end up with a classifier with 95% classification accuracy; whereas  , if we use NDCG as the measure with k = 10  , i.e. , we care only about top 10 pairs  , because Φ has an exponential component  , any misranking of the top pairs will result in a bigger loss for N DCG 10 . Our approach differs in three ways: our method for finding the internal grasp force can be carried on efficiently during the computation of the robot dynamics 9; we use a penalty-based optimization rather than a potentially exponential search; and we deal directly with the frictional constraints  , which requires knowing or estimating only the coefficient of kinetic friction between the fin ers and the grasped object. Bicchi simulated the frictional constraints using a set virtual springs  , and a stiffness matrix representing the elasticity of the object . Collaborative Tagging systems have become quite popular in recent years. Furthermore  , based on this index structure  , Tagster incorporates a tag-based user characterization that takes into account the global tag statistics for better navigation and ranking of resources. £ View matching must be integrated with cost-based plan enumeration. However  , there are a number of requirements that differ from the traditional materialized view context. To exploit statistics on views we can leverage existing system infrastructure built to support materialized views. When tuples are deleted from a view or a relation  , the effect must be propagated to all " higher-level " views defined on the view/relation undergoing the deletion. The traditional way of removing data from materialized views is deletion. First we illustrate the problem and its solution in the presence of hash indices or in the absence of indices on the materialized view. In this section  , we illustrate the split group duplicate problem that arises if we ignore this subtle difference between materialized view maintenance and the " traditional " associative/commutative update problems studied by Korth Kor83 and others. Thus  , for materialized views  , it may be adequate to limit support to a subclass of common operations where view substitution has a large query execution payoff. In the context of traditional materialized views  , maximum benefit is obtained when the view stores a " small " result obtained by an " expensive " computation  , as it is the case with aggregates . However  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. Our fast detection method for empty-result queries uses some data structure similar to materialized views − each atomic query part stored in the collection C aqp can be regarded as a " mini " materialized view. In the sequel all derived relations are assumed to be materialized  , unless stated otherwise. A derived relation may be virtual  , which corresponds to the traditional concept of a view  , or materialized  , meaning that the relation resulting from evaluating the expression over the current database instance is actually stored. Thus  , an important question originally considered in TB88  , Hu96   , which was never raised in traditional view-maintenance work  , is to determine whether a view is maintainable  , that is  , guaranteed to have a unique new state  , given an update to the base relations   , an instance of the views  , and an instance of a subset of the base relations. Such situations never arise in traditional work on materialized view maintenance GM95  , Kuc91  , GMS93  , SJ96 where all the base data is usually assumed to be available . A derived relation is defined by a relational expression query over the base relations. For example  , consider the following two queries: In general  , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. Hence  , in certain cases  , the coverage detection capability of our method is more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method. After enough information about previously-executed  , empty-result queries has been accumulated in C aqp   , our method can often successfully detect empty-result queries and avoid the expensive query execution. 5 Due to the utilization of a set of special properties of empty result sets  , its coverage detection capability is often more powerful than that of a traditional materialized view method. While view materialization is well understood for traditional relational databases  , it remains an active research for XML and RDF stores. This brings forth a need for a simple way of describing and extracting a relevant subset of information materialized views over large RDF stores. In deciding whether a query will return an empty result set  , our method ignores those operators e.g. , projection  , duplicate elimination that have no influence on the emptiness of the query output. As a result of not using all the base relations  , there may be situations where there is not enough information to maintain a view unambiguously  , even if we are given the specific contents of the views  , a subset of the base relations  , and the base update. DBMSs are being used more and more for interactive exploration 7  , 14  , 37  , where users keep refining queries based on previous query results. Fourth  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets so that its coverage detection capability is often more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method e.g. , if πR=∅  , we know immediately that R=∅  , σR=∅  , and R ⋈ Recall that the problem is that for the V lock to work correctly  , updates must be classified a priori into those that update a field in an existing tuple and those that create a new tuple or delete an existing tuple  , which cannot be done in the view update scenario. The first and simplest level is trying RaPiD7 out according to the general idea of RaPiD7. Three different levels of achievement can be perceived in implementing RaPiD7. Typically  , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7  , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. Negative experiences in using RaPiD7 exist  , too. Furthermore  , JAD sessions are always somewhat formal  , whereas RaPiD7 sessions vary in formality depending on the case. The goal in RaPiD7 is to benefit the whole project by creating as many of the documents as possible using RaPiD7. Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist  , too. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: However  , RaPiD7 is not focusing on certain artifacts or phases of software development  , and actually does not state which kind of documents or artifacts could be produced using the method  , but leaves this to the practitioner of the method. The obvious similarity with RaPiD7 is the idea of having well structured meetings in RaPiD7 called workshops in order to work out system details. JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. Different JAD sessions are not said to be alike 6  , and while this is true for RaPiD7 too  , the way RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions are planned is different. An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents  , 7 steps. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in figure 1. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. After all  , if projects are planned according to RaPiD7 methodology there will be a number of workshops to participate in. In the following  , two approaches  , namely JAD and Agile modeling  , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. Furthermore  , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways  , the differences are evident. This can be perceived from results already. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is  , however  , significant. On the other hand  , formal RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions can be quite alike. This is probably why more efforts are put into the preparation work when using JAD  , and why with JAD the typical " from preparation to a finished document -time " is longer than with RaPiD7. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. In addition  , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. Joint application development JAD is a requirements-definition and user-interface design methodology according to Steve McConnell 4. Although it might be difficult to get people to change their ways of doing everyday work  , typically the teams trying out RaPiD7 for some time would not give up using it. On the other hand  , it is apparent that to fully benefit from RaPiD7 training is required  , too. In JAD  , the general idea is to have a workshop or a set of workshops rather than having unlimited number of workshops throughout the project. This means in practice that a person uses approximately a day to finalize the work. Specifically  , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. Without the users the method would merely be a theory. The idea behind the method is relatively simple  , but the effective use of it is not. The people who would traditionally participate the inspections are the people who will participate the RaPiD7 workshops  , too. Typically  , authoring a document takes less than a week in calendar time. The last and final level is to utilize RaPiD7 in a full-scale software project  , and plan the documentation authoring in projects by scheduling consecutive workshops. To enable this some training is typically needed. On the other hand  , there is a clear and valid reason for the aforementioned hesitancy for the applicability of agile modeling. RaPiD7 has been developed and used in Nokia  , which can be referred to as being a large telecommunications company. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. Without the efforts of these users we would not have such good results nor would we have RaPiD7 as an institutionalized way of working. The cases differ by the time required  , the people participating the workshops and the techniques used in the workshops. The way RaPiD7 is applied varies significantly depending on the case. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski  , Oula Heikkinen  , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. The workshops are well prepared  , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. Simply put  , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. Differences are related to the goals of the methods and the scope of using the methods in software development projects. Hundreds of people have been involved in making RaPiD7 as a working practice in Nokia. Finally  , I would like to thank Tuomas Lamminpää  , Kai Koskimies and Ilkka Haikala for giving solid contribution by reviewing this paper several times. However  , it suits best for documents that are not product-like in nature. By using RaPiD7 method  , the following benefits are expected to realize:  Artifacts and specifications will be produced in a relatively short time from couple of days to one week  Inspecting the documents will not be typically needed after the document has been authored in a workshop  Communication in projects will be easier and more effective  People can work more flexibly in teams as they all share the same information  The overall quality of artifacts and specifications will be improved  No re-work is needed and hence time is saved  Schedules for workshops in projects are known early enough to plan traveling efficiently  , and thus costs can be reduced 3URFHHGLQJVVRIIWKHWKK ,QWHUQDWLRQDO&RQIHUHQFHHRQ6RIWZDUHHQJLQHHULQJJ ,&6 ¶  , Workshop n. Finished Figure 2  , Creating a document using RaPiD7 RaPiD7 method can be applied for authoring nearly all types of documents. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. Therefore  , the key issue seems to be getting the teams to try out RaPiD7 long enough to see the benefits realizing. These results indicate that higher use rate will give better results in terms of improved communication  , authoring efficiency and defect rate reduction. Furthermore  , I would like to thank the pilot users and teams in Nokia  , especially I would like to thank Stephan Irrgang  , Roland Meyer  , Thomas Wirtz  , Juha Yli-Olli and Miia Forssell. In addition  , agile modeling does not provide ways to plan the modeling sessions in your software projects whereas in JAD and RaPiD7 the planning is seen crucial for success. Even if you could hire only " good developers "   , as Ambler suggests for effective formation of an agile modeling team  , in a large company these good developers will still have different backgrounds and knowledge base. The first workshops  , when trying to find out the right approach for a specific document type  , are the most difficult ones. It is no surprise that these different methods provide and promote similar kind of techniques for effective documentation work. The results from the initial workshops were encouraging and the method was taken into use in several other teams  , too. It is also important to make sure that people participate the workshops only as long as their input is needed  , in order to minimize the idle time of participants. This usually requires approximately two to three days of work for the first workshop  , and a few hours for the following workshops. On the other hand  , agile modeling provides a number of pragmatic ideas how to perform agile modeling sessions to produce certain kind of models. However  , agile modeling does not provide a cookbook type of approach for authoring documents  , as RaPiD7 does. The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. Likewise to the previous studies 4  , 2  , 35  , we use the predictive perplexity 15 to evaluate the topic modeling accuracy. To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . This part of experiment is indicated as Supervised Modeling Section 3.3. Third  , ensembles of models arise naturally in hierarchical modeling. The alternative is to mine all data in-place and thus build k predictive models base-models locally. This modeling approach has the advantage of improving our understanding of the mechanisms driving diffusion  , and of testing the predictive power of information diffusion models. 2015. In addition to early detection of different diseases  , predictive modeling can also help to individualize patient care  , by differentiating individuals who can be helped from a specific intervention from those that will be adversely affected by the same inter- vention 7  , 8. One important application of predictive modeling is to correctly identify the characteristics of different health issues by understanding the patient data found in EHR 6. However  , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists  , such as Participants P7 and P12. Several interviewees reported that " operationalization " of their predictive models—building new software features based on the predictive models is extremely important for demonstrating the value of their work. Unlike traditional predictive display where typically 3D world coordinate CAD modeling is done  , we do not assume any a-priori information. In the predictive display application we do not sample different objects or faces  , but closely spaced images from the same objects and scene under varying poses. Calculating the average per-word held-out likelihood   , predictive perplexity measures how the model fits with new documents; lower predictive perplexity means better fit. Various methods were proposed to solve this problem – we used perplexity   , which is widely used in the language-modeling community   , as well as the original work to predict the best number of topics. When we are capable of building and testing a highly predictive model of user effectiveness we will be able to do cross system comparisons via a control  , but our current knowledge of user modeling is inadequate. In order to get comparable classes of users  , we need to know what measurable traits of users are highly predictive of searching effectiveness. Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. Thus although we anticipate that our qualitative results will prove robust to our specific modeling assumptions  , the relationship between model complexity and best-case predictive performance remains an interesting open question. However  , we will keep the nested logit terminology since it is more prevalent in the discrete choice literature. This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. Latent variable modeling is a promising technique for many analytics and predictive inference applications. Sequential prediction methods use the output of classifiers trained with previous  , overlapping subsequences of items  , assuming some predictive value from adjacent cases  , as in language modeling. These methods all train their subclassifiers on the same input training set. Fig.4 shows an example of predictive geometrical information display when an endmill is operated manually by an operator using joysticks which are described later. The z-map modeling method shown in Fig.3was introduced in the system. This approach is similar in nature t o model-predictive-control MPC. Periodic recomputation of the optimal leader and follower trajectories was employed to compensate for robot modeling inaccuracies. In addition  , they offer more flexibility for modeling practical scenarios where the data is very sparse. These methods have become prominent in recent years because they combine scalability with high predictive accuracy. Smoothed unigram language modeling has been developed to capture the predictive ability of individual words based on their frequency at each reading difficulty level 7. In recent years  , more sophisticated features and models are used. Modeling and feature selection is integrated into the search over the space of database queries generating feature candidates involving complex interactions among objects in a given database. It allows learning accurate predictive models from large relational databases. The formal definition of perplexity for a corpus D with D documents is: To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . Our predictive models are based on raw geographic distance How many meters is the ATM from me ? Motivated by this intuition   , this study focuses on modeling user-entity distance and inter-category differences in location preference. We evaluated each source and combinations of sources based on their predictive value. Implementing these context variants allowed us to systematically evaluate the effectiveness of different sources of context for user interest modeling. Specifically  , the predictive models can help in three different ways. When EHRs contain consistent data about patients and nurses modeling  , can be designed and used for devising efficient nursing patient care. The approach taken in this paper suggests a framework for understanding user behavior in terms of demographic features determined through unsupervised modeling. These data could be easily incorporated to improve the predictive power  , as shown in Figure 13. In terms of portability  , vertical balancing may be improved by modeling the similarity in terms of predictive evidence between source verticals. This work could be extended in several directions. As FData and RData have different feature patterns  , the combination of both result in better performance. Content features are not predictive perhaps due to 1 citation bias  , 2 paper quality is covered by authors/venues  , or 3 insufficient content modeling. These rules were then used to predict the values of the Salary attribute in the test data. Using each of our approach  , C4.5  , CBA  , and FID  , predictive modeling rules were mined from the dataset for data mining. Another objective of this research is to discover whether reducing the imbalance in the training data would improve the predictive performance for the 8 modeling methods we have evaluated. For each of the tree methods  , small improvement can be seen For each interface modeled we created a storyboard that contained the frames  , widgets  , and transitions required to do all the tasks  , and then demonstrated the tasks on the storyboard. But without the predictive human performance modeling provided by CogTool  , productivity of skilled users would not be able to play any role at all in the quantitative measures required. In addition  , MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 11  , item taxonomy 9 and attributes 1  , social relations 8  , and 3-way interactions 21. These methods have become very popular in recent years by combining good scalability with predictive accuracy. 4 Technically  , this model is called the hierarchical logit 32 and is slightly more general than the nested logit model derived from utility maximization. Having cost models for all three types of releases  , along with an understanding of the outiler subset of high productivity releases  , would complete the cost modeling area of our study. As more releases are completed  , predictive models for the other categories of releases can be developed. In particular  , low-rank MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 15  , item taxonomy 6  , and attributes 1. One of the most successful realizations of LFM  , which combines good scalability with predictive accuracy  , is based on low-rank MF e.g. , see 16 . These findings have profound implications for user modeling and personalization applications  , encouraging focus on approaches that can leverage users' browsing behavior as a source of information. In particular  , users' querying behavior their " talk "  is a more limited source of predictive signal than their browsing behavior their " walk " . Perplexity  , which is widely used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood lower numbers are better. To measure the ability of a model to act as a generative model  , we computed test-set perplexity under estimated parameters and compared the resulting values. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from data TransC i  for all the individual customer models and compare its performance with the performance of function 1 estimated from the transactional data for the whole customer base. In this section  , we compare individual vs. aggregate levels of customer modeling. Given the variety of models  , there was a pressing need for an objective comparison of their performance. At IBM  , a variety of approaches have been considered for estimating the wallet of customers for information technology IT products  , including heuristic approaches and predictive modeling. Preliminary results showed that our topic-based defect prediction has better predictive power than state-of-the-art approaches. We use topic modeling to recover the concerns/aspects in each software artifact  , and use them as input for machine learningbased defect prediction models. A lower score implies that word wji is less surprising to the model and are better. Perplexity is a standard measure used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood . Examining users' geographic foci of attention for different queries is potentially a rich source of data for user modeling and predictive analytics. Figure 10shows the trajectory of mouse movements made by a sample user who is geographicallyrefining a query for ski. An important advantage of the statistical modeling approach is the ability to analyze the predictive value of features that are being considered for inclusion in the ranking scheme. In each case the coefficient is equivalent to the log-odds logp/1-p of correctness conditioned on the overlap feature assuming a given value. A challenge of this approach is the tradeoff between the number of cohorts and the predictive power of cohorts on individuals. The results in the previous section show that our cohort modeling techniques using pre-defined features can more accurately estimate users' individual click preferences as represented via an increased number of SAT clicks than our competitive baseline method. Here the appearance function g has to be based only on the image sequences returned from the tele-manipulation system. Manually built models consist mainly of text patterns  , carefully created  , tested and maintained by domain and linguistic experts. Data Modeling: A predictive model  , capable of extracting facts from the decomposed and tagged input media  , needs to be constructed  , either manually or through automatic induction methods. These approaches frequently use probabilistic graphical models PGMs for their support for modeling complex relationships under uncertainty. Learning-based approaches have commonly been used to build predictive models of human behavior and to control behaviors of embodied conversational agents e.g. , 19  , 26  , 33. To evaluate the ability of generative models  , we numerically compared the models by computing test-set perplexity PPX. From the predictive modeling perspective  , homophily or its opposite  , heterophily can be used to build more accurate models of user behavior and social interactions based on multi-modal data. When user attributes relevant to forming social links are not directly observable   , this phenomenon is called latent homophily. Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. We study how such a user preference signal affects the clickrate of a business and design effective strategies to generate personalization features. l We found a high difference in effectiveness in the use of our systems between two groups of users. Since the core task for any user modeling system is predicting future behavior  , we evaluate the informativeness of different sources of behavioral signal based on their predictive value. On average   , each query-based user profile contains 21.2 keywords  , while each browsing-based profile contains 137.4 keywords based on 15 days of behavioral data. Considering the complexity and heterogeneity of our data and the problem  , it is important to use the most suitable and powerful prediction model that are available. It should be noted that the key contribution of this work is more about extracting the important features and understanding the domain by providing novel insights  , but not necessarily about building a new predictive modeling algo- rithm. Both risks may dramatically affect the classifier performance and can lead to poor prediction accuracy or even in wrong predictive models. Second  , poor or no data preparation is likely to lead to an incomplete and inaccurate data representation space  , which is spanned by variables and realizations used in the modeling step. For building accurate models  , ignoring instances with missing values leads to inferior model performance 7  , while acquiring complete information for all instances often is prohibitively expensive or unnecessary. Many predictive modeling tasks include missing data that can be acquired at a cost  , such as customers' buying preferences and lifestyle information that can be obtained through an intermediary. We also demonstrate the further improvement of UCM over URM  , due to UCM's more appropriate modeling of the retweet structure. Experimental results show that both URM and UCM significantly outperform all the baselines in terms of the quality of distilled topics  , model precision  , and predictive power. Compounding the lack of clarity in the claims themselves is an absence of a consistent and rigorous evaluation framework . On the other hand  , it is also misleading to imply that even if extreme events such as financial crises and societal revolutions cannot be predicted with any useful accuracy 54  , predictive modeling is counterproductive in general. In doing this  , we hope to exploit the strength of machine learning to quantify the improvement of the proposed features. Sheridan differentiates between two types: those which use a time series extrapolation for prediction  , and those which do system modeling also including the multidimensional control input2. Three main design considerations in a predictive display are: How to model the tele-operation system for the prediction. Table 2shows the results of the perplexity comparison. There has been a great deal of research on inductive transfer under many names  , e.g. The goal is to build models that can be used to generate behaviors that are interactive in the sense of being coordinated with a human partner. We will now describe a method for modeling the low-level signal exchange in interaction using simple predictive models . Clearly more sophisticated models of this sort may be more realistic than the one we have studied  , and may also yield somewhat different quantitative bounds to prediction. Such an approach can generate a more comprehensive understanding of users and their pref- erences 57  , 48  , 46. Finally  , modeling relational data as it persists or changes across time is an important challenge. The next step in our experimental plan is to use schemas such as our detailed ones for blog sevice users and bioinformatics information and computational grid users Hs05 to learn a richer predictive model. One key advantage of SJASM is that it can discover the underlying sentimental aspects which are predictive of the review helpfulness voting. We propose a novel supervised joint aspect and sentiment model SJASM  , which is a probabilistic topic modeling framework that jointly detects aspects and sentiments from reviews under the supervision of the helpfulness voting data. Mark has been a co-organizer of two TREC tracks  , a co-organizer of the SIGIR 2013 workshop on modeling user behavior for information retrieval evaluation MUBE and the SIGIR 2010 workshop on the simulation of interaction. Mark's recent work has focused on making information retrieval evaluation more predictive of actual human search performance. Author expertise and venue impact are the distinguishing factors for the consideration of bibliography  , among which  , Author Rank  , Maximum Past Influence of Authors make paper influential . Discovering the hidden knowledge within EHR data for improving patient care offers an important approach to reduce these costs by recognizing at-risk patients who may be aided from targeted interventions and disease prevention treatments 5. In this paper  , predictive modeling and analyses have been conducted at two different levels of granularity. For nurse experience  , a nurse with at least two years of experience in her current position was considered to be an experienced nurse  , and the nurses with less than two years' experience to be inexperienced. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from the transactional data TransC i  for the segmentation level models  , and compare its performance with the performance results obtained in Section 4. In this section  , we compare individual vs. segmentation and aggregate vs. segmentation levels of customer modeling. It is therefore clearly misleading to cite performance on " easy " cases as evidence that more challenging outcomes are equally predictable; yet precisely such conflation is prac- 1 ticed routinely by advocates of various methods  , albeit often implicitly through the use of rhetorical flourishes and other imprecise language. A statistical approach is proposed to infer the distribution of a word's likely acquisition age automatically from authentic texts collected from the Web  , and then an effective semantic component for predicting reading difficulty of news texts is provided by combining the acquisition age distributions for all words in a document 14. Pain is a very common problem experienced by patients  , especially at the end of life EOL when comfort is paramount to high quality healthcare. Moreover  , these bounds on predictive performance are also extremely sensitive to the deviations from perfect knowledge we are likely to encounter when modeling real-world systems: even a relatively small amount of error in estimating a product's quality leads to a rapid decrease in one's ability to predict its success. This bound is relatively generous for worlds in which all products are the same  , but it becomes increasingly restrictive as we consider more diverse worlds with products of varying quality. Such normalization does not always make sense for binary and integer features  , and it also removes the nonnegativity of our feature representation that offers intuitive interpretation of them. Item seed sets were constructed according to various criteria such as popularity items should be known to the users  , contention items should be indicative of users' tendencies  , and coverage items should possess predictive power on other items. Modeling the preferences of new users can be done most effectively by asking them to rate several carefully selected items of a seed set during a short interview 13  , 21  , 22  , 8 . However  , our goal here is different as we do not just want to make our predictions based on some large number of features but are instead interested in modeling how the temporal dynamics of bidding behavior predicts the loan outcome funded vs. not funded and paid vs. not paid. Their goal is to provide a ranking of the relative importance of various fundability determinants  , rather than providing a predictive model. The most relevant related work is on modeling predictive factors on social media for various other issues such as tie formation Golder and Yardi 2010   , tie break-up Kivran- Swaine  , Govindan  , and Naaman 2011  , tie strength Gilbert and Karahalios 2009 and retweeting Suh et al. Despite the rich literature on Twitter and its role in covering real-world events  , to date  , we are aware of little research that directly addresses the issue studied in this paper. In other words  , we aggregate the past behavior in the two modalities considered search queries and browsing behavior over a given time period  , and evaluate the predictiveness of the resulting aggregated user profile with respect to behavior occurring in a  sequent period. Path finding and sub-paths in breadth-first search 3. Neither pattern is a true depth-first or breadthfirst search pattern. The greedy pattern represents the depth-first behavior  , and the breadth-like pattern aims to capture the breadth-first search behaviors. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. The depth-first search instead of the breadth-first search is used because many previous studies strongly suggest that a depth-first search with appropriate pseudo-projection techniques often achieves a better performance than a breadth-first search when mining large databases. Here we use breadth-first search. Once the search space is structured  , a search strategy should be chosen. 6  holds the objects during the breadth-first search. 4first out queue called Q in Fig. In practice  , forward selection procedures can be seen as a breadth-first search. 10 . In the mathematical literature  , breadth first search Is typically preferred. Normally the user cares "~. , ,:"~ ,~ton ~v'" ""-. and search the other subranges breadth-first. For our implementation we select for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. Thus solving the graph search problem in Given the user behavior observed by Klöckner et al. , we used two browsing patterns to evaluate find-similar.   , vn−1}  , where the indices are consistent with a breadth-first numbering produced by a breadth-first search starting at node v0 1 see Section 3.4.1 for a formal definition. By a depth-first search of the set enumeration tree of transitive reductions of partial orders  , Frecpo will not miss any frequent partial order. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. , by breadth-first  , best-first or depth-first search. If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. We first conduct a breadth-first or depth-first search on the graph. We will deal with these cycles in the next step. However  , best-first search also has some problems. Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. We compute the discrete plan as a tree using the breadth first search. robot and obstacles 12. Tabels 1 and 2 show that the breadth first search is exhaustive it finds solutions with one step fewer re- grasps. the search procedure is breadth first search which examines all the nodes on one level of the tree before any nodes of the next level ignoring the goal distance Ac. This will not always be feasible in larger domains  , and intelligent search heuristics will be needed. This amounts to a breadth first search of the frequent itemsets on a lattice. Apriori first finds all frequent itemsets of size § before finding frequent itemsets of size § ¦ . CLOSET 11 and CLOSET+ 16 adopt a depth-first  , feature enumeration strategy. A-close 10 uses a breadth-first search to find FCPs. We restrict the training pages to the first k pages when traversing the website using breadth first search. Thus  , we should use these pages for training as well. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. In practice  , it is closer to a depth-first search with some backtracking than to a breadth-first search. This simple method worked out well in our experiments. ; the maximal number of states between the initial state and another state when traversing the TS in breadth-first search BFS height; the number of transitions starting from a state and ending in another state with a lower level when traversing the TS in breadth-first search Back lvl tr. deg. The resulting path will have the minimum nilinher of turns i n it by definition of breadth-first search. Compute D and perform a breadth-first search of D as indicated above starting with To as the set of visited vertices and ending when some vertex in the goal set 7~ ha5 been reached. During our previous experiments 13  , a bidirectional breadth first search proved to be the most efficient method in practice for finding all simple paths up to certain hop limit. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. The breadth-first search weighted by its distance from the reference keyframe is performed  , and the visited keyframes are registered in the temporary global coordinate system. To optimize the poses and landmarks  , we create a metric environment map by embedding metric information to nodes by breadth-first search over graph. The objects in UpdSeedD ,l are not directly density-reachable from each other. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l Johnson generalized it to other surface representations  , including NURBS  , by using a breadth-first search 9. Quinlan introduced this approach using a depth-first search of the bounding hierarchy  141. Since coverage tends to increase with sequence length  , the DFS strategy likely finds a higher coverage sequence faster than the breadth-first search BFS. We choose to traverse the tree using depth-first search DFS. This is done by recursively firing co-author search tactics. is done by performing a breadth-first search that considers all successor vertices of a given vertex first before expanding further. Then  , we navigate in a breadth-first search manner through this classification. Note that this approach enables to consider ontologies more expressive than RDFS  , e.g. , OWL2DL. Two cases have to be distinguished. Starting from the two entities e 1 and e 2 the intersection tree is built using breadth-first search. Starting from a random public user  , we iteratively built a mutual graph of users in a Breadth First Search BFS manner. 2014. b Matched loop segments will be included in LBA as breadth-first search will active the keyframes. The fixed keyframes are selected based on a common landmark. Then we do breadth first search from the virtual node. To be more specific  , we add a virtual node which connects to all known nodes. The CWB searches for subject keywords through a breadth-first search of the tree structure. Subject keywords are nouns and proper nouns from a title or subtitle. It downloads multiple pages typically 500 in parallel. Its default download strategy is to perform a breadth-first search of the web  , with the following three modifications: 1. This is done by querying DBpedia's SPARQL endpoint for concepts that have a relation with the given concept. we perform a breadth first search. Therefore Lye have the following result. We generate plans that minimize worst-case length by breadth-first AND/OR search Akella  11. However there is no finite bound on the length of the plan. Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. In both cases a uniform random distribution is used. For each node visited do the following. Traverse the measure graph starting at m visiting all finer measures using breadth-first search. We augmented this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method. We call this the root dataset. For parts with different push functions  , a breadth-first search planner can be used to find a sensorless plan when one exists. We cannot recognize the parts hlowever. In a breadth-first search approach the arrangement enumeration tree is explored in a top-bottom manner  , i.e. This information  , however  , is not available in DFS. Each of the initial seed SteamIDs was pushed onto an Amazon Simple Queue Service SQS queue. The crawling was executed via a distributed breadth first search. Stopping criterion. We augment this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method to identify the expanded dataset. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. Moreover  , breadth first search will find a shortest path  , whereas depth first makes no guarantees about the length of the counter example it will find. However  , if all violations go through a small set of nodes that are not encountered on the early selected paths or these nodes get stuck on the bottom of the worklist  , then it may be worse than breadth first search. In Section 3.6.1  , we show that breadthfirst search appears to be more efficient than depth-first search. We have chosen to search the LUB-tree hierarchy in a breadth-first manner  , as opposed to a depth-first search as in Quinlan 24 . If a crawl is started from a single seed  , then the order in which pages will be crawled tends to be similar to a breadth first search through the link graph 27 the crawl seldom follows pure breadth first order due to crawler requirements to obey politeness and robots restrictions . Discovery date. Although breadth-first search crawling seems to be a very natural crawling strategy  , not all of the crawlers we are familiar with employ it. Our results have practical implications to search engine companies. The experiments reported used a breadth first search till maximum depth 3 using the words falling in the synsets category. This affects the time spent in search for related candidates of a word not present in training data. We believe that crawling in breadthfirst search order provides the better tradeoff. On the other hand  , crawling in breadth-first search order provides a fairly good bias towards high quality pages without the computational cost. ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig. The differences between all strategies breadth-first  , random search  , and Pex's default search strategy were negligible. When looking at search result behaviour more broadly we see that what browsing does occur occurs within the first page of results. This reduced breadth of access is further evidence for the goaldriven behaviour seen in search. If all words in a title or subtitle are search keywords  , too many subject keywords will be generated. We have introduced a set of effective pruning properties and a breadth-first search strategy  , StatApriori  , which implements them. In this paper  , we have shown that its is possible to search all statistically significant rules in a reasonable time. In the first iteration  , only the reported invocations are considered  , starting with the most suspicious one working down to the least. We assume that a breadth-first search is performed over these top ranked invocations. These strategies typically optimize properties such as " deeper paths " in depth-first search  , " less-traveled paths " 35  , " number of new instructions covered " in breadth-first search  , or " paths specified by the programmer " 39. We have confirmed this expectation by running the MAY × MUST configuration with different exploration strategies on 20 methods for which exploration bounds were reached. This Figure 4: Use of case inheritance search travels upwards in the hierarchy  , i.e. , towards the roots. When determining the cases allowed for a given frame  , a breadth-first search of the case frame hierarchy collects the relevant cases. DFS may take very long to execute if it does not traverse the search space in the right direction. Depth Firat Search DFS and Breadth First Scorch BFS are examples of this class. This list is used by the predictor to perform a breadth first search of the possible concepts representing the input text. That partial structure is added as the first entry to the queue of partial structures. We perform the pose graph optimization first  , to make all poses metric consistent. It is in fact a similar hybrid reasoning engine which is a combination of forward reasoning breadth-first and backward reasoning depth-first search. This continues until there are no more transitions to be fired. During prediction  , we explore multiple paths  , depending on the prediction of the MetaLabeler  , using either depth-first or breadth-first search. A content-based MetaLabeler was built at each node in the taxonomy. A second dimension entails elaborating on line 3. Surprisingly  , they did not find any significant variation in the way users examine search results on large and small displays. Similarly to 23 they adopted taxonomy of three examination strategies: Depth-First  , Mixed  , Breadth-First. Because the expansion is breadth first  , the optimal trajectory will he the first one encountered that meets the desired uncertainty. For the fixed-uncertainty minimum-time optimization the search tree is expanded until the desired uncertainty is reached. Since large main memory size is available in Gigabytes  , current MFI mining uses depth first search to improve performance to find long patterns. But MaxMiner uses a breadth-first approach to limit the number of passes over the database. Although breadth-first search does not differentiate Web pages of different quality or different topics  , some researchers argued that breadth-first search also could be used to build domain-specific collections as long as only pages at most a fixed number of links away from the starting URLs or starting domains are collected e.g. , 18  , 21. All URLs in the current level will be visited in the order they are discovered before URLs in the next level are visited. This method assumes that pages near the starting URLs have a high chance of being relevant. Since the path down the tree is controlled by the nodes that are popped from the heap  , the search is neither a true depth.first nor a true breadth·first search of the hierarchy. They conducted two experiments to determine whether users engaged in a more exhaustive " breadth-first " search meaning that users will look over a number of the results before clicking any  , or a " depth-first " search. One other study used eye-tracking in online search to assess the manner in which users evaluate search results 18. For instance  , SAGE 28  uses a generational-search strategy in combination with simple heuristics  , such as flip count limits and constraint subsumption. Sine~ each node consists of only 24 bytes and the top-down search is closer to a depth-first search than a breadth-first search  , the amount of space required by the hierarchy n·odes is not excessive. The hierarchy nodes may be accessed more than once  , so they must be stored in separate locations. In particular  , Pex flips some branching points from previous runs to generate test inputs for covering new paths. It is written in Java and is highly configurable. That is  , starting from the root pages of the selected sites we followed links in a breadth-first search  , up to 3 ,000 pages per site. In our experiment  , we crawled 3 ,000 pages at each site. After both connections are made  , we find a path in the roadmap between the two connection points using breadth-first search. If we still can't connect both nodes to the same connected component of the roadmap  , then we declare failure. In this case  , only one DFA in conjunction with a standard breadth first search is used to grow a single frontier of entities. A similar solution is used for single source path patterns. We will denote this approximate Katz measure as aKatz throughout the rest of the paper. We execute breadth-first-search from s up to k levels without visiting t  , while keeping track of all paths formed so far. Any objects that are reached during the traversal are considered live and added to the tempLive set. We construct a work list starting at persist.root so we can perform a breadth-first search of the object graph. To propagate the constraints on join variable bindings Property 2  , we walk over this tree from root to the leaves and backwards in breadth-first-search manner. Next  , we embed a tree on Gjvar discarding any cyclic edges. This module contains multiple threads that work in parallel to download Web documents in a breadth-first search order. The Spider module is responsible for collecting documents from the Web. We observed that the similarity scores for the neighbours often is either very close to one  , or slightly above zero. The corresponding histogram is shown in Fig. In order to sample the distribution of distances between nodes  , breadth first search trees were formed from a fraction of the nodes. By following the path with the minimum cost  , the robot is guided to the nearest accessible unknown region. The breadth-first search is begun simultaneously at all these locations. See Figure 11for an example plan. Sensorless plans  , which must bring all possible initial orientations to the same goal orientation  , are generated using breadth-first search in the space of representative actions. Since the MFI cardinality is not too large MafiaPP has almost the time as Mafia for high supports. The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. The former hierarchy is used to inherit cases  , the latter to compose synonym sets. The backward search can be illustrated in Figure 4by traversing the graphs in reverse in a breadth-first manner. For example  , assume that we want to check whether machine A can be in on in a stable state. This " 3 ,000 page window " was decided for practical reasons. The crawl was breadth-first and stopped after one million html pages had been fetched. The crawl occurred in January  , 2002 and was made to mimic the way a real search service of the .gov pages might make a crawl. The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. Our solution combines a data structure based on a partial lattice  , and memoization of intermediate solutions. The number of traversals is bounded by the total number of elements in the model and view at hand. Checking for missing connections is done by a breadth-first search of the connectors in the model. We used JPF's breadth-first search strategy  , as done for all systematic techniques in 28. We specified sequence length 10 this was greater than the length required to find all the Java errors from Figure 7. Recall that we must regenerate the paths between adjacent roadmap nodes since they are not stored with the roadmap. This task is efficiently performed by an optimized implementation of the Breadth-first search BFS strategy through MapReduce 3. In particular  , we index all the shortest paths starting from a source and ending with a sink. At running time we use the index to retrieve the paths whose sink node matches a keyword. An estimate of L was formed by averaging the paths in breadth first search trees over approximately 60 ,000 root nodes. From the 259 ,794 sites in the data set  , the leaf nodes were removed  , leaving 153 ,127 sites. This allowed us to perform bidirectional breadth first search to answer the connectivity question. For each URL present in the dataset  , the crawler saved the link structure following links both forward and backward for two hops. Even this crawl was very time consuming  , especially when the crawler came across highly linked pages with thousands of in-and out-links e.g. Link types extracted include straight HREF constructs  , area and image maps  , and Javascript constants. Links are explored from the starting page in breadth-first search using order of discovery for links at the same depth. Each term is mapped to a synset in WordNet and a breadth-first search along WordNet relations identifies related synsets. Word- Net is also used to expand terms with semantically similar concepts  , following an approach similar to 9. Interestingly  , we can perform sensorless orienting with shape uncertainty. We determine these paths by breadth-first search throughG. Given the initial and desired final configurations of the system  , the high level problem is how to get from the initial to the final equivalence region. Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . The main differences between Apriori and Eclat are how they traverse this tree and how they determine the counter values. Comparing the running times we observe that MaxMiner is the best method for this type of data. RBFS using h 0 = 0 behaves similarly to the breadth-first search. Heuristic function h 0 evaluates all nodes equally so it has no heuristic power and does not provide any guidance. Then  , starting from this seed set  , we use the following five strategies to select five different account sets with the same selection size of k from the dataset 5 : random search RAND  , breath-first search BFS  , depthfirst search DFS  , random combination of breadth-first and depth-first search RBDFS 6   , and CIA. In this experiment  , we start from the same seed set of N identified criminal accounts   , which are randomly selected from 2 ,060 identified criminal accounts. The existing thread has the additional topic node 413 which is about compression of inverted index for fast information retrieval. shows the result of the experiment after the second step of the breadth-first search. Each operation produces a temporary result which must be materialized and consumed by the next operation. A combination of these operators induces a breadth-first search traversal of the DBGraph. bring the two parts to distinguishable states. The crawl started from the Open Directory's 10 homepage and proceeded in a breadth-first manner. For the experiments in this paper  , our search engine indexed about 130 million pages  , crawled from the Web during March of 2004. Each of these subsets is identified using a breadth first search technique. In an object like a dimpled sphere such as a golf ball  , the concavity regions are disjoint sets of features. We choose the appropriate face vector field and cell vector field for the two cases as described in Section IV. The trajectory design problem is solved by performing a pyramid  , breadth-first search. In practice four to six iterations are sufficient to achieve a heading space resolution of less than one degree. The search then proceeds in a breadth-first fashion with a crawling that is not limited to URL domain or file size. The start point for the crawl is the home page of the target site. An efficient implementation can use a data structure like the tree shown in Figure 1to store the counters  Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . JPF is built around first  , breadth-first as well as heuristic search strategies to guide the model checker's search in cases where the stateexplosion problem is too severe 18. JPF is an explicit-state model checker that analyzes Java bytecode classes directly for deadlocks and assertion violations. Therefore  , to perform concolic testing we need to bound the number of iterations of testme if we perform depth-first search of the execution paths  , or we need to perform breadth-first search. Since the function testme runs in an infinite loop  , the number of distinct feasible execution paths is infinite. This simple but extremely flexible prioritization scheme includes as a special case the simpler strategies of breadth-first search i.e. , a queue and depth-first search i.e. , a stack. Simply by assigning a priority to each alternative   , the DBC can determine the order of evaluation of invocations  , achieving flexible evaluation order  , one of our major objectives. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? In both studies  , users were significantly more likely to engage in the depthfirst strategy  , clicking on a promising link before continuing to view other abstracts within the results set. Thus pipelined and setoriented strategies have similar complexity on a DBGraph. They may constitute part of more complex execution plans Thev89The temporal complexity of a depth-first search is OmaxCardX ,CardA while that of a breadth-first search is OCardA Gibb85 . On the other hand  , the depth-first search methods e.g. , PrefixSpan 14 and SPAM 1 grow long patterns from short ones by constructing projected databases. On one hand  , the breadth-first search methods e.g. , GSP 15 and SPADE 21 are based on the Apriori principle 5  and conduct level-by-level candidategeneration-and-tests . The search is guaranteed to halt since there are a finite number of equivalence classes and our search does not consider sequences with cycles. If a plan is found it is guaranteed to be the shortest because of the nature of breadth first search and if the search fails to find any solution then no solution exists for the part. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l The main difference is that the candidates for further expansion are managed in a queue instead of a stack. The error plateaus at the final level of the bounding hierarchy because a lower bound cannot be extracted until the level finishes. Non-promising URLs are put to the back of the queue where they rarely get a chance to be visited. The number of possible choices of values of c and s that concolic testing would consider in each iteration is 17. Abstractly we view a program as a guarded-transition systems and analyze transition sequences. We used depth-first search DFS as the basis for PRSS in this paper; we plan to explore the use of variants of breadth-first search in future work. An enumerative search strategy is first characterized by the choice of the next state to apply an action on  , performed by the setNextState method  , which determines in which way the states are investigated. Let's consider how the FI-combine see Figure 2 routine works  , where the frequency of an extension is tested. Thirdly  , the vertical format is more versatile in supporting various search strategies  , including breadth-first  , depth-first or some other  , hybrid search. For each top ranked search result  , they performed a limited breadth first search and found that searching to a distance of 4 resulted in the best performance. Vassilvitskii and Brill 6 used distance on the web graph to perform a reranking of search results given that relevant documents link to other relevant documents. For example  , the mean number of nodes accessed in the top-down search of the complete link hierarchy for the INSPEC collection is 873 requiring only 20 ,952 bytes of core. As indicated above  , there are basically two ways in which the search tree can be traversed We can use either a breadth first search and explicit subset tests Apriori or a depth first search and intersections of transaction lists Eclat. Furthermore  , the number of small SubStNCtureS 1 to 4 atoms can be enormous  , so that even storing only the topmost levels of the tree can require a prohibitively large amount of memory. The MSN Search crawler discovers new pages using a roughly breadth-first exploration policy  , and uses various importance estimates to schedule recrawling of already-discovered pages. These pages were collected during August 2004  , and were drawn arbitrarily from the full MSN Search crawl. Therefore   , pages crawled using such a policy may not follow a uniform random distribution; the MSN Search crawler is biased towards well-connected  , important  , and " high-quality " pages. The second tool  , Meta Spider  , has similar functionalities as the CI Spider  , but instead of performing breadth-first search on a particular website  , connects to different search engines on the Internet and integrates the results. A sample user session with CI Spider is shown in Figure 1. We make use of relations such as synonym  , hypernym  , hyponym  , holonym and meronym and restrict the search depth to a maximum of two relations. Our results explain their finding by showing that relevant documents are found within a distance of 5 or are as likely to be found as non-relevant documents. In this graph  , subsequent actions are connected  , and TransferReceive / TransferSend actions are additionally connected to each other's subsequent actions. During this search  , we check that the newly introduced transfer does not induce a cycle of robots waiting for each other by performing breadth first search on the graph formed by the robot's plans. Through several recent independent evaluations 17  , 6  , it is now well accepted that a prefix tree-based data set representation typically outperforms both the horizontal and the vertical data set representations for support counting. The itemset search space traversal strategy that is used is depth-first 18  , breadth-first 2  , or based on the pattern-growth methodology 22. The existing methods essentially differ in the data structures used to " index " the database to facilitate fast enumeration. The search can be performed in a breadth-first or depth-first manner  , starting with more general shorter sequences and extending them towards more specific longer ones. We iterate through every possible insertion point for the new pickup or delivery point in s plan   , and choose the plan of lowest cost. A node in the tree contains the set of orientations consistent with the push-align operations along the path to the node. Search procedure: To find an orienting plan  , we perform a breadth-first search of an AND/OR tree lS . The documents retrieved by the web browsers of focused crawlers are validated before they are stored in a repository or database. Focused crawlers  , in contrast to breadth-first crawlers used by search engines  , typically use an informed-search strategy and try to retrieve only those parts of the Web relevant to some given topic 1  , 5  , 9  , 15 . The experiments described in this paper demonstrate that a crawler that downloads pages in breadth-first search order discovers the highest quality pages during the early stages of the crawl. For example  , the Internet Archive crawler described in 3  does not perform a breadthfirst search of the entire web; instead  , it picks 64 hosts at a time and crawls these hosts in parallel. If a winning path exists  , then the path represents the search schedule for the two pursuers. In order to find a winning path  , it suffices to build the graph G and to perform breadth-first search beginning at a start and ending at a goal vertex. To guide the search  , we work backward from a unique final orientation toward a range of orientations of size 27r  , which corresponds to the full range of uncertainty in initial part orientation. After the push function is used to partition the space of push directions into equivalence classes  , we perform a breadth-first search of push combinations to find a fence design. Its first phase is a " crawler " or " spider " that automatically searches part of the Web for caption candidates  , given a starting page and the number of trailing domain words establishing locality so " www.nps.navy.mil 2 " indicates all " navy.mil " sites. The breadth-first search implies that density-connections with the minimum number of objects requiring the minimum number of region queries are detected first. In a non-split situation  , we stop as soon as all members of UpdSeedDel are found to be density-connected to each other. The preponderance of diagonal path lines is due to the search being 8-connected  , and being breadth-first. The waypoints marked on the image indicate equally spaced one-hour time increments  , with the exception of the first interval  , which is a half hour. Sequence mining is essentially an enumeration problem over the sub-sequence partial order looking for those sequences that are frequent. All experiments in this section use the breadth-first search strategy. Our J-Sim experiments build the OU T data structure from Figure 4 and write it to a file only for the first version  , and load the information for unmodified transitions from the file to the IN data structure for each subsequent version. Text is provided for convenience. It is the sort of crawl which might be used by a real .gov search service: breadth first  , stopped after the first million html pages and including the extracted plain text of an additional 250 ,000 non-html pages doc  , pdf and ps. We note that for every fixed query a node assignment requiring no calls to updateP ath always exists: simply label the nodes in order discovered by running breadth-first search from s. However  , there is no universally optimal assignment — different queries yield different optimum assignments. This means that we can start emitting results right away when we retrieve the first result from the index. Focused crawling  , on the other hand  , attempts to order the URLs that have been discovered to do a " best first " crawl  , rather than the search engine's " breadth-first " crawl. " Rather  , any and all newly discovered links are placed onto the crawl frontier to be downloaded when their turn comes. Generalised search engines that seek to cover as much proportion of the web as possible usually implement a breadth-first BRFS or depth-first A. Rauber et al. The visiting strategy of new web pages usually characterises the purpose of the system. MaxMiner also first uses dynamic reordering which reorder the tail items in the increasing order of their supports. MaxMiner 3 uses a breadth-first search and performs look-ahead pruning which prunes a whole tree if the head and tail together is frequent. The data set representation that is used is horizontal 2  , vertical 35  , or based on a prefix tree 22. In effect we find the last fence first and work upstream  , like a salmon. l A split situation is in general the more expensive case because theparts of the cluster to be split actually have to be discovered. For each public user  , we first counted the number of protected mutual neighbours as well as the ratio of protected to all mutual neighbours. The arrangement enumeration tree is created as described above  , using the set of operands defined in Section 2 and it is traversed using either breadth-first or depth-first search. In general  , on level : 1 is created by joining the nodes in -with those in   , 2 for every node   , is defined and then linked to . The effect of search pruning at all Rtree levels is that  , starting from the top level  , the two nodes  , one from each R-tree  , are only traversed for join computation if the MBRs of their parent nodes overlap . In 3  , search pruning is done by synchronously traversing the two input R-trees depth-first whereas in BFRJ it is achieved by synchronized breadth-first traversal of both R-trees. Tuplesn tionally  , a depth first search explores one path deeply  , and thus may find a violation quickly if it serendipitously picks nodes that lead to some violation. Instead  , we can set parameters which we term the window's breadth and depth  , named analogously to breadth-first and depth-first search  , which control the number of toponyms in the window and the number of interpretations examined for each toponym in the window  , respectively. we consider all possible combinations of resolutions for these toponyms  , this results in about 3·10 17 possibilities  , an astonishingly large number for this relatively small portion of text  , which is far too many to check in a reasonable time. Otherwise  , the planner identifies the set of " boundary conditions " for the search  , namely:  The search for a sequence of regrasp operations proceeds by forward chaining from the set of initial gpg triples performing an evaluated breadth-first search in the space of compatible gpg triples. If there exists at least one non-empty intersection the pick-and-place operation can be performed with a single grasp corresponding to a gripper configuration of the non-empty intersection. Beam-search is a form of breadth-first search  , bounded both in width W and depth D. We use parameters D = 4 to find descriptions involving at most 4 conjunctions  , and W = 10 to use only the best 10 hypotheses for refinement in the next level. The quality of such rules is expressed with a confidence-intervalP with P = .95  , and the employed search strategy is beamsearchW  ,D. To seed our crawler  , we generated 100 ,000 random SteamIDs within the key space 64-bit identifiers with a common prefix that reduced the ID space to less than 10 9 possible IDs  , of which 6 ,445 matched configured profiles. In this graph  , vetexes and edges represent nodes and links respectively. Considering each mashup as a path  , we found that about 80% of 4100 existing mashup depth was no more than 3  , so we decided to make the depth level of the breadth-first-search be 3. A recent study of Twitter as a whole  , gathered by breadth-first search  , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 13. The accurate celebrity subgraph has a total of 835  , 117  , 954  , or about 835 million  , directed edges in it which is actually a non-negligible fraction of edges in Twitter's social graph. In this implementation the transitive closure of the digraph G T is based on a breadth first search through G T . This module computes the classification of an OWL 2 QL TBox T by adopting the technique described in Section 3. The sequence of retrieved documents displayed to the user is ordered by the number of edges from the entry point document. Additional documents are then retrieved by following the edges from the starting point in the order of a breadth first search. However  , after a large number of Web pages are fetched  , breadth-first search starts to lose its focus and introduces a lot of noise into the final collection. Instead of traversing the BVTT as a strictly depthfirst or breadth-first search JC98  , we use a priority queue to schedule which of the pending tests to perform next. Limiting the queue size limits the worst case storage requirements and performance of the al- gorithm. Since the planner performs breadth-first search in the space of representative actions  , the planner is complete if the computed action ranges are accurate. Given a nominal part shape with bounded shape uncertainty  , does the planner always return an orienting plan when one exists and indicate failure when no plan exists ? The initial collection was created for day 1 using a Breadth-First crawl that retrieved MAX IN INDEX = 100  , 000 pages from the Web starting from the bookmark URLs. We simulated 5 days of the search engine-crawler system at work. Using a 4000-node subgraph summarized in Table 3  , we generated 1633185 candidate edges. We developed an application  , ljclipper  , to restrict the overall friends graph to that induced by a subset of nodes of fixed number  , found using breadth-first search starting from a given seed. the largest subset of nodes such that any node within it can be reached from any other node following directed links  , contained 64 ,826 sites. When the FM is traversed using the breadth-first search BFS  , the edges in the FPN are generated according to relations between features in the FM and the weights on edges are computed  Lines 4∼5. Then E N i ,j  and W i ,j  are initialized Lines 2∼3. After the completion of breadth first search  , there are no unknown nodes and each node has a location area. Once we meet an unknown node  , we use its known neighbour nodes to compute its location area as described above and then turn it to a known node. In many cases  , simple crawlers follow a breadth-first search strategy  , starting from the root of a website homepage and traversing all URLs in the order in which they were found. Today  , Web Crawling is the standard method for retrieving and refreshing document collections 8 within WMSs as opposed to searching  , see 12. The rightmost thread contains the discussion in hypertext system in the late 80's such as hypertext system implementation Topic 166 and 224 and formal defintion of hypertext system using petrinet Topic 232. The CWB computes the similarity-degrees of the title and/or subtitles through a breadth-first search because the title and subtitles are within a nested structure. Searching for a similar title and/or similar subtitles in the compared Web site. As the crawl progresses  , the quality of the downloaded pages deteriorates. So  , instead of trying to find the optimal allocation we do the allocation by using the heuristic of traversing the tree in a breadth first-BF search order: l We have shown that finding an overall optimal allocation scheme for our cuboid tree is NP-hard DANR96 . Once it has been established that a high level path exists  , the lower level trajectory planning problem for each equivalence region node is to determine the trajectory which the cone must follow to reorient the part. Path planning for individual modules uses a breadth-first search starting at the end of the tail. At this point  , the chain is also moved to the tail  , starting at the extreme module e S of the slice and ending at the root lines 10–12. A candidate path is located when an entity from the forward frontier matches an entity from the reverse frontier. This enables to compute the representation of all concepts such that any pair of concepts sharing a common ancestor in the concept hierarchy will share a common prefix in their representation corresponding to this common ancestor. Once a goal state is reached we have a sequence of desired relative push angles which we know will uniquely reorient a part regardless of its initial orientation because that initial orientation must be in the range of The goal of the breadth first search then is to arrive at a current state p   , such that lpgl = 27r. We use the push function to find equivalence classes of actions-action ranges with the same effect. In our implementation  , we use breadth-first search in the space of representative actions to find the shortest sequence of fence rotations to orient the part. Our approtach to solve the regrasp problem is as follows: We generate and evaluate possible grasp classes of an object and its stable placements on a table; the regrasping problem is then solved by an evaluated breadth-first search in a space where we represent all compatible sequences of regrasp operations. Otherwise  , these constraints require that at least one regrasp operation must be performed. This procedure is then applied to all URLs extracted from newly downloaded pages. To address the issue of intolerance to false positives  , we consider only the top ten ranked method invocations reported in the diagnosis reports; the rest is ignored. In order to follow the edges in one direction in time  , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. To discover a topic evolution graph from a seed topic  , we apply a breadth-first search starting from the seed node but only following the edges that lead to topic nodes earlier in time. Our initial examination revealed that the allocated users IDs are very evenly distributed across the ID space. Capturing LCC Structure: To capture the connectivity structure of the Largest Connected Component LCC  , we use a few high-degree users as starting seeds and crawl the structure using a breadth-first search BFS strategy. Recently  , Microsoft Academic Search released their paper URLs and by crawling the first 7.58 million  , we have collected 2.2 million documents 4 . Third  , we import paper collections from other repositories such as arXiv and PubMed to incorporate papers from a breadth of disciplines. A lattice is defined over generated word sets for formulae  , and a breadth-first search starting from the query formula set is used to find similar formulae. convert operator trees to a bag of 'words' representing individual arguments and operator-argument triples 15. The graph pattern included in a SPARQL query is converted into a composition of such iterators  , according to a created query plan. That is  , for each node a set of SPARQL query patterns is generated following the rules depicted in Table 3w.r.t. This breadth-first search visits each node and generates several possible triple patterns based on the number of annotations and the POS-tag itself. The next step is to choose a set of cuboids that can be computed concurrently within the memory constraints . So  , instead of trying to find the optimal allocation we do the allocation by using the heuristic of traversing the tree in a breadth first-BF search order: l Clearly these computations can be done in time 0  m  once the minimum free radii have been calculated. We assign priority to the pending BVTT visits according to the distance: the closest pending BV pair is given a higher priority and visited next. The search is breadth-first and proceeds by popping a node from the head of OPEN list and generating the set of child nodes for the constituent states steps 1-4. If a node has a single state it is labeled solved. Search engines conduct breadth first scans of the site  , generating many requests in short duration. The Keynote robot can generate a request multiple times a minute  , 24 hours a day  , 7 days a week  , skewing the statistics about the number of sessions  , page hits  , and exit pages last page at each session. An estimate of the total number of edges by the present authors suggests there are around 7 billion edges in the present social graph. For each instance of the iterator created for a path pattern  , two DFAs are constructed. These pages contain 17 ,672 ,011 ,890 hyperlinks after eliminating duplicate hyperlinks embedded in the same web page  , which refer to a total of 2 ,897 ,671 ,002 URLs. Our web graph is based on a web crawl that was conducted in a breadth-first-search fashion  , and successfully retrieved 463 ,685 ,607 HTML pages. PD-Live does a breadth-first search from the document a user is currently looking at to select a candidate set of documents. Citation links and other similarity measures form a directed graph with documents as the nodes and similarity relationships as the edges. For clarity of exposition  , the database operations introduced in Section 3 have been described in a setoriented way  , independent of their integration in a query execution plan. Specifically   , we collected the previous Amazon reviews of each reviewer in the root dataset and the Amazon product pages those reviews were associated with. The topological map stores only relative information in edges while the metric map contains location of nodes with respect to the specified origin. The sensor-based planner performs breadth-first AND/OR search to generate sensor-based orienting plans for parts with shape uncertainty. Given a nominal part shape  , radius values of the center of mass and vertex uncertainty circles  , and maximum sensor noise  , they return a plan when they can find one and indicate failure otherwise. The sensorless planner uses breadth-first search to find sensorless orienting plans. For the parts in Figure 14  , going from top to bottom  , left to right  , the sensor-based planner took an average of 0.192 secs  , 1.870 secs  , 0.756 secs  , 0.262 secs  , 0.262 secs  , 0.224 secs  , and 0.188 secs respectively on a SPARC ELC. Using the enumeration tree as shown in Figure 2  , we can describe recent approaches to the problem of mining MFI. A simple breadth-first search is quite effective in discovering the topic evolution graphs for a seed topic Figure 4and Figure 5a. In this subsection  , rather than focusing on finding the single best parameter values  , we explore the parameter space and present multiple examples of graphs obtained with varying parameter values. show informative evolutionary structure  , carrying concrete information about the corpus that are sometimes previously unknown to us. We initially clone the live object set to know what it was set to before we begin walking the object graph. At every jvar-node  , we take intersection of bindings generated by its adjacent tp-nodes and after the intersection  , drop the triples from tp-node Bit- Mats as a result of the dropped bindings. They found that crawling in a breadth-first search order tends to discover high-quality pages early on in the crawl  , which was applied when the authors downloaded the experimental data set. 20 studied different crawling strategies and their impact on page quality. OVERLAP does the allocation using a heuristic of traversing the search tree in a breadth-first order  , giving priority to cuboids with smaller partition sizes  , and cuboids with longer attribute lists. For other cuboids  , only a single page of memory can be allocated -these cuboids are said to be in the " SortRun " state. The entry point can be directly provided by the user by selecting a document icon  , or determined by the system as the document that best matches the query. If the action ranges are overly conservative  , the planner may not find a solution even when one exists. Our evaluation is based on two data sets: a large web graph and a substantial set of queries with associated results  , some of which were labeled by human judges. Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. As desired by the user the list can be reduced to terminal authors. To detect deadlocks or paths to be folded we scan graph C with the BFS Breadth-First-Search algo­ rithm. and Next to the folding we introduce operations that re­ move from the systerl1 the vehicles that can visit all the vertices of their mission vectors. Unlike the simple crawlers behind most general search engines which collect any reachable Web pages in breadth-first order  , focused crawlers try to " predict " whether or not a target URL is pointing to a relevant and high-quality Web page before actually fetching the page. Focused crawlers are programs designed to selectively retrieve Web pages relevant to a specific domain for the use of domainspecific search engines and digital libraries. In addition  , focused crawlers visit URLs in an optimal order such that URLs pointing to relevant and high-quality Web pages are visited first  , and URLs that point to low-quality or irrelevant pages are never visited. Since the position bias can be easily incorporated into click models with the depth-first assumption  , most existing click models 4  , 11  , 13 follow this assumption and assume that the user examines search results in a top-to-bottom fashion. The breadth-first strategy  , however  , draws a different picture: a user will look ahead at a series of results before clicking on the favorite results among them. The subgraph returned by BFS usually contains less vertices in the target community than the subgraph of the same size obtained by random walk technique. It is worthwhile noting that other expansion methods such as breadth-first-search BFS would entirely ignore the bottleneck defining the community and rapidly mix with the entire graph before a significant fraction of vertices in the community have been reached. If the similarity-degree of a title and/or subtitles is higher than the threshold ­  , the title and/or subtitles are regarded a similar title and/or similar subtitles  , and the contents of the title and subtitles are considered similar contents. The use of the succ-tup and succ-val* primitives defines a traversal of the DBGraph following a breadth-first search EFS strategy Sedg84  , as follows : The transitive closure operation is performed by simply traversing links  , Furthermore testing the termination condition is greatly simplified by marking. The resulting operation  , called SIKC val*v ,R.k  , delivers and marks all non marked tuple ve&es connected to the value v by one edge valued by R.k. One possible source of this difference is that the crawling policies that gave rise to each data set were very different; the DS2 crawl considered page quality as an important factor in which pages to select; the DS1 crawl was a simpler breadth-first-search crawl with politeness. The DS1 and DS2 curves differ significantly: DS2 contains about twice as many documents which contain no popular shingles at all. If the target community exists for the seed set  , then according to 6  , this target community would serve as a bottleneck for the probability to be spread out. Before searching for a regrasp sequence  , the regrasp planner checks if the pick-and-place operation can be achieved within a single grasp. The division of the planning into ofRine and online computation with as much a priori knowledge as possible used for the offline computation turns out to be an efficient and powerful concept  , operating online in connection with the evaluated breadth-first search in the space of compatible regrasp operations. Two gpg triples Gi  ,  ,Pj  ,  ,Gkl sumes less than 5.0 sec CPU time on a SPARC station 5. The unions D:=DuAD and AD':=AD'usucc~val*v'  , R.1 can be efficiently implemented by a concatenation since marking the tuples avoid duplicate generation. To capture the full semantics of an input question  , HAWK traverses the predicated-argument tree in a pre-order walk to reflect the empirical observation that i related information are situated close to each other in the tree and ii information are more restrictive from left to right. Starting from this seed set  , we performed a breadth-first crawl traversing friendship links aiming to discover the largest connected component of the social graph. To initiate the crawl  , we used the search facilities on PornHub to retrieve all users from the 60 largest cities within and the 48 largest cities outside of the USA based on population  , giving us a seed set of 102k users. This figure suggests that breadth-first search crawling is fairly immune to the type of self-endorsement described above: although the size of the graph induced by the full crawl is about 60% larger than the graph induced by the 28 day crawl  , the longer crawl replaced only about 25% of the " hot " pages discovered during the first 28 days  , irrespective of the size of the " hot " set. The overlap continues in the 60- 80% range through the extent of the entire 28 day data set. the node that has the shortest average path to all the other nodes in Λ pred and to perform a breadth-first-search from this node in G pred subgraph of G containing only the nodes in Λ pred and their interconnects to create a tree of information spread and to use the leaves of that tree as the newly activated nodes. The first  , rather naive approach we implemented to predict Ξ pred was to select the most central node in set Λ pred ; i.e. Some connectivity-based metrics  , such as Kleinberg's al- gorithm 8  , consider only remote links  , that is  , links between pages on different hosts. In addition to the standard language features of Java  , JPF uses a special class Verify that allows users to annotate their programs so as to 1 express non-deterministic choice with methods Verify.randomn and Verify.randomBool  , 2 truncate the search of the state-space with method Verify.ignoreIfcondition when the condition becomes true  , and 3 indicate the start and end of a block of code that the model checker should treat as one atomic statement and not interleave its execution with any other threads with methods Verify.beginAtomic and Verify.endAtomic. Our experiments revealed that the influentials identified using this method have poor performance which led us to identify the next method of prediction. If the edges of a lockdown graph are weighted by the number of images constituting the part of the segment between the two lockdown points or more appropriately  , the sub-nodes on which the two lockdown points lie  , choosing the smallest-sized cycle basis will reduce computational cost in computing HHT to a small extent. In our work we use a simple breadth-first-search routine  , modified along the suggestions in 3  , to find a cycle basis for graphs that are allowed to have multiple self-edges and multiple edges between vertices. There are two possibilities to model them in BMEcat  , though. , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. The current release is BMEcat 2005 12  , a largely downwards-compatible update of BMEcat 1.2. BMEcat is a powerful XML standard for the exchange of electronic product catalogs between suppliers and purchasing companies in B2B settings. In the following  , we outline correspondences between elements of BMEcat and GoodRelations and propose a mapping between the BMEcat XML format and the GoodRelations vocabulary. eClassOWL 6. BMEcat. This is attractive  , because most PIM software applications can export content to BMEcat. We describe a conceptual mapping and the implementation of a respective software tool for automatically converting BMEcat documents into RDF data based on the GoodRelations vocabulary 9. Either the BMEcat supplier defines two separate features  , or the range values are encoded in the FVALUE element of the feature. Table 4outlines the mapping of catalog groups in BMEcat to RDF. the catalog group taxonomy. For example most of the mentioned factors are implemented in the BMEcat standard 10. The currency results from Geographical Pricing. Given their inherent overlap  , a mapping between the models is reasonable with some exceptions that require special attention. Speaking of the allow-or-charge area  , the quantity scale defined in BMEcat is divided into the actual quantity scale and the functional discount that has to be applied  , too. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. Then we compare the product models obtained from one of the BMEcat catalogs with products collected from Web shops through a focused Web crawl. We tested the two BMEcat conversions using standard validators for the Semantic Web  , presented in Section 3.1. We chose to check for the number of shops offering products using a sample size of 90 random product EANs from BSH BMEcat. To remain in the scope of the use cases discussed  , the examples are chosen from the BSH BMEcat products catalog  , within the German e-commerce marketplace. The most notable improvements over previous versions are the support of external catalogs and multiple languages  , and the consistent renaming of the ambiguous term ARTICLE to PRODUCT. In this paper  , we propose to use the BMEcat XML standard as the starting point to make highly structured product feature data available on the Web of Data. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. The task consists of transforming the price-relevant information of a BMEcat catalog to xCBL. We will now introduce an example and concretize the mapping strategy. Table 2shows the BMEcat-2005-compliant mapping for product-specific details. the center of the proposed alignments are product details and product-related business details. Table 2adds an additional level of detail to the PRODUCT → PRODUCT DETAILS structure introduced in Fig. Furthermore  , multilanguage descriptions in BMEcat are handled properly  , namely by assigning corresponding language tags to RDF literals. gr:condition and references to external product classification standards.   , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. This approach  , however  , works only for common encoding patterns for range values in text. The data element ARTICLE_PRICE_DETAILS can be used multiple with disjunctive intervals. BMEcat and OAGIS to the minimum models of cXML and RosettaNet is not possible. For example  , a loss-free mapping of extensive price models e.g. A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. The price factor of 0.95 of BMEcat is transferred to a discount by the formula PercentageFactor=PRICE_FACTOR -1. With our approach  , a single tool can nicely bring the wealth of data from established B2B environments to the Web of Data. BMEcat allows to specify products using vendor-specific catalog groups and features  , or to refer to classification systems with externally defined categories and features. The distinction will be addressed in more detail in Section 2.3. The mapping of product classes and features is shown in Table 3. The hierarchy is determined by the group identifier of the catalog structure that refers to the identifier of its parent group. In order to link catalog groups and products  , BMEcat maps group identifiers with product identifiers using PROD- UCT TO CATALOGGROUP MAP. they are defined as instances rdf:type of classes derived from the catalog group hierarchy. In reality  , though  , it is common that suppliers of BMEcat catalogs export the unit of measurement codes as they are found in their PIM systems. recommend to use UN/ CEFACT 14 common codes to describe units of measurement. This allowed us to validate the BMEcat converter comprehensively. The products in the BSH catalog were classified according to eCl@ss 6.1  , whereas Weidmüller provide their own proprietary catalog group system. Making more difficult is that today mainly low-level languages like XSLT and interactive tools e.g. An illustrative example of a catalog and its respective conversion is available online 7 . Accordingly  , products in GoodRelations are assigned corresponding classes from the catalog group system  , i.e. The dataset has a slight bias towards long-tail shops. In addition to the manufacturer BMEcat files  , we took a real dataset obtained from a focused crawl whereby we collected product data from 2629 shops. Although the conversions completed without errors  , still a few issues could be detected in each dataset that we will cover subsequently. The converter has built-in check steps that detect common irregularities in the BMEcat data  , such as wrong unit codes or invalid feature values. 4 GoodRelations-specific compliance tests 14 to spot data model inconsistencies. requiring a minimum of 90 samples given the population of 1376 products in the BMEcat. The sample size was selected based on a 95% confidence level and 10% confidence interval margin of error  , i.e. First it is to be stated that from the view of price modeling BMEcat catalogs have a three-stage document structure: 1 The document header HEADER can be used for setting defaults for currency and territory  , naming the buyer and giving references to relevant In the example header we set the default currency  , name the buyer and refer to an underlying agreement with a temporal validity: If we look at the transformations  , we see different transformation types. Additionally   , we identified examples that illustrate the problem scenario described relying on structured data collected from 2500+ online shops together with their product offerings. To test our proposal  , we converted a representative real-world BMEcat catalog of two well-known manufacturers and analyzed whether the results validate as correct RDF/XML datasets grounded in the GoodRelations ontology. On the other side  , BMEcat does not explicitly discriminate types of features  , so features FEA- TURE  typically consist of FNAME  , FVALUE and  , optionally  , an FUNIT element. The GoodRelations vocabulary further refines the categorization made by OWL by discerning qualitative and quantitative object properties. In this section  , we elaborate on a complementary example that uses structured data on the Web of Data. For example  , in BMEcat the prices of a product are valid for different territories and intervals  , in different types and currencies  , but all prices relate to the same customer no multi-buyer catalogs. A plus  " + "  indicates that the corresponding factor can be set multiple for each product. target formats can be executed loss-free; however  , this cannot be said in general for the transformation of a source to a target format. The first option defines a feature for the lower range value and a feature for the upper range value  , respectively. BMEcat2GoodRelations is a portable command line Python application to facilitate the conversion of BMEcat XML files into their corresponding RDF representation anchored in the GoodRelations ontology for e-commerce. The implementation of the logic behind the alignments to be presented herein resulted into the BMEcat2GoodRelations tool. Finally  , we show the potential leverage of product master data from manufacturers with regard to products offered on the Web. This ready-to-use solution comes as a portable command line tool that converts product master data from BMEcat XML files into their corresponding OWL representation using GoodRelations. As a partial solution to mitigate the shortage of missing product master data in the context of e-commerce on the Web of Data  , we propose the BME- cat2GoodRelations converter. To date  , product master data is typically passed along the value chain using Business to Business B2B channels based on Electronic Data Interchange EDI standards such as BMEcat catalog from the German Federal Association for Materials Management  , Purchasing and Logistics 3  12. It can be seen that the product data provided across the different sources vary significantly. In the case of Weidmüller  , the conversion result is available online 11 . We tested our conversion using BMEcat files from two manufacturers  , one in the domain of high-tech electronic components Weidmüller Interface GmbH und Co. KG 9   , the other one a supplier of white goods BSH Bosch und Siemens Hausgeräte GmbH 10 . The number of product models in the BSH was 1376 with an average count of 29 properties  ,  while the Weidmüller BMEcat consisted of 32585 product models with 47 properties on average created by our converter. We collected all the data in an SPARQL-capable RDF store and extrapolated some statistics to substantiate the potential of our approach. By contrast  , the nearly 2.7 million product instances from the crawl only contain eleven properties on average. To compare the price models of the selected standard  , we show the six determining factors in table 3. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. to represent a navigation structure in a Web shop. Each online merchant can then use this rich manufacturer information to augment and personalize their own offering of the product in question. Furthermore  , the mapping at product level allows to specify the manufacturer part number  , product name and description  , and condition of the product. Whether the European Article Number EAN or the Global Trade Item Number GTIN is mapped depends on the type-attribute supplied with the BMEcat element. Depending on the language attribute supplied along with the DESCRIPTION SHORT and DESCRIPTION LONG elements in BMEcat 2005  , multiple translations of product name and description can be lang={en  , de  , . Instead of adhering to the standard 3-letter code  , they often provide different representations of unit symbols  , e.g. In this section  , we present some specific examples of the number of online retailers that could readily benefit from leveraging our approach. Using the sample of EANs  , we then looked up the number of vendors that offer the products by entering the EAN in the search boxes on Amazon.de  , Google Shopping Germany  , and the German comparison shopping site preissuchmaschine.de 16 . For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers  , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. The upper part lists the numbers for the product categorization standards  , whereas the lower three rows of the table represent the proprietary category systems . Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels  , product classes  , properties  , value instances  , and top-level classes for each product ontology. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. The product identifier can be mapped in two different ways  , at product level or at product details level  , whereby the second takes precedence over the other. The presence of the FUNIT element helps to distinguish quantitative properties from datatype and qualitative properties  , because quantitative values are determined by numeric values and units of measurements  , e.g. All interested merchants have then the possibility of electronically publishing and consuming this authoritative manufacturer data to enhance their product offerings relying on widely adopted product strong identifiers such as EAN  , GTIN  , or MPN. Due to the limited length of this paper   , we refer readers to the project landing page hosting the open source code repository 8   , where they can find a detailed overview of all the features of the converter  , including a comprehensive user's guide. Our proposal can manifest at Web scale and is suitable for every PIM system or catalog management software that can create BMEcat XML product data  , which holds for about 82% of all of such software systems that we are aware of  , as surveyed in 17. The rise of B2B e-commerce revealed a series of new information management challenges in the area of product data integration 5 ,13. In that sense  , BMEcat2GoodRelations is to the best of our knowledge the only solution developed with open standards  , readily available to both manufacturers and retailers to convert product master data from BMEcat into structured RDF data suitable for publication and consumption on the Web of Data. Another data quality problem reported is the usage of non-uniform codes for units of measurement  , instead of adhering to the recommended 3-letter UN/CEFACT common codes e.g. " In the BSH catalog for example  , some fields that require floating point values contain non-numeric values like " / "   , " 0.75/2.2 "   , " 3*16 "   , or " 34 x 28 x 33.5 "   , which originates from improper values in the BMEcat. Furthermore  , it can minimize the proliferation of repeated  , incomplete  , or outdated definitions of the same product master data across various online retailers; by means of simplifying the consumption of authoritative product master data from manufacturers by any size of online retailer. It is also expected as a result that the use of structured data in terms of the GoodRelations vocabulary by manufacturers and online retailers will bring additional benefits derived from being part of the Web of Data  , such as Search Engine Optimization SEO in the form of rich snippets 4   , or the possibility of better articulating the value proposition of products on the Web. The latter can take advantage of both product categorization standards and catalog group structures in order to organize types of products and services and to contribute additional granularity in terms of semantic de- scriptions 19. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. However  , there are several aspects where they deviate from our proposal as presented in the sections above  , most notably: a their scope focuses on closed corporate environments which may involve proprietary applications or standards rather than open technologies at the scale of an open Web of Data; and b being aimed at generic PIM and MDM systems  , their level of abstraction is very broad  , introducing additional degrees of separation with respect to the applicability to the problem scenario targeted by the BMEcat2GoodRelations converter tool. Experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. Our approach constructs an item group based pairwise preference for the specific ranking relations of items and combine it with item based pairwise preference to formalise a novel framework PRIGPPersonalized Ranking with Item Group based Pairwise preference learning . Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method  , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. The experimental results on three real-world datasets show our proposed method performs a better top-K recommendation than baseline methods. We conduct CLIR experiments using the TREC 6 CLIR dataset described in Section 5.1. In this section  , CLQS is tested with French to English CLIR tasks. Xu and Weischedel 19 estimated an upper bound on CLIR performance. The impact of disambiguation for CLIR is debatable. Probabilistic CLIR. It does not occur in an operational CLIR setting. According to Hull and Grefenstette 1996 human translation in CLIR experiments is an additional source of error. The simpler MoIR models may be directly derived from the more general CLIR setting. For simplicity  , we only discuss CLIR modeling in this section. Section 7 and 8 compare our system with structural query translation and MTbased CLIR. Section 6 compares CLIR performance of our system with monolingual IR performance. For commercial reasons  , we have developed technology for English  , Japanese  , and Chinese CLIR. TREC-8 marks the first occasion for CLARITECH to participate in the CLIR track. We ran CLIR and computed MAP at different Cumulative Probability Thresholds CPT. Figure 4 shows the relative English-French CLIR effectiveness as compared to the monolingual French baseline. Retrieval results show that their impact on CLIR is very small. We also studied the impact of spelling normalization and stemming on Arabic CLIR. Table 4shows a comparison of the recall precision values for the English-Chinese CLIR experimental results. Our English-Chinese CLIR experiments used the MG 14 search engine. Despite the big differences between the two language pairs  , our experiments on English- Chinese CLIR consistently confirmed these findings  , showing the proposed cross-language meaning matching technique is not only effective  , but also robust. Our experiments with an English-French test collection for which a large number of topics are available showed that CLIR using bidirectional translation knowledge together with statistical synonymy significantly outperformed CLIR in which only unidirectional translation knowledge was exploited  , achieving CLIR effectiveness comparable to monolingual effectiveness under similar conditions. In this paper we report results of an experimental investigation into English-Japanese CLIR. While most existing studies have concentrated on CLIR between English and one or more European languages  , there is a need to develop methods for CLIR between European and Asian languages . We propose an approach to estimate the translation probability of a query term according to its effect on CLIR. We are interested in realizing 1 the possibility of predicting a query term to be translated or not; 2 whether the prediction can effectively improve CLIR performance; and 3 how untranslated OOV and various translations of non-OOV terms affect CLIR performance. Interest in Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR has grown rapidly in recent years l 2 3 . To perform such benchmark  , we use the documents of TREC6 CLIR data AP88-90 newswire  , 750MB with officially provided 25 short French-English queries pairs CL1-CL25. Based on the observation that the CLIR performance heavily relies on the quality of the suggested queries  , this benchmark measures the quality of CLQS in terms of its effectiveness in helping CLIR. The actual CLIR research seeks to answer the question how fuzzy translation should be applied in an automatic CLIR query formulation and interactive CLIR to achieve the best possible retrieval performance. One promising method is LCS longest common subsequence and another skipgrams 8. Both CLIR and CLTC are based on some computation of the similarity between texts  , comparing documents with queries or class profiles. On the other hand  , there is a rich literature addressing the related problem of Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR. The main difficulties for CLIR are the disambiguation of the query term in the source and target language and the identification of the query language. CLIR is characterized by differences in query and document language 3. Next we examined transitive retrieval to gauge its impact on notranslation CLIR. We first explored the viability of no-translation CLIR on a broader range of disparate language pairs than has been heretofore reported. Based on this fundamental idea of CLIR  , we can define a corresponding Mixed-script IR MSIR setup as follows. Note that all the documents in a typical CLIR setup are assumed to be written in the corresponding native scripts. What is shown at each point in the figure is the monolingual percentage of the CLIR MAP. The resulting good performance of CLIR corresponds to the high quality of the suggested queries. In this paper  , we propose to use CLQS as an alternative to query translation  , and test its effectiveness in CLIR tasks. In the other experiments  , the English queries are translated into French and French queries are translated into English using various tools: 2. This is not CLIR  , but is used as a reference point with which CLIR performance is compared. Since monolingual retrieval is a special case of CLIR  , where the query terms and document terms happen to be of the same language e.g. The retrieval model was originally proposed for CLIR. Nonetheless  , the results suggest that a simple dictionary-based approach can be as effective as a sophisticated MT system for CLIR. Therefore  , we cannot draw a firm conclusion about the retrieval advantage of probabilistic CLIR without further study. In order to analyze how good our query translation approach for CLIR  , we display in Fig. It is also interesting to find that the best CLIR performance is over 100% of the monolingual. We performed three official automatic CLIR runs and 29 post-hoc automatic CLIR runs. It therefore seems to be a good candidate for further study  , and an appropriate choice if a method Overall  , English-French CLIR was very effective  , achieving at least 90% of monolingual MAP when translation alternatives with very low probability were excluded. This is also one of very few recent studies to empirically explore the value of multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies for CLIR. We also show that such dictionaries contribute to CLIR performance . Such effectiveness is consistent across different translation approaches as well as benchmarks. Experiments on NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 English- Chinese CLIR tasks show that CLIR performance can be significantly improved based on our approach. Paradoxically  , technical terms and names are not generally found in electronic translation dictionaries utilised by MT and CLIR systems. Their correct translation therefore is crucial for good performance of machine translation MT and cross-language information retrieval CLIR systems. In dictionary-based CLIR queries are translated into the language of documents through electronic dictionaries. In CLIR a user may use his or her native language in searching for foreign language documents 4. In each case  , we formed title+description queries in the same manner as for the automatic monolingual run. Our most relevant work 10  presented a method to predict the performance of CLIR according to translation quality and ease of queries. Few did pose the problem of predicting CLIR performance or whether to translate a query term or not. The reader is referred to the technical report by Oard and Dorr for an excellent review of the CLIR literature 18. Our goal is to assess the UMLS Metathesaurus based CLIR approach within this context. Moreover we investigate how a controlled vocabulary can be used to conduct free-text based CLIR. For English-Chinese CLIR  , we accumulated search topics from TREC-5 and TREC-6  , which used the same Chinese document collection. The French queries serve to establish a useful upper baseline for CLIR effectiveness. The effectiveness of the various query translation methods for CLIR was then investigated. A CLIR BMIR-J2 collection was constructed by manually translating the Japanese BMIR-J2 requests into English. Most present CLIR methods fall into three categories: dictionary-based  , MT-based and corpus-based methods 1 . CLIR is to retrieve documents in one language target language providing queries in another language source language. The most challenging aspect is the search capability of the system  , which is referred to as crosslingual information retrieval CLIR. Table 5shows that probabilistic CLIR using our system outperforms the three runs using SYSTRAN  , but the improvement over the combined MT run is very small. WEAVER was used to induce a bilingual lexicon for our approach to CLIR. RUN1: To provide a baseline for our CLIR results  , we used BableFish to " manually " translate each Chinese query. The following three runs were performed in our Chinese to English CLIR experiments: 1. Applications for alignments other than CLIR  , such as automatic dictionary extraction  , thesaurus generation and others  , are possible for the future. Use of the alignments for CLIR gives excellent results  , proving their value for realworld applications. Multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies   , however  , are an underrepresented class of CLIR resources. CLIR methods involving machine translation systems  , bilingual dictionaries  , parallel and comparable collections are currently being  explored. Our approach to CLIR in MEDLINE is to exploit the UMLS Metathesaurus and its multilingual components. From our perspective  , it is evident that given the nature of the TREC collections  , CLIR approaches based upon multilingual thesauri remain difficult to explore. Research in the area of CLIR has focused mainly on methods for query translation. With the explosion of on-line non-English documents  , crosslanguage information retrieval CLIR systems have become increasingly important in recent years. However  , previous work showed that English- Chinese CLIR using simple dictionary translation yields a performance lower than 60% of the monolingual performance 14. Bilingual dictionaries have been used in several CLIR experiments. Although the principle of using parallel texts in CLIR is similar  , the approaches used may be very different. Parallel texts have been used in several studies on CLIR 2  , 6  , 19. tasks. There might be two possible reasons. 2 11 queries with monolingual Avg. P lower than CLIR. The multilingual information retrieval problem we tackle is therefore a generalization of CLIR. Section 2 introduces the statistical approach to CLIR. The paper is arranged as follows. Table 6shows examples of queries transformed through both alternatives. CLIR performance observed for this query set. 2 11 queries with monolingual average precision lower than CLIR. cross-language performance is 87.94% of the monolingual performance. Table 5: Performances of the CLIR runs. Similar as for MoIR  , the combined CLIR models are also compared. Test II: Combined Models. Based on the results of this study our future research will involve the identification of language pairs for which fuzzy translation is effective  , the improvement of the rules for example  , utilising rule co-occurrence information  , testing the effects of tuning a confidence factor by a specific language pair  , selecting the best TRT and fuzzy matching combination  , and testing how to apply fuzzy translation in actual CLIR research. The Ad Hoc task provides a useful opportunity for us to get new people familiar with the tools that we will be using in the CLIR track|this year we submitted a single oocial Ad Hoc run using Inquery 3.1p1 with the default settings. For TREC-7 and TDT-2 we had been using PRISE  , but our interest in trying out Pirkola's technique for CLIR led to our choice of Inquery for CLIR TREC-8. Because the commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions  , with no manual changes done to the dictionaries or the translations  , the performance level of the CLIR queries achieved in the study can be achieved in practice in an operational CLIR setting. The results presented in this paper show that MRD-based CLIR queries perform almost as well as monolingual queries  , if domain specific MRD is used together with general MRD and queries are structured on the basis of the output of dictionaries . The study used a structuring method  , in which those words that were derived from the same Finnish word were grouped into the same facet. Even though a common approach in CLIR is to perform query translation QT using a bilingual dictionary 32  , there were studies showing that combining both QT and document translation DT improved retrieval performance in CLIR by using bilingual representations in both the source and target language 28  , 19  , 7  , 4. Cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR addresses the problem of retrieving documents written in a language different from the query language 30. We then showed that the probabilistic structured query method is a special case of our meaning matching model when only query translation knowledge is used. The CLIR experiments reported in this section were performed using the TREC 2002 CLIR track collection  , which contains 383 ,872 articles from the Agence France Press AFP Arabic newswire  , 50 topic descriptions written in English  , and associated relevance judgments 12. The documents were stemmed using Al-Stem a freely available standard resource from the TREC CLIR track  , diacritics were removed  , and normalization was performed to convert the letters ya Experiments for English and Dutch MoIR  , as well as for English-to-Dutch and Dutch-to-English CLIR using benchmarking CLEF 2001-2003 collections and queries demonstrate the utility of our novel MoIR and CLIR models based on word embeddings induced by the BWESG model. C3 We construct a novel unified framework for ad-hoc monolingual MoIR and cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR which relies on the induced word embeddings and constructed query and document embeddings. Section 5 presents the results  , Section 6 suggests future work  , and Section 7 concludes. Section 4 discusses our CLIR approaches. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR refers to retrieval when the query and the database are in different languages. 2 In this section  , we show the effectiveness of our approach for CLIR. 5illustrates the impact of the variable k. The results are available in tab. 1997 found that their corpus-based CLIR queries performed almost as well as the monolingual baseline queries. Sheridan et al. Our approach is independent of stemmers  , part of speech taggers and parsers. We investigate query translation based CLIR here. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR remains a difficult task. This makes using methods developed for automatic machine translation problematic. Hence  , CLIR experiments were performed with different translations: i.e. First comparative experiments only focused on the querytranslation model. Phrasal translation approach 17  , 11 was inspected for improving CLIR performance. Improving translation accuracy is important for query translation . However  , our approach is unique in several senses. This approach uses intuition similar to He's work on CLIR 9. This is importmt in a CLIR environment. 'h LCA expansion has higher precision at low recall levels. Automatic phrase identification methods have been developed for CLIR environment Ballesteros & Croft  , 1997 . This results in decreased precision. It also shows that monolingual performance is not necessarily the upper bound of CLIR performance. This result confirms the intuition. Moving from the global perspective to an individual level  , CLIR is useful  , for example  , for the people  , who are able to understand a foreign language  , but have difficulty in using it actively. The need of CLIR systems in today's world is obvious. The focus of this paper is on machine learning-based CLIR approaches and on metrics to measure orthogonality between these systems. Various publications have investigated different methods of system combination for CLIR  , including logical operations on retrieved sets 3   , voting procedures based on retrieval scores 1  , or machine learning techniques that learn combination weights directly from relevance rankings 14. Translation experiments and CLIR experiments are based on the CLEF topic titles C041-C200  , which are capitalized  , contain stopwords and full word forms. The effect of QR for NLP is investigated by evaluating the baseline method for query translation  , which is a typical task for CLIR. Technical terms and proper names constitute a major problem in dictionary-based CLIR  , since usually just the most commonly used technical terms and names are found in translation dictionaries. Direct comparison to techniques based on language modeling would be more difficult to interpret because vector space and language modeling handle issues such as smoothing and DF differently. In addition to the ambiguity problem  , each of the approaches to CLIR has drawbacks associated with the availability of resources. Despite promising experimental results with each of these approaches   , the main hurdle to improved CLIR effectiveness is resolving ambiguity associated with translation. In this paper  , we look at CLIR from a statistical modelling perspective  , similarly to how the problems of part-of-speech tagging  , speech recognition  , and machine translation have been  , successfully  , approached. The problem of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR extends the information retrieval framework by assuming that queries and documents are not in the same language. Dictionary based CLIR was explored by several groups including New Mexico State University 8  , University of Massachusetts l  , and the Xerox Research Center Europe ll. Thirteen groups participated in the CLIR track introduced in TREC-6  , with documents and queries in German   , English  , French and queries in Dutch and Spanish as well. An overview of the technical issues involved in supporting CLIR within the European Library with a specific focus on user query translation can be found in Agosti1. Much of the research conducted in this area has focused on supporting more effective cross-language information retrieval CLIR. It is certainly true that nonparticipants might have more difficulties in interpreting their results based on the small size of the CLIR pool  , as Twenty-One points out. We are however confident that participants receive valuable results from their evaluation through the CLIR track. In English-Chinese CLIR  , pre-translation query expansion means using a separate English collection for pretranslation retrieval in order to expand the English query with highly associated English terms. In CLIR  , queries can be expanded prior to translation  , after translation or both before and after translation. Our experiments of CLIR showed that the triple translation has a positive impact on the query translation  , and results in significant improvements of CLIR performance over the co-occurrence method. The translations using triples showed three main benefits: a more precise translation; an extension of the coverage of the bilingual dictionary; and the possibility to train the model using unrelated bilingual corpora. Finding translations in general dictionaries for CLIR encounters the problems of the translation of unknown queries -especially for short queries and the availability of up-to-date lexical resources. The obtained experimental results have shown its effectiveness in efficiently generating translation equivalents of various unknown query terms and improving retrieval performance for conventional CLIR approaches. It has been suggested that CLIR can potentially utilize the multiple useful translations in a bilingual lexicon to improve retrieval performance Klavans and Hovy  , 1999. The major difference between MT-based CLIR and our approach is that the former uses one translation per term and the latter uses multiple translations. Section 3 then introduces our meaning matching model and explains how some previously known CLIR techniques can be viewed as restricted implementations of meaning matching . In Section 2  , we review previous work on CLIR using query translation  , document translation  , and merged result sets. Research on CLIR has therefore focused on three main questions: 1 which terms should be translated ? In order to create broadly useful systems that are computationally tractable  , it is common in information retrieval generally  , and in CLIR in particular  , to treat terms independently . Although not strictly an upper bound because of expansion effects  , it is quite common in CLIR evaluation to compare the effectiveness of a CLIR system with a monolingual baseline. We therefore feel that our monolingual baseline for Chinese is a reasonable one. More generally  , this research is motivated by the fact that  , relative to dictionaries and collection based strategies  , thesauri remain unexplored in the recent CLIR context. Our thesaurus based CLIR approach seeks to overcome both problems  , allowing free-text user queries and considering the free-text portions of documents during retrieval. Combining the UMLS Metathesaurus with a MEDLINE test database enables an empirical investigation of a high quality multilingual thesaurus as a resource for free-text based CLIR using two broad approaches: document translation and query translation. Even though precomputation can improve the efficiency of our system as we discussed earlier  , we expect MT-based CLIR would still be faster due to a sparser term-document matrix. It is about 10 times as fast as our CLIR system in the above experiments. One might wonder whether we can use the Arabic monolingual thesaurus to improve CLIR. Although their impact on CLIR performance is small  , spelling normalization and stemming are still useful because they reduce the need for memory because there are fewer entries in the lexicon and they improve the retrieval speed by simplifying the score computation. The left graph shows a comparison of doing English-German CLIR using the alignments  , the wordlist or the combination of both. Some caution is appropriate with regard to the scope of the conclusions because this was the first year with a CLIR task at the TREC conference  , and the size of the query set was rather small. Research in CLIR explores techniques for retrieving documents in one language in response to queries in a different language. This challenge has contributed to the increasing popularity of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR among researchers in the Information Retrieval IR community in recent years. The most obvious approach to CLIR is by either translating the queries into the language of the target documents or translating the documents into the language of the queries. The problem of multilingual text retrieval has a long history. Other specific works on CLIR within the multilingual semantic web may be found in 17 and 18   , while a complete overview of the ongoing research on CLIR is available at the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum CLEF 3   , one of the major references concerning the evaluation of multilingual information access systems. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses the situation where the query that a user presents to an IR system  , is not in the same language as the corpus of documents being searched. However  , as shown in various submissions to the CLIR tracks of TREC  , researchers often failed to locate resources  , either free or commercial  , for translating directly between major However  , as the translation resource is constant across the experiments in the paper  , we were confident this would not affect the comparison of triangulation to other CLIR techniques. EuroWordNet has a small phrase vocabulary  , which we anticipated would reduce the effectiveness of our CLIR system. Thus  , it is important for a translation system based CLIR approach to maintain the uncertainty in translating queries when queries are ambiguous. However  , when a query is truly ambiguous and multiple possible translations need to be considered  , a translation based CLIR approach can perform poorly. OOV problem consists of having a dictionary that is not able to completely cover all terms of a language or  , more generally  , of a domain . MRD-based approaches demonstrated to be effective for addressing the CLIR problem ; however  , when CLIR systems are applied to specific domains  , they suffer of the " Out-Of-Vocabulary " OOV issue 7. These components interact  , respectively  , with the MT services and with the domain-specific ontology deployed on the CLIR system. The proposed CLIR system provides two different components for transforming the queries formulated by users into the final ones performed on the index. The goal of the presented study was the investigation on the effectiveness of integrating semantic domain-specific resources  , like ontologies  , into a CLIR context. In this work  , we have presented a CLIR system based on the combination of the usage of domain-specific multilingual ontologies i for expanding queries and ii for enriching document representation with the index in a multilingual environment. We obtained monolingual baselines for each language pair by retrieving documents with TD queries formulated from search topics that are expressed in the same language as the documents. Scanning the papers of CLIR Track participants in TREC-9 and TREC-2001  , we observe a trend toward the fusion of multiple resources in an attempt to improve lexical coverage. It has even been suggested that CLIR evaluations may be measuring resource quality foremost or equivalently  , financial status 7. We also show how to use the alignments to extend the classical CLIR problem to a scenario where mono-and cross-language result lists are merged. The alignments are then used for building a cross-language information retrieval system  , and the results of this system using the TREC-6 CLIR data are given. In CLIR  , queries are translated from the source language to the target language  , and the original and translated queries are used to retrieve documents in both the source and targeted languages. Cross-language information retrieval CLIR has emerged as an important research area since the amount of multilingual web resources is increasing rapidly. This strategy works well with many relevant documents retrieved in the initial top n  , but is less successful when the initial retrieval effectiveness is poor  , which is commonly the case in CLIR where initial retrieval performance is affected by translation accuracy see  , e.g. In CLIR  , PRF can be used prior or post translation or both for pre/post-translation query expansion see  , 16. However  , research funding by such projects as TIDES 1   , indicates that there is a need  , within intelligence organisations at least  , for CLIR systems using poor translation resources and pivots. Many applications of CLIR rely on large bilingual translation resources for required language pairs. Contributions. Indeed  , the impressive CLIR performance was typically observed in the following settings: 1 test documents were general-domain news stories i.e. CLIR systems' proven ability to rank news stories might not transfer readily to other genres such as medical journal articles – a point also raised by 16. Let L1 be the source language and L2 be the target language in CLIR  , all our corpus-based methods consist of the following steps: 1. We outline the corpus-based CLIR methods and a MT-based approach  , with pointers to the literature where detailed descriptions can be found. Benchmarked using TREC 6 French to English CLIR task  , CLQS demonstrates higher effectiveness than the traditional query translation methods using either bilingual dictionary or commercial machine translation tools. To further test the quality of the suggested queries  , CLQS system is used as a query " translation " system in CLIR tasks. Davis and Dunning 1996 and Davis 1997 also found that the performance of MRD-based CLIR queries was much poorer than that of monolingual queries. Ballesteros and Croft 1997 studied the effect of corpus-based query expansion on CLIR performance  , and found that expansion helped to counteract the negative effects of translation failures. A common problem with past research on MT-based CLIR is that a direct comparison of retrieval results with other approaches is difficult because the lexical resources inside most commercial MT systems cannot be directly accessed. Past studies that used MT systems for CLIR include Oard  , 1998; Ballesteros and Croft  , 1998. Tools for CLIR such as dictionaries are not universally available in every language needed or in every domain covered in digital libraries. More recently the generalized vector space model has shown good potential for CLIR 6. Interestingly  , this assumption yielded good results in the English-F'rench CLIR runs. As reported in 24  , another interesting angle in the CLIR track is the approach taken by Cornell University wherein they exploit the fact that there are many similar looking words between French and English   , i.e. , near cognates. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the necessity of translating query terms  , which might differ from one term to another. This paper has proposed an approach to automatically translate unknown queries for CLIR using the dynamic Web as the corpus. The most important difference between them is the fact that CLIR is based on queries  , consisting of a few words only  , whereas in CLTC each class is defined by an extensive profile which may be seen as a weighted collection of documents. In developing techniques for CLTC  , we want to keep in mind the lessons learned in CLIR. At query time  , the CLIR system may perform the construction of three types of queries  , starting from the ones formulated by users  , based on the system configuration: 1. CLIR systems need to be robust enough to tackle textual variations or errors both at the query end and at the document end. Our method of fuzzy text search could be used in any type of CLIR system irrespective of their underlying retrieval models. Explicitly expressing term dependency relations has produced good results in monolingual retrieval 9  , 18   , but extending that idea to CLIR has not proven to be straightforward. Although word-by-word translation provides the starting point for query translation approaches to CLIR  , there has been much work on using term co-occurrence statistics to select the most appropriate translations 10  , 15  , 1  , 21 . Query translation approaches for cross-language information retrieval CLIR can be pursued either by applying a machine translation MT system or by using a token-to-token bilingual mapping. Experiments on the TREC-5/6 English-Chinese CLIR task show that our new approach yields promising although not statistically significant improvements over that baseline. Even for Spanish- Chinese CLIR  , we used the English projection to place documents of both languages in the reduced space where the actual CLIR-task is performed. In our method k is a parameter of the MDS-projection and results were computed by placing all test documents into the English maps. However  , when MRD translation was supplemented with parts-of-speech POS disambiguation  , or POS and corpus-based disambiguation   , CLIR queries performed much better. We propose that translating pieces of words sequences of n characters in a row  , called character n-grams can be as effective as translating words while conveying additional benefits for CLIR. Most cross-language information retrieval CLIR systems work by translating words from the source i.e. , query language to the target i.e. , document language. In pure thesaurus based retrieval  , documents and queries are matched through their thesaurus based representations   , with document representations derived by an indexer and query representations provided by users. In Oard's hierarchical classification scheme of the CLIR methods 17  , our work falls under the thesaurus based free-text CLIR category. As summarized by Schauble and Sheridan 24  the TREC- 6 CLIR results appear consistent with previous results in that the performances typically range between 50 and 75% of the corresponding monolingual baselines. Soergel describes a general framework for the use of multilingual thesauri in CLIR 27   , noting that a number of operational European systems employ multilingual thesauri such as UDC and LCSH for indexing and searching. Query translation  , which aims to translate queries in one language into another used in documents  , has been widely adopted in CLIR. We highlight that query terms needing no translation may result from intrinsical ineffectiveness in CLIR  , semantic recovery by query expansion  , or poor translation quality. Its correct Chinese translations result in average precision AP of 0.5914 for CLIR. Consider the query: " Peru President  , Fujimori  , bribery scandal  , the 2000 election  , exile abroad  , impeach  , Congress of Peru "   , which is obtained based on the description field from a NTCIR-5 English-Chinese CLIR topic after stop words removal. Section 4 then describes the design of an experiment in which three variants of meaning matching are compared to strong monolingual and CLIR baselines. Therefore  , our findings should only be interpreted as the meaning matching technique could potentially outperform one of the best known query translation techniques. One of the simplest yet well performing approaches to CLIR is based on query translation using an existing Statistical Machine Translation SMT system which is treated as a black box. Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR addresses the problem of ranking documents whose language differs from the query language. The fact that our approach outperformed one of the best commercial MT systems indicates that some specific translation tools designed for query translation in CLIR may be better than on-the-shelf MT systems. Through our experiments  , we showed that each of the above methods leads to some improvement  , and that the combined approach significantly improves CLIR performance. For evaluating the effectiveness of the CLIR system  , different standard metrics have been adopted. Since the evaluation of the Organic . Lingua CLIR system is based on the methodology introduced by CLEF 21 ,22  , the same metrics will be used for evaluating the described system. We also presented a revised version of the co-occurrence model. For patent search in compounding languages  , the CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than for other language pairs 3  , 7 . Since patents are often written in different languages  , cross-language information retrieval CLIR is usually an essential component of effective patent search. Recently  , approaches exploiting the use of semantics have been explored. In both works  , the results demonstrated that the idea of using domain specific resources for CLIR is promising. Both NUS and NIfWP queries were divided into two subtypes  , structured and unstructured queries. However  , the performance can be improved by supplemental methods and by structuring of queries. Thus  , the previous studies show that simple MRD-based CLIR queries perform poorly. CLIR typically involve translating queries from one language to another. Furthermore   , these texts are often mixed with English  , which makes detection of transliterated text quite difficult. We proposed and evaluated a novel approach to extracting bilingual terminology from comparable corpora in CLIR. Ongoing research includes word sense disambiguation  , phrasal translation and thesauri enrichment. Exploiting different translation models revealed to be highly effective. In this paper  , we proposed a method to leverage click-through data to extract query translation pairs. Moreover  , it can extract semantically relevant query translations to benefit CLIR. 2 reports the enhancement on CLIR by post-translation expansion. This observation has led to the development of cross-lingual query expansion CLQE techniques 2  , 16  , 18. From a statistical perspective  , the CLIR problem can be formulated as follows. English  , within a collection D. More formally  , documents should be ranked according to the posterior probability: This phenomenon motivates us to explore whether a query term should be translated or not. In other words  , query translation may cause deterioration of CLIR performance. Still others are affected by the translation quality obtained. Some should-not-betranslated terms inherently suffer from their ineffectiveness in CLIR. Score normalisation is not necessary for the web task  , but is relevant for other tasks like CLIR and topic tracking. A second experiment dealt with score normalisation. Conventionally CLIR approaches 4 ,7 ,8 ,12 ,21 have focused mainly on incorporating dictionaries and domain-specific bilingual corpora for query translation 6 ,10 ,18. Finally  , in Section 6  , we present our conclusions. This is also observed in our experiments. However  , recent studies show that CLIR results can be better than monolingual retrieval results 24. The advantage of the dictionary-based approach is also twofold. These properties make it the ideal search strategy in an interactive CLIR environment. We contrast and compare our recent work as CLIR/DLF postdoctoral fellows placed in three different institutions 2. Here  , we approach these questions from a practical standpoint. On English-Chinese CLIR  , our focus was put on finding effective ways for query translation. The best combination of them is used for our Chinese monolingual IR. 4a comparison of the retrieval results for the 25 queries. We have a large English-Chinese bilingual dictionary from LDC. Finally  , Section 8 states some conclusions. Section 6 presents experimental results and Section 7 compares the presented CLIR method to other statistical approaches found in the literature . The above experiment demonstrates the effectiveness of using CLQS to suggest relevant queries for CLIR enhancement. The 11-point P-R curves are drawn in Figure 3. The runs which do candidate selection fig. On the other hand  , a few topics especially topics 209 and 229 benefit strongly from the CLIR approach. Corpus based methods have also been investigated independent of dictionaries. Their research also supports the findings of Hull and Grefenstette 14 that phrase translations are important for CLIR. Another possible solution to the problem of translation ambiguity is by using word sense disambiguation. Applying the research results in that area will be helpful. Term disambiguation has been a subject of intensive study in CLIR Ballesteros  , 1998. The effect on CLIR queries was small  , as the Finnish queries did not have many phrases. Phrase identification probably favoured the baseline queries. Therefore the main task in CLIR is not translating sentences but translating phrases. Most IR queries are quite short  , i.e. , they are most words or phrases. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR deals with the problem of finding documents written in a language different from the one used for query formulation. Finally  , Section 6 concludes. Two reports have measured retrieval performance as a function of resources for English-Chinese retrieval. A few investigations have examined the effect of resource size on CLIR performance. Therefore  , it gives a good indication on the possible impact on query translation. This expansion task is very similar to the translation selection in CLIR. The CLIR model described in 5 is based on the following decomposition: In particular  , the models proposed in 5  , 18  , 1 are considered. Large English- Chinese bilingual dictionaries are now available. For example  , " violation " in query #56 is translated to the more common " " rather than " -- " . Despite the reasonable average percentual increase  , most of the differences are not significant. The numbers in table 1 show that the CLIR approach in general outperforms our baseline. Groups experimenting with such approaches during this or former CLIR tracks include Eurospider  , IBM and the University of Montreal. Corpus-based approaches are also popular. A second approach we used for translation is based on automatic dictionary lookup. Overall  , both translations are quite adequate for CLIR. In this paper  , we explore several methods to improve query translation for English-Chinese CLIR. Finally  , we present our conclusion in Section 6. We evaluate the three proposed query translation models on CLIR experiments on TREC Chinese collections. Statistical significance test i.e. , t-test is also employed. This probably favoured the baseline queries. Pair-wise pvalues are shown in Table 4. Statistical t-test 13 is conducted to indicate whether the CLQS-based CLIR performs significantly better. In brief sum  , " to-translate-or-not-to-translate " is influenced by various and complicated causes. In CLIR  , given the expense of translation  , a user is likely to be interested in the top few retrieved documents. 1.0. However  , it is often a reasonable choice to transliterate certain OOV words  , especially the Named Entities NEs. There are several ways to cross the language barriers in CLIR systems. Nie 2 exposes in detail the need for cross-language and multilingual IR. Section 2 presents an overview of the works carried out in the field of CLIR systems. The remainder of the paper is structured as follows. The Arabic topics were used in our monolingual experiments and the English topics in our CLIR experiments. Each topic has three versions  , Arabic  , English and French. Within the project Twenty-One a system is built that supports Crosslanguage Information Retrieval CLIR. Currently disambiguation in Twenty-One can be pursued in four ways: Query translation is usually selected for practical reasons of eeciency. In CLIR  , essentially either queries or documents or both need to be translated from one language to another. Thecompared AveP and G AveP. Table 3summarises the results of our " swap " experiments using the NTCIR-3 CLIR Chinese and Japanese data. However  , it should be stressed that MT and IR have widely divergent concerns. At first glance  , MT seems to be the ideal tool for CLIR. Half of the topics shows an increase in average precision  , the other half a decrease. 5b and 5c seem to benefit more from the CLIR approach. Section 3 describes our CLIR experiments with and without our automatically discovered dictionary entries. In Section 2  , we present our transliteration techniques. Results are presented and discussed in Section 4. They concluded that even if the translation ambiguity were solved correctly  , only limited improvement can be obtained. 3 9 queries with monolingual average precision higher than CLIR. Our method is unable to deal with the translation of non-compositional NPs. This makes it worth finding how effective CHI is in CLIR when compared to WM1. The advantage of this calculation is its efficiency  , compared to that of WM1. 16  develops a cross-lingual relevancy model by leveraging the crosslingual co-occurrence statistics in parallel texts. In Section 3  , we presented a discriminative model for cross lingual query suggestion. The following list of user requirements related to CLIR was derived: Together with the observation notes  , the scenarios served to identify key factors for system design. In cross-language IR either documents or queries have to be translated. Other examples of the use of CLIR are given by Oard and Dorr 1996. The last section summarizes this work and outlines directions for future work. We induced a bilingual lexicon from the translated corpus by treating the translated corpus as a pseudo-parallel corpus. The system achieved roughly 90% of monolingual performance in retrieving Chinese documents and 85% in retrieving Spanish documents. We proposed and evaluated a probabilistic CLIR retrieval system. We define translation  , expansion  , and replacement features. CLIR features are the key to learning what characteristics make a term favorable or adverse for translation. Another group of useful features are CLIR features. Context features are effective through inspecting retrieval results  , but such features meantime suffer from higher cost of computation. To overcome the language barrier in cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , either queries or documents are translated into the language of their counterparts. Section 5 concludes this work. Thus we argue that the DICT model gives a reasonable baseline. However  , the MorphAdorner dictionary is an unusually large and clean knowledge base by CLIR standards. One reason is simply the cost of existing linguistic resources  , such as dictionaries. Another problem associated with the dictionary-based method is the problem in translating compound-noun phrases in a query. This is called the ambiguity problem in CLIR. In this section  , we describe the approach we have adopted for addressing the CLIR problem. Both resources are expressed with SKOS format. A gold standard that  , for each query  , provides the list of the relevant documents used to evaluate the results provided by the CLIR system. 3. SMT-based CLIR-methods clearly outperform all others. Table 2shows the performance of single retrieval systems according to MAP  , NDCG  , and PRES. In the following sections  , we first describe the system and the language resources employed for the TREC-8 CLIR track. Finally  , we summarize our work. In TREC-10 the Berkeley group participated only in the English-Arabic cross-language retrieval CLIR track. We refer the readers to the paper in 1 for details. one such technique of implementing fuzzy text search for CLIR to solve the above mentioned problems. ACM 978-1-60558-483-6/09/07. For the former  , the average precision was 0.28  , and for the latter 0.20. Previous studies McCarley  , 1999 suggested that such a combination can improve CLIR performance. Documents were then ranked based on the combined scores. Research in the area of cross-language information retrieval CLIR has focused mainly on methods for translating queries. Work at ETH has focused SB96  on using In particular we concentrate on the comparison of various query translation methods. We have explored a CLIR method for MEDLINE using only the multilingual Metathesaurus for query translation . The second and third query versions Q' Such approaches pursue the reduction of erroneous or irrelevant translations in hope that the CLIR performance could approach to that of monolingual information retrieval MIR. words translation 7. NTCIR test collection and SMART retrieval system were used to evaluate the proposed strategies in CLIR. EDR and EDICT bilingual Japanese-English dictionaries were used in translation. Results showed that larger lexicon sources  , phrase translation  , and disambiguation techniques improve CLIR performance significantly and consistently on TREC-9 corpus. Our results confirmed our intuition. However  , MT systems are available for only a few pairs of languages. A good MT system  , if available  , may perform query translation of reasonable quality for CLIR purposes. In comparison with MT  , this approach is more flexible. In this paper  , we investigated the possibility of replacing MT with a probabilistic model for CLIR. Many questions need to be answered. 3 Finally  , there are still rooms to improve the utilization of a probabilistic model for CLIR. This year we approached TREC Genomics using a cross language IR CLIR techniques. We expect better results when the initial concept recognition is more complete. The results have shown that the use of domain-specific resources for enriching the document representation and for performing a semantic expansion of queries is a suitable approach for improving the effectiveness of CLIR systems. However  , except for very early work with small databases 22   , there has been little empirical evaluation of multilingual thesauri controlled vocabularies in the context of free-text based CLIR  , particularIy when compared to dictionary and corpus-based methods. There have been three main approaches to CLIR: translation via machine translation tectilques ~ad94; parallel or comparable corpora-based methods lJX195aj LL90  , SB96  , and dictionary-based methods Sa172 ,Pev72  , HG96  , BC96. Increased availabMy of on-line text in languages other than English and increased multi-national collaboration have motivated research in cross-language information retrieval CLIR -the development of systems to perform retrieval across languages. CLIR has received more attention than any other querytime replacement problem in recent years  , and several effective techniques are now known. In this paper  , presently known techniques for query-time replacement are reviewed  , new techniques that leverage estimates of replacement probabilities are introduced  , and experiment results that demonstrate improved retrieval effectiveness in two applications Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR and retrieval of scanned documents based on Optical Character Recognition OCR are presented. In the last decade  , however  , with the growth in the number of Web users  , the need of facing the problem of the language barriers for exchanging information has notably increased and the need for CLIR systems in everyday life has become more and more clear the recent book by J.-Y. International organizations  , governments of multi-lingual countries  , to name the most important ones  , have been traditional users of CLIR systems. Since the main goal of the presented work consists of exploring the impact of domain-specific semantic resources on the effectiveness of CLIR systems  , in our investigations we will focus on the strategies for matching textual inputs to ontological concepts applied to both the query and the documents in the target collection rather than on the translation of the textual query. It is caused by that statistical features reflect the underlying distribution of translated terms in the document collection  , and also that CLIR features reveal the degree of translation necessity. Statistical features consistently achieve better R 2 than CLIR features  , which are followed by linguistic features R 2 of linguistic features is the same across different corpora since such properties remain still despite change of languages. We have demonstrated that using statistical term similarity measures to enhance the dictionary-based query-translation CLIR method  , particularly in term disambiguation and query expansion  , can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness. The result of our study suggests that the two major research issues in CLIR  , namely  , term ambiguity and phrase recognition and translation 3  , 4  , 10  , are also the main sources of problem in dictionary-based query translation techniques. Post-hoc CLIR results are reported on all 75 topics from TREC 2001 and TREC 2002. For the official CLIR runs we tried these following configurations: For the post-hoc experiments  , we used PSE  , pre-translation query expansion  , one of four methods Pirkola's method  , Weighted TF  , Weighted DF  , or Weighted TF/DF  , and a probability threshold that was varied between 0.1 and 0.7 in increments of 0.1. One reason is that ad-hoc CLEF tasks evaluate CLIR systems as a whole; there is no direct comparison of alternative solutions for specific system components  , such as translation strategies given a fixed set of translation resources  , or resource acquisition techniques given a fixed translation strategy. The CLEF evaluation campaigns are  , probably  , the largest and most comprehensive research initiative for CLIR; but they are far from being complete. Queries were automatically formed from the title and description elds  , and we automatically performed limited stop structure removal based on a list of typical stop structure observed in earlier TREC queries e.g. , A relevant document will contain". Examples of these approaches are presented in 3 and 4 where frequency statistics are used for selecting the translation of a term; contrariwise  , in 5 and 6 more sophisticated techniques exploiting term co-occurrence statistics are described. A plethora of literature about cross lingual information retrieval CLIR exists. Tanaka- Ishii and Nakagawa 32 developed a tool for language learners to perform multilingual search to find usage of foreign languages. These methods follow a very similar pattern: the query 28 or the target document set 3 is automatically translated and search is then performed using standard monolingual search. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file formats  , such as e.g. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 18. Jeff Rothenberg together with CLIR 25  envision a framework of an ideal preservation surrounding for emulation. A example is to run Microsoft WORD 1.0 on a Linux operating system emulating Windows 3.1. Emulation requires sufficient knowledge from the user about the computer environment and dependencies of components. In 15 a cross-language medical information retrieval system has been implemented by exploiting for translations   , a thesaurus enriched with medical information. Since then  , research in CLIR has grown to cover a wider variety of languages and techniques. Their results showed that the effectiveness of cross-language retrieval was almost the same as that of monolingual retrieval. Such a technique has been shown to improve CLIR performance. A technique that can be used to alleviate the impact of the above problems is by identifying phrases in the query and translating them using a phrase dictionary. This more general problem will also be investigated in the CLIR track for the upcoming TREC-7 conference. In this case  , the alignments help overcome the problem of different RSV scales. Quality assessment independent of a specific application will be discussed in the following  , whereas an evaluation of the alignments for use in CLIR can be found in section 4. In this paper  , both ideas are investigated. There are various reasons for textual variations like spelling variations  , dialectal variations  , morphological variations etc. The English NL/S and NUWP queries that provided the basis for Finnish queries  , were also used as baselines for CLIR queries see Figure 1. The test MRDs were not used in this phase. The syn-operator treats its operand search keys as instances of the same key. The syn-operator was used in structured CLIR queries; the words of the same facet were combined by the syn-operator. One possible way by which structuring disambiguates CLIR queries is that it enforces " conjunctive " relationships between search keys. The latter requires a human interpreter to identify the concepts in the requests. Translating pieces of words seems odd. In this paper  , we proposed several approaches to improve dictionary-based query translation for CLIR. We also presented a method of translation selection based on the cohesion among translation words. The latter runs the decoder directly with the new weights. The former reuses hypergraphs/lattices produced with the MIRA-tuned weights and applies new weights to find an alternative  , CLIR-optimized  , derivation. WE-VS. Our new retrieval model which relies on the induction of word embeddings and their usage in the construction of query and document embeddings is described in sect. use the same families of models for both MoIR and CLIR. Sometimes such expressions are written identically in different languages and no translation is needed. We argue that the above conclusion does not hold in general. Translating the query  , while preserving the weights from 1. All of the correlation values exceed 0.6  , and therefore are statistically highly significant. shows Kendall's rank correlations with the NTCIR-3 CLIR Chinese data for all pairs of IR metrics considered in this study. We propose a novel approach to learning from comparable corpora and extracting a bilingual lexicon. Evaluations on Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR  , which consists of retrieving documents written in one language using queries written in another language  , is another interest. Successful translation of OOV terms is one of the challenges of CLIR. In Section 5  , we detail our experiments and the results we obtained; and Section 6 concludes the paper. A Chinese topic contains four parts: title  , description  , narrative and key words relevant to whole topic. We used the English document collection from the NTCIR- 4 1 CLIR task and the associated 50 Chinese training topics. This implies users would prefer them  , but the technique is rarely deployed in actual IR systems. Using these measures  , PRF appears beneficial in most CLIR experiments  , as using PRF seems to consistently produce higher average precision than baseline systems. So it is very interesting to compare the CLQS approach with the conventional query expansion approaches. A related research is to perform query expansion to enhance CLIR 2  , 18. Interestingly  , both systems obtained best results by using French as source language 4 . It can be seen that the proposed CLIR model favourably compares with competitors on both evaluation sets  , even if score differences are not statistically significant. Disambiguation of multiplesense terms by estimating co-occurrence for each chandi- date3 has also shown evident accuracy enhancement. In this section  , we discuss the effect of translating OOV and non-OOV query terms on CLIR. Given a query topic Qs = {s1  , s2  , ..  , sn}  , we denote its correct translation as For those ineffective OOV terms LRMIR < 0  , not-translating such terms is beneficial to CLIR performance. An extremely-effective OOV term sj LRMIR 0 is the term whose semantics cannot be recovered well r1 0. We also verify that translating should-be-translated terms indeed helps improve CLIR performance across various translation methods   , retrieval models  , and benchmarks. It shows that T is influenced by intrinsic ineffectiveness  , semantic recovery by query expansion  , or poor translation quality. According to the authors  , it appears that document translation performs at least as well as query translation. Unique angles in TREC-6 include document translation based CLIR 19  explored by the University of Maryland using the LO- GOS system. For TREC-6  , the CLIR track topics were developed centrally at NIST Schäuble and Sheridan  , 1998. For German  , texts from the Swiss newspaper "Neue Zürcher Zeitung" NZZ for 1994 were also added. They found that users were able to reliably assess the topical relevance of translated documents . Ogden and Davis 19 were among the first to study the utility of CLIR systems in interactive settings. Only the umd99b1" and umd99c1" runs contributed to the relevance assessment pools. We submitted ve oocial CLIR runs and scored an additional four unoocial runs locally  , as shown in Table 2. But in our CLIR system  , in some degree  , word disambiguation has not taken some obvious affect to retrieval efficiency. For machine translation  , word disambiguation should be a very important problem. After that  , we submit four runs for CLIR official evaluation this year. Finally  , our best run has achieved the mAP mean average precision of 0.3869  , which is about the same as the best result at that time. With our TREC-8 submission  , we are in a position to assess how well our techniques extend to European languages. For CLIR involving more than two languages  , we decompose the task into bilingual retrieval from the source language to the individual target languages  , then merge the retrieval results. 1998. While there is little research on using syntactic approaches for resolving translation ambiguity for CLIR  , linguistic structures have been successfully exploited in other applications. This model is adopted in this study for triple translations. This study explores the relationship between the quality of a translation resource and CLIR performance. The effect of resource quality on retrieval efficacy has received little attention in the literature. The upper two figures are for AP88-89 dataset  , and the lower two are for WSJ87-88 dataset. As indicated in Table 1Figure 1: Comparison of CLIR performance on homogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. Arabic  , the same retrieval system was also used for monolingual experiments. The TREC-9 collection contains articles published in Hong Kong Commercial Daily  , Hong Kong Daily News  , and Takungpao. As discussed earlier  , direct comparisons with other techniques have been a problem because lexicons in most MT systems are inaccessible. Studies that used MT systems for CLIR include Ballesteros and Croft 1998; Oard 1998. Table 3shows the retrieval results of our CLIR system on TREC5C and TREC9X. Throughout this paper  , we will use the TREC average noninterpolated precision to measure retrieval performance Voorhees  , 1997. Once a list of monolingual results has been retrieved in each collection   , all the lists are merged to produce a multilingual result list. CLIR on separate collections  , each for a language. In cultures where people speak both Chinese and English  , using mixed language is a common phenomenon. However  , the user of a CLIR system may be bilingual to some extent. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 11. On English-Chinese CLIR of TREC5 and TREC6  , we obtained 75.55% of monolingual effectiveness using our approach. This is favorably comparable to the best effectiveness achieved in the previous Chinese TREC experiments. The main aim of our participation in the cross-language track this year was to try different combinations of various individual cross-language information retrieval CLIR approaches. We also revisited our merging approach  , trying out an alternative strategy. This is because even though we invested considerable effort  , we were not able to locate an offthe-shelf German Italian machine translation system. However  , we believe that MT cannot be the only solution to CLIR. We can thus quantify the accuracy of an observed rank correlation usingˆseusingˆ usingˆse boot . The average length of the titles is 3.3 terms which approximates the average length of short web queries. We therefore omitted Model 4 for the English- Chinese pair. Model 4 seeks to achieve better alignments by modeling systematic position variations; that is an expensive step not commonly done for CLIR experiments . The wordlist contains about 145 ,000 entries. Our baseline bilingual CLIR lexicon is based on EDICT 4   , a widely used Japanese-to-English wordlist that contains a list of Japanese words and their English translations. Thus  , we both use a Japanese corpus to validate the hypothetical katakana sequences. They use probabilities derived from the target language corpus to choose one transliteration  , reporting improved CLIR results  , similar to ours. The co-occurrence technique can also be used to reduce ambiguity of term translations. Combining phrase translation via phrase dictionary and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance up to 79% of monolingual. Similarly to last year  , CLIR track participants were asked to retrieve documents from a multilingual pool containing documents in four different languages. The topic creation and results assessment sites for TREC-8 were: Another advantage of the proposed method is that it can automatically extract the popular sense of the polysemous queries. So they may help improve CLIR by leveraging the relevant queries frequently used by users. Nevertheless  , it is arguable that accurate query translation may not be necessary for CLIR. In addition  , word co-occurrence statistics in the target language has been leveraged for translation disambiguation 3  , 10  , 11  , 19. For example  , in 12  , syntactic dependency was exploited for resolving word sense ambiguity. Our experimental results will show that the probabilistic model may achieve comparable performances to the best MT systems. In this paper  , we will describe the construction of a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts and its use in CLIR. The results we have obtained already showed clearly the feasibility of using Web parallel documents for model training. We used a part of the parallel texts to train a small model  , and used the model for CLIR. Clearly for such a small collection the specific figures are neither reliable nor significant  , reported results should thus be regarded only as indicative. In previous work on direct word-for-word translation  , Ballesteros and Croft 1 reported CLIR effectiveness 60% below monolingual. Consequently  , we do not repeat the monolingual result in the rest of this paper. Our comparable results for the direct run indicated performance 81% below monolingual. A third approach receiving increasing attention is to automatically establish associations between queries and documents independent of language difference 6  , 10  , 211. Disambiguation strategies are typically employed to reduce translation errors. Thus  , our second measure is average interpolated precision at 0.10 recall. We utilize linguistic Ling  , statistical Stat  , and CLIR features f si of query term si to capture its characteristics from different aspects. Given two sets of terms x and y  , we measure their co-existence level by We compute TFIDF in both source and target language corpora for each term. Note that the English and Chinese documents are not parallel texts. NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 CLIR tasks also provide English and Chinese documents  , which are used as the source and target language corpora  , respectively. Realizing what factors determine translation necessity is important. Both tasks use topic models to retrieve similar documents. We first showcase DO and HSA on two document similarity tasks: prior-art patent search 10 and the cross-language IR CLIR task of finding document translations 4. We distinguish preretrieval and post-retrieval data merging methods. Multilingual data merging needs to be addressed in this work because the CLIR track requires a single ranked list of retrieved documents from data collections in four languages. A key resource for many approaches to cross-language information retrieval CLIR is a bilingual dictionary bidict. ABET also comes with a library of commonly used transformations  , e.g. , kill_parens to remove parenthesized expressions. Query translation research has developed along two broad directions  , typically referred to as " dictionary-based " and " corpus-based " techniques. The bad effectiveness in these cases is not due to translation  , but to the high difficulty of query topics. Researchers have used various language pairs Copyright is held by the author/owner. The aim of cross-language information retrieval CLIR is to use a query in one language to search a corpus in a different language. The probabilistic approach will be compared empirically with two popular CLIR techniques  , structural query translation and machine translation MT. The focus of this study is on empirical evaluation of the proposed system. In order to keep the size of the induced lexicon manageable  , a threshold 0.01 was used to discard low probability translations. Its performance is around 85% of monolingual retrieval. One area for future work is to improve our retrieval model by incorporating contextual information for better term translation. The paper will also offer explanations  , why these methods have positive effects. The use of the special dictionary and the general dictionary in query translation and structuring of queries are highly effective methods to improve the CLIR performance. This has a depressing effect on CLIR performance  , as such expressions are often prime keys in queries. Technical terms and proper names are often untranslatable due to the limited coverage of translation dictionaries. Besides the above phrase translation method  , we also use another two methods in our Chinese-English CLIR system: CEMT-based method and dictionary-based method. These results confirm our expectation. These context-sensitive token translation probabilities can then be used in the same way as context-independent probabilities. This technique is now routinely used in speech retrieval 7  , but we are not aware of its prior use for CLIR. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file format. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 6. Section 3 discusses methods for evaluating the alignments and section 4 shows the application of alignments in a CLIR system. The remainder of the paper is structured as follows: section 2 discusses the approach for computing alignments. For application in a CLIR system  , pairs from classes 1 through 4 are likely to help for extracting good terms. This seems a bit low  , so that AP and SDA are probably too dissimilar for such use. A technique for translating queries indirectly using parallel corpora has been proposed by Sheridan & Ballerini 19  , 20. In this paper  , we present an approach facing the third scenario. We can group the possible CLIR scenarios into the following three main settings: 1. the document collection is monolingual  , but users can formulate queries in more than one language. This problem has been addressed in two different ways in the literature. Several studies recognized that the problem of translating OOV has a significant impact on the performance of CLIR systems 8 ,9. In the provided evaluation   , the gold standard was manually created by the domain experts. This further enrichment of the documents representation permits to increase the effectiveness of the CLIR system. Indeed  , while the Agrovoc ontology is used only for the automatic annotation of documents  , the Organic. Lingua one is exploited also for performing manual annotations. However  , the combined use of the two ontologies is destructive with respect to the use of the sole Organic. Lingua one. We have used it for three popular languages Hindi  , Bengali and Marathi which use Brahmi origin scripts. Additionally   , we test two decoding evaluation setups of search space rescoring and redecoding. The user may not be proficient at reading a foreign language  , so could not be expected to look through more than the top retrieved documents. Figure 2: Comparison of CLIR performance on heterogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. The left two figures are for short queries  , and the right two are for long queries. In 19  , for example  , an IR-like technique is used to find statistical association between words in two languages. The use of the combined dictionary is motivated by previous studies 9  , 17  , which showed that larger lexicon resource improves CLIR performance significantly. The resulting combined dictionary contains 401 ,477 English entries  , including 109 ,841 words  , and 291 ,636 phrases. However  , for the purposes of the experiments described here  , it was treated as a series of simple bilingual dictionaries 1 . There was some suggestion in the results that the three-way triangulated queries may have outperformed the direct translation. Hence  , this approach bears high potential for CLIR tasks. Table 8  , both in terms of the number of languages being covered and the number of alignment units available e.g. , about 5 million for Eurodicautom . Particular difficulties exist in languages where there are no clearly defined boundaries between words as is the case with Chinese text. For example  , AbdulJaleel and Larkey describe a transliteration technique 1  that they successfully applied in English- Arabic CLIR. Depending on the language  , it may be possible to deduce appropriate transliterated translations automatically. English stop words were removed from the English document collection  , and the Porter stemmer 13  was used to reduce words to stems. Our CLIR experiments used the Lucy search engine developed by the Search Engine Group 5 at RMIT University. This was done by adding the English OOV terms to the English queries and using our system to translate and then retrieve Chinese documents EO-C. No statistically significant improvements over the baseline were observed for the fine fax resolution or the standard fax resolution not shown. Therefore  , as with CLIR  , WTF/DF is clearly the preferred technique in this application. In section 4  , we describe the use of query expansion techniques. In section 3  , we describe in detail the proposed method --improved lexicon-based query term translation  , and compare with the method using a machine translation MT system in CLIR. These terms may help focus on the query topic and bring more translated terms that together are useful for disambiguating the translation. 3 9 queries with monolingual Avg. P higher than CLIR. This situation is very similar to some cases observed in TREC5&6  , where we encountered the terms such as " most-favor nation "  On its own the CLIR approach gives varying results: some topics benefit from the reweighting of important query terms and the expansion with tokens related to the detected biomedical concepts. The labels show the topic numbers. One Arabic monolingual run and four English-Arabic cross-language runs were submitted. Research on technical preservation issues is focused on two dominant strategies  , namely migration and emulation. the selection of the correct translation words from the dictionary. extracted from parallel sentences in French and English  , the performance of CLIR is improved. To copy otherwise  , or republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. We investigate the retrieval ability of our new vector space retrieval model based on bilingual word embeddings by comparing it to the set of standard MoIR and CLIR models. 3.2. LM-UNI  , which was the best scoring MoIR model  , is now outscored by the other two models which rely on structured semantic representations. i WE-VS is now the best scoring single CLIR model across all evaluation runs. For a parallel corpus  , we use Brown et al's statistical machine translation models Brown et al  , 1993 to automatically induce a probabilistic bilingual lexicon. Levow and Oard  , 1999 studied the impact of lexicon coverage on CLIR performance. The system uses it automatically when no operator is specified. Disambiguation through increasing the weight of relevant search keys is an important way of disambiguation Hull  , 1997. This is made more critical as the number of languages represented in electronic media continues to expand . Combining either of these two expansion methods with query translation augmented by phrasal translation and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance above 90% monolingual. Post-translation expansion and combining pre-and post-translation expansion enhance both recall and precision. Furthermore  , post-translation expansion is capable of improving CLQS-based CLIR. This indicates the higher effectiveness of CLQS in related term identification by leveraging a wide spectrum of resources. This study explores the effects of transitive retrieval and triangulation on no-translation cross-language retrieval. However  , the accuracy of query translation is not always perfect. Usage of correct translations shall help reveal the necessity of translation. The coefficient of determination R 2 measures how well future outcomes are likely to be predicted by the statistical models. As linguistic  , statistical and CLIR features are complementary  , we use all of the features in the following experiments. We use NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 English-Chinese tasks for evaluation and consider both <title> and <desc> fields as queries. One of our merits is that we consider comprehensive factors including linguistic   , statistical  , and CLIR aspects to predict T . In general these strategies yield performance scores in the range of 50 to 75% of the corresponding monolingual baselines. Another unique feature is the exploration of a new and automatic method for deriving word based transfer dictionaries from phrase based transfer dictionaries. In this study we presented a novel fuzzy translation technique based on automatically generated transformation rules and fuzzy matching. One of them is based on cognates  , for which untranslatable and/or similar terms in case of close languages are used for matching the query. According to 3  , four different strategies are typically used for CLIR. We argue that these variations can be captured by successfully matching training resources to target corpora. Challenges for domainspecific CLIR  , in particular the problem of distinguishing domainspecific meanings  , have been noted in 12. This simple scenario is modified in the context of CLIR  , where   , dN } consists of only those documents that are in the same language and script  , i.e. , for all k  , d k ∈ l1  , s1. This paper's main contribution is a novel approach to CTIR. This task is similar to cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , and so we will refer to it as cross-temporal retrieval CTIR. Since all of our models require large sets of relevance-ranked training data  , e.g. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. We evaluated our system on the TREC-5/6 CLIR task  , using a corpus of 164 ,778 Chinese documents and titles of the 54 English topics as queries. Informal tests " viewing the interaction with a CLIR system available on the Web ARCTOS and machine-translated web pages Google. The initial interface layout was based on proposed scenarios 2. " Therefore  , when translating these queries  , we use example-based method that may generate accurate translations. Although different resources or techniques are used  , all these methods try to generate the best target queries. Only the title and description fields of the topics were used in query formulation. Clearly a need for enhanced resources is felt. As a result  , queries translated using this method typically perform worse than the equivalent monolingual queries -referred to here as monolingual retrieval performance. Related work on alignment has been going on in the field of computational linguistics for a number of years. Evaluating document-level alignments can have fundamentally different goals. The full topic statements were used for all runs  , and the evaluation used relevance assessments for 21 queries. This makes the results directly comparable to the ones reported by participants of the TREC-6 CLIR task. This work is also situated within the general landscape of multilingual digital libraries. The knowledge source used in English-Chinese-oriented CLIR system mainly includes dictionary knowledge and Chinese Synonym Dictionary. In fact  , dictionary is a carrier of knowledge expression and storage  , which involves almost all information about vocabulary  , namely static information. In addition  , stopword list and word morphological resumption list are also utilized in our system. The studies reported in this paper continue to broaden the perspective by adding a focus on complex tasks with live multimedia content. In Section 2  , we describe the various components of CLIR systems  , existing approaches to the OOV problem  , and explain the ideas behind the extensions we have developed. The structure of the paper is a as follows. While each of the above phases involve different tech-niques  , they are all inter-related. Several authors 4  , 5  , 1  , 11  have proposed techniques to deal with OOV terms in CLIR  , and we summarize these below. Table 1provides some statistics of the data. Our experiments use two sets of data test collections and submitted runs from the NTCIR-3 CLIR track 9  , provided by National Institute of Informatics  , Japan. 3 report on CLIR experiments for French and Spanish using the same test collection as we do OHSUMED  , and the UMLS Metathesaurus for query translation  , achieving 71% of baseline for Spanish and 61 % for French. Eichmann et al. One principled solution to this problem is Pirkola's structured query method 6. One of the key challenges in CLIR is what to do when more than one possible translation is known. This is an encouraging result that shows the approach based on a probabilistic model may perform very well. Their system was one of the bests in TREC7 CLIR runs. multi Searcher deals with several CLIR issues. Due to the availability of the language resources needed for Arabic dictionary and parallel corpora aligned at sentence level 1  English was selected as test languages. We proposed a context-based CLIR tool  , to support the user  , in having a certain degree of confidence about the translation. A larger user study has already been designed and is underway. We performed one Chinese monolingual retrieval run and three English-Chinese cross-language retrieval runs. In TREC-9 we only participated in the English-Chinese cross-language information retrieval CLIR track. These are some of the questions we will address in our future research. We return to the issue of vocabulary coverage later in the paper. An underlying assumption in this approach is that the initial manual translation is accurate  , and that it can be unambiguously translated back to the original Japanese query. We had found that dividing the RSV by the query length helps to normalize scores across topics. However  , CLIR is a difficult problem to solve on the basis of MT alone: queries that users typically enter into a retrieval system are rarely complete sentences and provide little context for sense disambiguation. We employed the query translation approach to CLIR by translating the English queries and retrieve in monolingual Chinese. Twenty-five queries #55 to #79 were provided in both English and Chinese. The HuaJian MT translation is also shown  , and it is seen that it picks up 'air pollution' correctly but misses out the 'automobile' sense of 'auto'. The Natural Language Systems group at IBM participated in three tracks at TREC-8: ad hoc  , SDR and cross-language. Our CLIR participation involved both the French and English queries and included experiments with the merging strategy. Full document translation for large collections is impractical  , thus query translation is a viable alternative. Newly borrowed technical words and foreign proper names are often written in Japanese using a syllabic alphabet called katakana. We present here a case where new CLIR dictionary entries can be found with confidence. The results from our experimental evaluation shows our approach to be a promising alternative to the standard pipeline approach. In this section  , we present the results of our CLIR experiments on TREC Chinese corpora. In our experiments  , we used two versions of queries  , short only titles and long all the three fields. We focused on translation of phrases  , which has been demonstrated to be one of most effective ways to obtain more accurate translations. CLIR experiments in the literature have used multilingual   , document-aligned corpora  , where documents in one language are paired with their translation in the other. Weaker invariance will show up as less overlap in the band pattern. We used four graded-relevance data sets from the TREC robust track and the NTCIR CLIR task: some statistics are shown in Table 1. It can be observed that reducing the pool depth does N and R denote the number of judged nonrelevant and relevant documents. In many documents and requests for information  , technical terms and proper names are important text elements. This can be attributed to the presence of compounds  , which leads to higher rates of OOV compound For patent search in compounding languages  , the CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than for other language pairs 3  , 7 . However  , objectively benchmarking a query suggestion system is not a trivial task. This also shows the strong correspondence between the input French queries and English queries in the log. The improvement on TREC French to English CLIR task by using CLQS demonstrates the high quality of the suggested queries. For each English word a precise equivalent was given. As a result  , many nonrelevant documents are ranked high. Thus  , in unstructured CLIR queries unimportant search keys and irrelevant translation equivalents tend to dominate and depress the effect of important keys. McCarley  , 1999 studied both query and document translations and concluded the combination of the two translations can improve retrieval performance. In our experiments  , we used SYSTRAN version 3.0 http://www.systransoft.com for query and document translation. Extending this to CLIR is straightforward given a multilingual thesaurus. Selected English Phrases: therapy  , replacement Final English Query: causation  , cancer  , thorax  , estrogens   , therapy  , replacement Since we have follow up refinement steps in our CLIR approach  , we set M  , the number of concepts identified for each query  , to 15. Their concern was evaluated on a whole query  , whereas we think every single term has its own impact on CLIR performance. The translation quality and ease of query were taken into account. We denote tj as the corresponding translation of si in target language. Roughly speaking  , overall classification accuracy climbs up to 80.15% when all features are adopted. Based on the pre-trained model  , we'd like to test if we can improve the CLIR performance with 4 different translation strategies. Table 5shows the MAP results using translated queries for search. Each strategy generates its own tj given source term si. " Context features are useful for predicting translation quality. For a non-OOV term  , we show that if there exists an effective translation in dictionaries  , it is suggested that translating si would help CLIR performance. It is not worth taking a risk to translate a term if the term probably perform poorly in CLIR. How to efficiently translate unknown terms in short queries has  , therefore  , become a major challenge for real CLIR systems 4 ,7. These English terms were potential queries in the Chinese log that needed correct cross-language translations. This section presents two methods of combining dictionary and spelling evidence in the framework given by Eq. But combining these sources would presumably improve effectiveness of CTIR  , much as evidence combination has aided CLIR 25. In such a case  , thanks to using date windows  , the alignments could be extended without the need to discard old pairs. However  , the degrees of improvement are not similar for all the query sets. The results of our experiments demonstrate that the term-similarity based sense disambiguation does improve the retrieval performance of dictionary based CLIR performance. CLIR is concerned with the problem of a user formulating a query in one language in order to retrieve documents in several other languages. These translations can be used in normal search engines  , reducing the development costs. The proposed CLIR system manages a collection of documents containing multilingual information as well as user queries that may be performed in any language supported by the system. The CLIR system has been evaluated by adopting three different configurations and the results have been compared with the gold standard  , according to the metrics described above. Finally  , queries are performed on the Organic. Lingua document collections. This paper explores flat and hierarchical PBMT systems for query translation in CLIR. In terms of translation quality  , efficiency   , and practicality  , flat and hierarchical PBMT systems have become very popular  , partly due to successful open-source implementations. The lower similarity between CVMR and CVMF M can be explained by training data Table 3: Test results for combined CLIR models see Table 2. On Wikipedia data  , shown in the lower part of Table  3  , we find similar relations. Some dictionary-based and corpus-based methods perform almost as well as monolingual retrieval 7  , 8  , 9. From the CLIR viewpoint  , MT is not regarded as a promising approach. Future research includes collecting more interview data and developing a thesaurus of English terms used in CLIR to enhance traditional or monolingual controlled vocabularies. The contradictions identified from this study can inform the development of discovery platforms for multilingual content. There are three broad types of CLIR systems: those based on query translation  , those based on document translation  , and those that use some aspects of both 15. Rosetta uses real-time document translation and incremental indexing to accommodate live content. Our tests in TREC8 showed that using Web documents to train a probabilistic model is a reasonable approach. This suggests that probabilistic models are translation tools that are as valuable as MT systems for the CLIR purposes. We evaluated three multilingual data merging methods to obtain a single ranked list for the purpose of TREC-8 CLIR track submission. Table 2presents the retrieval performance statistics for the three runs. In distinction from the earlier TREC-5/6 Chinese corpus  , these sources were written in the traditional Chinese character set and encoded in BIG5. For TREC-9  , the CLIR task used Chinese documents from Hong Kong. In addition to the specific results reported by each research team  , the evaluation produced the first large Arabic information retrieval test collection. The TREC-2001 CLIR track focussed this year on searching Arabic documents using English  , French or Arabic queries. Finding a good monolingual IR method is a prerequisite for CLIR. Our work involved two aspects: Finding good methods for Chinese IR  , and finding effective translation means between English and Chinese. The MAP were cross-language runs  , not monolingual runs. There was some concern over the test collection built in the TREC 2001 CLIR track in that the judgment pools were not as complete as they ideally would be. It can reduce translation error by 45% over automatic translation bringing CLIR performance up from 42% to 68% of monolingual performance. Combming pre-and posttranslation expansion is most effective and improves precision and recall. This is still well below a monolingual baseline  , but irnprovedphrasrd translations should help to narrow the gap. This amounts to no sense disambiguation for query words. The simplest approach toward dictionary-based CLIR is to use all the translations of query words provided by the dictionary equally 5  , 6 . Table 1lists the average precision across 11 recall points for both the homogeneous collections and the heterogeneous collections. The second approach is to project document vectors from one language into another using cross-language information retrieval CLIR techniques. The downside  , however  , is that machine translation is typically time-consuming and resource-intensive. When we embarked on this line of research  , we did not find any publications addressing the area of Cross-Lingual Text Categorization as such. In CLIR  , we need a relevance model for both the source language and the target language. In monolingual IR this relevance model is estimated by taking a set of documents relevant to the query. The second can be obtained using either a parallel corpus or a bi-lingual lexicon giving translation probabilities. In CLTC  , for performing translations we shall have to use similar linguistic resources as in CLIR. In fact  , a class profile can be seen as an approximative unigram Language Model for the documents in that particular class. Since our resources are less than ideal  , should we compensate by implementing pre-and post-expansion ? Finally  , we combined the various transitive runs to determine whether triangulated retrieval is useful in the absence of translation resources. The corpora consisted of comparable news articles in Hindi  , Bengali  , and Marathi collected during 2004 to 2007. For evaluation  , we used the CLIR data released at the FIRE 1 workshop  , 2008. Our paired T-test results indicate that our retrieval scores are statistically significant. In this paper  , we described a Surface Similarity based method for fuzzy string matching for performing CLIR and were able to show good improvement in performance. The previous two subsections introduced sources of evidence that might help cross-temporal IR. More specifically  , the problem is considered solved if high-quality training resources parallel text  , online dictionaries  , multi-lingual thesauri  , etc. For some researchers  , these observations have lead to the optimistic conclusion that the CLIR problem is basically solved. Challenges for domainspecific CLIR  , in particular the problem of distinguishing domainspecific meanings  , have been noted in 12. more likely to be a person or entity vs. medical domain documents more likely to be a chemical. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: we present our training and testing data in Section 2  , and our weighting criteria in Section 3. , di ,N } are documents in language li  , i.e. , for all k  , d i ,k ∈ li  , si. The commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions by removing from them all other material except for actual dictionary words. The medical dictionary contained 67 ,000 Finnish and English entry words. For these reasons  , a special dictionary alleviates the translation polysemy problem  , in which the translation of one source language word to many target language words causes fuzziness in CLIR queries. The terms of special dictionaries are often unambiguous. Future research should concentrate on finding methods by which the performance of CLIR queries could be improved further. By these means  , it is possible to solve successfully the translation polysemy and the dictionary coverage problems. Still another method that would be worth studying is data fusion; different translation methods produce different result lists. Also weighting methods should be tested: Does weighting affect CLIR queries similarly as monolingual queries ? There are two main scenarios where the user input could be incorporated into the system to enhance multilingual information retrieval: 1. In CLIR systems  , interactive components are crucial to accomplish search tasks 2. The test collections are the TREC5 Chinese track  , the TREC9 cross-lingual track and the TREC5 Spanish track Voorhees and Harman  , 1997; Voorhees and Harman  , 2000. It also appears that  , with this approach  , additional bilingual lexicons and parallel text improve performance substantially in spite of the increased ambiguity. To our knowledge  , this is the first systematic comparison of those models on the task of English to Chinese CLIR on gold test sets. We evaluate our query translation models using TREC collections . Kraaij 8 showed successful use of the widely used BableFish 6 translation service based on Systran. Without any English OOV terms  , our translated queries achieved 86.7% of the monolingual result. In order to assess the value of what we have done  , we tested the usefulness of the newly derived dictionaries on a medical document collection. Fujii and Ishikawa 7  use a different one-tomany English-string-to-Japanese-string mapping model. This work evaluated a number of search strategies for the retrieval of Arabic documents  , using the TREC Arabic corpus as the test bed. Example-based method can provide very good translation results but the similarity computation between sentences is quite complex. Hull & Grefenstette 10 demonstrated that the retrieval performance of queries produced using manual phrase translation was significantly better than that of queries produced by simple word-forword  dictionary-based translation. No tools such as part of speech taggers  , stemmers and separate corpora are involved. Though these works have brought significant improvement in translation accuracy  , they eventually tried to translate as many terms as possible  , which we believe is not always an effective approach in CLIR. able for short  , context-inadequate queries. Particularly  , they incorporate dictionaries   , bilingual corpora  , or the Web to estimate the probability of translation ptj|si  , Qs. Various translation methodologies such as phrasal translation or sense disambiguation have brought significant improvements in CLIR. The correct translations are available since NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 CLIR tasks provide both English and Chinese topics at the same time. The basic formulae are a straightforward generalization of Darwish's PSQ technique with one important difference: no translation direction is specified. The key insight between what we call meaning matching is to apply that same perspective directly to CLIR. An important reason for this is that there is an implicit query expansion effect during translation because related words/phrases may be added. This indicates that the coverage of the dictionary is still an important problem to be solved to improve the performance of CLIR. If these NPs are not stored in the dictionary  , they are most likely to be translated incorrectly. We will extensively use this property during the construction of our MoIR and CLIR models. Since all words share the embedding space  , semantic similarity between words may be computed both monolingually and across languages. Research on technical preservation issues is focused on two dominant strategies   , namely migration and emulation. Besides the well-known Precision and Recall measure  , other metrics are widely used in the IR community. We expect similar improvements on CLIR  , and this will be confirmed by our experiments. A similar idea has been applied successfully to statistical language modeling 5  , showing improved performance of the cache language model. For each query term  , we expand it by an additional term that has the highest cohesion value with the other words of the original query. This section tries to point out similarities and differences of the presented approach with respect to other statistical IR models presented in the literature. The CLIR model described in 5 is based on the following decomposition: Already  , the current results indicate that an automatically constructed parallel corpus may be a reasonable resource for CLIR. We expect that the model trained with all the parallel documents from the Web will perform better. It is difficult to construct more good MT systems to cover other languages. Consequently  , the performance on this topic is drastically reduced by incorporating the concept language model. In this paper  , decompounding German words is realized by an approach which has been employed in domain-specific CLIR 2. They conclude that translation could help patent retrieval  , but not always. The decompounding is based on selecting the decomposition with the smallest number of words and the highest decomposition probability . 2 It is helpful for CLIR since it can extract semantically relevant queries in target language. 1 It can acquire translations for some out of vocabulary OOV queries without any need for crawling web pages. One advantage of the proposed method is that it can extract relevant translations to benefit CLIR. The results indicate that our method can achieve acceptable results for queries in and out of dictionary. Typically  , queries are translated either using a bilingual dictionary 22  , a machine translation software 9 or a parallel corpus 20. Most approaches to CLIR perform a query translation followed by a monolingual IR. Even if this point of view is not original  , neither for IR 1 nor for CLIR Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. We sought to answer three questions: 1 what is the best that can be done using freely available resources; 2 how w ell does Pirkola's method for accommodating multiple candidate translations work on the TREC CLIR collection; and 3 would building a single index be more eeective than building separate indices for each language ? We participated in the main task of the CLIR track  , using an English query to create a single merged ranked list of English  , French  , German and Italian news stories for each of the 28 topics. McCarley 28 trained a statistical MT system from a parallel corpus  , applied it to perform QT and DT  , and showed that the combination of scores from QT and DT drastically improved either method alone. This work falls in both the last two streams of works  , borrowing from the former the advantages deriving from the usage of domain-specific terms in the query translation and from the latter the capability to exploit semantic knowledge for retrieving information. The assumption behind such mechanism is that queries are consistently used in one language. Only Translations: query terms are translated into the reference language used for retrieving documents. Prec@10 is the precision after 10 docs and the Mean Average Precision MAP. The question of how well the findings apply to a range of different collections remains open; however  , the fact that AP and SDA are quite dissimilar gives hope that a lot of data can be aligned. Translation polysemy is a phenomenon   , in which the number of word senses increases when a source language word is translated to a target language by replacing it with all of its target language equivalents. They found a 55% loss in average precision in queries translated word-by-word compared to the original queries. Often those search keys that have only one or two translations are the most important words of a request and  , vice versa  , those keys that have many translations are unimportant words. Note how the term o~feoporosis has relatively more weight in the structured queries. The following queries sd and gd translation = sd + gd translation of the topic " osteoporosis " represent all CLIR query types of the study and demonstrate the importance of structure in cross-language queries. This shows that even if a high-quality MT system is available  , our approach can still lead to additional improvement. In other words  , given the rank order produced through the use of one translation  , what would be the effect of treating the other word as part of the same cluster ? For the purposes of CLIR  , it seems clear that the appropriate basis for constructing a similarity function is the differential effect on retrieval if both terms were considered to represent the same concept. Thus  , a monolingual retrieval engine does not need to be altered after translating queries into the target language. where f w ,k ∈ R denotes the score for the k-th inter-lingual feature associated with w within the dim-dimensional shared inter-lingual embedding space. For EN→DE  , MAP is even slightly higher  , due to hyphenated compounds in the German translation of recovered topics  , i.e. For DE→EN  , QR achieves almost the same MAP compared to using OQ  , which demonstrates the usefulness of QR for CLIR. To investigate the scientific knowledge inherent in patent retrieval  , we also used the NTCIR-3 CLIR test collection consisting of two years of newspaper articles  , and compared the results obtained with different genres of documents. For these experiments  , we used open software toolkits to implemented nine existing retrieval models and re-examined the effectiveness of those models in the context of patent retrieval. Finally  , CLIR can be achieved by using the described document placement methods to place documents of different languages in the same map. Optionally  , an optimization procedure could be used to place a new document in the map preserving the ratios of its distances to all anchor documents as much as possible with respect to the distances in the original vector space. While languages like Chinese and Japanese use multiple scripts 24  , they may not illustrate the true complexity of the MSIR scenario envisaged here because there are standard rules and preferences for script usage and well defined spellings rules. Although MSIR has attained very little attention explicitly   , many tangentially related problems like CLIR and transliteration for IR do discuss some of the issues of MSIR. 10 used CLIR followed by MT to find domain-specific articles in a resource-rich language  , in order to use them for language modeling in a resource-poor language. Domain-specific language modeling has been used in speech recognition 1123  , with encouraging results. This calculation results in a matrix of term-term associations  , which we use for query translation in the same manner as the matrix of translation probabilities in WM1. In this paper  , we return to first principles to derive an approach to CLIR that is motivated by cross-language meaning matching. McCarley found that merging ranked lists generated using query translation and document translation yielded improved mean average precision over that achieved by either approach alone 11  , which suggests that bidirectional techniques are worth exploring . For example  , to find documentlangauge synonyms  , we computed: Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. We ran our Chinese-English experiments after the English- French experiments with the goal of confirming our results using a different language pair  , so we made a few changes to reduce computational costs. Figure 3shows the MAP of the top five official monolingual French runs from CLEF 2001. For the English-French CLIR experiments  , we computed the mean average precision MAP over 50 queries formulated from the CLEF 2001 topic set Topics 41-90. In addition  , the baseline PSQ technique exhibited the same decline in MAP near the tail of the translation probability distribution i.e. , at high cumulative probability thresholds that Darwish and Oard reported 4. The latter finding suggests the necessity of combining bidirectional translation with synonymy knowledge. We did run experiments for both language pairs and found PDT was at least as effective as PSQ  , but adding statistical synonymy knowledge to unidirectional translation could hurt CLIR performance. For the experiments reported below  , a greedy method was used  , with replacements retained in order of decreasing probability until a preset threshold on the cumulative probability was first exceeded. Two teams from the University of Massachusetts 9 and the University of Maryland 2 tried variants of this approach for Text Retrieval Conference's CLIR track in 2002. Even with a higher baseline of monolingual with expansion  , combining the CO method with expansion can still yield up to 88% of monolingual performance . Cross language information retrieval CLIR is often based on using a bilingual translation dictionary to translate queries from a source language to the target language in which the documents to be retrieved are written e.g. , 1. We discuss related work and future directions for this research in Section 5 and Section 6  , respectively. These solutions  , and others  , such as considering CLIR as spell- correction 2  , will all work reasonably well if the two languages in question are linguistically historically related and possess many cognates. Some implemented approaches to this problem are to pass an unknown query word unchanged into the translated query  , or to find a closest match to a known target word 4. We have been experimenting with a method for automatically creating candidate Japanese transliterated versions of English words. As proper names and technical terms are very important in many information retrieval queries  , for dictionary-based CLIR between Japanese and English  , it is imperative that foreign words be properly transliterated into and out of katakana. During term translation  , the translations of a term are also retrieved from this same bilingual lexicon. However the issue is more difficult in Chinese as many characters have the same sound  , and many English syllables do not have equivalent sounds in Chinese  , meaning that selecting the correct characters to represent a transliterated word can be problematic. As shown in Table 2  , the extracted top translations are closely related to the source query  , even though sometimes they are not the translation equivalent of the source query. Therefore  , if a candidate for CLQS appears often in the query log  , then it is more likely the appropriate one to be suggested. In particular  , if the user intends to perform CLIR  , then original query is even more likely to have its correspondent included in the target language query log. Despite the various types of resources used  , out-of-vocabulary OOV words and translation disambiguation are the two major bottlenecks for CLIR 20. To overcome this knowledge bottleneck  , web mining has been exploited in 7  , 27  to acquire English- Chinese term translations based on the observation that Chinese terms may co-occur with their English translations in the same web page. OOV word translation is a major knowledge bottleneck for query translation and CLIR. In the future  , we will build CLQS system between languages which may be more loosely correlated  , e.g. , English and Chinese  , and study the CLQS performance change due to the less strong correspondence among queries in such languages. This  , however  , does not compromise our results since our experiments are aimed at comparing the performance of two different CLIR methods and not at comparing different search engine architectures. With the vector space engine they employ  , their overall 11pt performance 0.24 is slightly above the one for the search engine we use 0.20. Moreover  , the search engine we employ is more in line with current clinical and Web retrieval engines and the requirements they have to fulfill. Given a query topic Qs = {s1  , s2  , ..  , sn} in source language   , conventional query translation methods endeavor to find a set of translated terms Qt = {t1  , t2  , ..  , tm} in target language. Translations with non-negative LRT D are regarded having good translation quality  , as they perform as well as or better than correct translation in the benchmarks. LRT D sj tells the influence of translating sj to t k Ds j  in CLIR. Documents of a comparable collection may be aligned at the document  , sentence or even word level. Major approaches for CLIR include bilingual dictionaries 3  , 7  , 141  , parallel collections 4  , 7  , 10  , 61 and comparable collections 26 or some combination of these. On the CLIR task  , due to the nature of the evaluation metric  , the computation time for MAP  , DO and HSA  , while being different for each metric  , is equal across the different model configurations. It is evident from this table that  , both DO and HSA  , are the most efficient metrics to compute compared to MAP and perplexity. The issue of CLIR has also been explored in the cultural heritage domain. Rather than seeking to map multilingual query terms  , Wang 50 studies the use of a web-based term translation approach to find translations for unknown cross-language queries in digital libraries. The question answering task in the interactive track of the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum iCLEF is an example of that more comprehensive perspective 8 . As the quality of machine translation improved  , the focus of CLIR user studies expanded from merely enabling users to find documents e.g. , for subsequent human translation to also support information use e.g. , by translating the full text. In TREC-9  , Microsoft Research China MSRCN  , together with Prof. Jian-Yun Nie from University of Montreal  , participated for the first time in the English- Chinese Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR track. We reused the same corpus-based methods that we utilized last year with considerable success  , while experimenting with using a number of off-the-shelf machine translation products.  The Salmone Arabic-to-English dictionary  , which was made available for use in the TREC-CLIR track by Tufts University. Together  , the two term lists covered about 15% of the unique Arabic stems in the AFP collection measured by using light stemming on both the term list and the collection. The first experiment CLARITdmwf used preretrieval data merging  , i.e. , we merged collections of English  , French  , German  , and Italian documents into a single multilingual data collection  , and indexed the multilingual collection. The goal of the track is to facilitate research on systems that are able to retrieve relevant documents regardless of the language a document happens to be written in. The task in the CLIR track is an ad hoc retrieval task in which the documents are in one language and the topics are in a different language. The LDC assessors judged each document in the pools using binary relevant/not relevant assessments. This presents a number of challenges  , primarily the problem of translation. Ballesteros 3 researched a transitive scheme and techniques to overcome word ambiguity. Using pivots doubles the number of translations performed in a CLIR system  , therefore  , increasing the likelihood of translation error  , caused mainly by incorrect identification of the senses of ambiguous words. The availability of test collection and translation resources was the overriding factor determining our choice of languages. Thus  , the collection used for this investigation was the English corpus from the TREC8 CLIR Track and the 28 German and English queries from the same track for which relevance judgements are available. Examination of it suggested that the best choice of query language was German  , as its vocabulary coverage in EuroWordNet was reasonable. The translation resource was EuroWordNet  , a multilingual thesaurus consisting of WordNets for various European languages including those used in TREC CLIR queries 20. Further examination indicated that Dutch  , Spanish  , and Italian were good choices as pivot languages since they offered the next best coverage in EuroWordNet. In this paper  , we investigate several approaches to translate an IR query into a different language. In addition to the classical IR tasks  , cross-language IR CLIR also requires that the query or the documents 7 be translated from a language into another. Compared to the dictionary-based translation  , a full-scale machine translation system has the advantage in that it can reduce the translation ambiguity of a query using the context information. Because of the first point  , the rarity of electronic sources for translation  , investigators may be drawn to use the resources most readily available to them  , rather than those best suited for bilingual retrieval. Regarding translation resources for CLIR  , we believe that two points are widely agreed upon:  resources are scarce and difficult to use; and  resources with greater lexical coverage are preferable. In order to differentiate the source language from the target language  , a superscript s is used for any variable related to the source language and a superscript t is used for any variable related to the target language. Similar to other CLIR papers  , " source language " refers to the language of queries  , and " target language " refers to the language of documents. All three were formed from the UN parallel corpus and the Buckwalter lexicon using the same procedure described in Section 3. To explore the impact of spelling normalization and Arabic stemming on CLIR  , we have compared three versions of bilingual lexicon creation for term translation. Apparently  , the small benefit of stemming and spelling normalization was canceled by the introduced ambiguity. In CEMT-based method  , we use a CEMT system named TransEasy 4 to translate the queries into English. We use a probabilistic cross-lingual retrieval system  , whose theoretical basis is probabilistic generation of a query in one language from a document in another. The goal of cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR is to find documents in one language for queries in another language. Following TREC-8  , the venue for European-language retrieval evaluation moved to Europe with the creation of the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum CLEF  , first held in Lisbon in September 2000 1. Once we had a dictionary in a suitable format  , we used it with our existing Dictionary-based Query Translation DQT routines to translate the query from English into the language of one of the four language-speciic CLIR subcollections no translation was needed for the English subcollection. We enabled English stemming for all runs and did not use any stopword lists. The first three of them are automatic query translation run  , using our word segmentation approach for indexing  , while the monolingual run we submit uses n-gram based segmentation. Figure 1.4 is the official precision and recall curve and the mAP score of our 4 CLIR runs. As an alternative  , we also explored three ways of incorporating translation probabilities directly into the formulae: 1. We implemented this by starting with the most likely translation and adding additional translations in order of decreasing probability until the cumulative probability of the selected translations reached a preset threshold that was determined through experimentation using the TREC-2001 CLIR collection. Experimental evaluation of the CLIR model were performed on the Italian-to-English bilingual track data used in the CLEF 2000 C0 and CLEF 2001 C1 evaluations. The number of relevant documents to be retrieved are 579 for C0 and 856 for C1. Darwish later extended Kwok's formulation to handle the case in which translation probabilities are available by weighting the TF and DF computations  , an approach he called probabilistic structured queries PSQ 4 In monolingual IR it is common to treat words that share a common stem as if they expressed the same meaning  , and some automated and interactive query expansion techniques can also be cast in this framework. However  , in both cases  , the best DAMM was statistically indistinguishable from the best IMM. However  , MAP of the best PSQ was just about 82% Chinese CLIR with 19% relative improvement  , achieving cross-language MAP comparable to monolingual baselines in both cases. There are other variants of cross-language meaning matching  , depending on translation in which direction is used and synonymy knowledge in which language is used. Same comparison of the best DAMM and the best PSQ in the English-Chinese CLIR experiments confirmed this finding. But for unrelated languages  , such as English and Japanese  , a word missing from the dictionary has little chance of matching any pertinent string in the other language text. Methods for translation have focused on three areas: dictionary translariun  , parallel or comparable corpora for generating a translation model  , and the employment of mnchine franslution MT techniques. It also played a large role in the TREC-8 experiments of a number of groups. As a result  , a query written in a source language likely has an equivalent in a query log in the target language. Our experiments showed that the decaying co-occurrence model performs better than the standard co-occurrence model  , and brings significant improvements over the simple dictionary approaches in CLIR. It differs from previous ones in that it includes a distance component that decays the mutual information between terms when the distance between them increases. The test written collection was from TREC-8 composed of English documents and queries in a number of European languages. However  , the relatively poor performance of the translation component of our test CLIR system was not a major concern to us  , as it remained a constant throughout our experiments. The other factor concerns the ability to choose the most common sense of a word  , this was not attempted using EuroWordNet and resulted in considerable erroneous translations. Such a study will help identify good candidate pivot languages. A non-technical issue of use of pivots that must be examined is a study of existing translation resources to determine the range of resources available to researchers and users of CLIR systems. When compared with previous results we see that Spanish CLIR using the Metathesaurus for query translation is on the high end of the performance range of 50- 75% of baseline scores observed with approaches based on dictionaries with or without information extracted from corpora 12  , 3  , 7  , 14. The must likely cause is difference in linguistic features. Yet 10  focused merely on evaluating the performance of a whole query and did not give insight into the effect of translation for each query term. The focus of previous works1  , 4 did key-term selection in the mono-lingual environment; however  , our discovery of various causes such as pre-and post-translation query expansion would influence the preference of translation in CLIR. Our work is also related to term selection from a query. Finally   , a larger R 2 can be achieved by including more features for training. InQuery's synonym operator was originally designed to support monolingual thesaurus expansion  , so it estimates TF and DF as follows 11 Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " In general  , language modeling approaches to retrieval rely on collection frequency CF in place of DF: Corpus-based approaches to CLIR have generally developed within a framework based on language modeling rather than vector space models  , at least in part because modern statistical translation frameworks offer a natural way of integrating translation and language models 19. Inclusion of rare translations in a CLIR application was shown to be problematic for all three methods  , however. Both Kwok's method and MDF were found to achieve retrieval effectiveness values similar to that obtained with Pirkola's structured query method  , so Kwok's method seems to be a good basis from which to build probabilistic structured query methods. Use of only the most likely of those translations turned out to be an effective expedient  , but only when an appropriate threshold on cumulative probability was selected. The combination of our approach with the MT system leads to a high effectiveness of 105% of that of monolingual IR. Experience has shown that several factors make it hard to obtain statistically significant results in CLIR evaluations . In order to avoid these limitations   , we chose to use a monolingual test collection for which translated queries are available  , and to base our evaluation on the largest possible number of topics. That will establish a lower bound on the performance of our system if it had direct access to the linguistic knowledge in the MT system. On the other hand  , the test set has only 25 queries and the difference between our system and the combined MT run is very small. Figure  1shows the results. To test whether CLIR systems that perform well in the news stories domain are robust enough to simply be used in a different domain  , we have compared SYSTRAN easiest  , most convenient choice that worked extremely well in past evaluation forums and two corpus-based methods trained on the Springer corpus. For retrieving newspaper articles  , we used <DESCRIPTION> and a combination of <DESCRIPTION> and <NARRATIVE>  , extracted from all 42 topics in the NTCIR-3 CLIR collection. For the purpose of formulating queries in patent retrieval  , we used the following combinations of topic fields independently: <DESCRIPTION>  , <DESCRIPTION>+<NARRATIVE>  , and <ARTICLE>+<SUPPLEMENT>. While NEs have been worked on extensively in IR and CLIR  , transliterated queries where the text  , in addition to NE  , is represented in the script of another language  , typically English  , have not received adequate attention. use a technique based on mapping term statistics before computing term weights 8  , 2  to establish a strong context-independent baseline . In future work we plan to try this approach for document translation where we would expect greater benefit from context  , although with higher computational cost  , at least in experimental settings. We evaluated our approach on the English-Chinese CLIR task of TREC-5/6: although we did not observe significant improvements  , we feel that this approach is nevertheless promising. Thus a person interested in the pedigree of the proverb many hands make light work will be able to find a broad range of variants on this theme  , from a range of historical periods using a single query. Two approaches can be distinguished: 1. translation-based systems either translate queries into the document language or languages  , or they translate documents into the query language 2. We further use the alignments to extend the classical CLIR problem to include the merging of mono-and cross-language retrieval results  , presenting the user with one multilingual result list. Results for the strategies just described on the TREC-6 CLIR collection are presented in the following: Figure 2shows a comparison of using alignments alone  , using a dictionary pseudo-translation and then using both methods combined  , i.e. This French-German run outperforms all of the few TREC-6 runs reported for this language combination by a wide margin. doing initial retrieval using a dictionary translation  , and then improving this translation using the alignments  , as outlined above. Cross-language retrieval supports the users of multilingual document collections by allowing them to submit queries in one language  , and retrieve documents in any of the languages covered by the retrieval system. In the following subsections  , we will present the results obtained with the different configurations adopter for evaluating the proposed CLIR system. The columns of each table show the Mean Average Precision  , the Precisions at 5  , 10  , 20  , and 30  , the Average Recall  , the Average R-Precision  , and the number of queries that have been performed. Indeed  , in all experiments performed on our document collection  , the usage sole or combined of the two described ontologies outperformed our baseline. Summarizing what we observed in our experiments  , we may state that the use of domain-specific multilingual resources for enriching basic CLIR systems leads to effective results. The implemented approach has been applied to a document collection built in the context of the Organic. Lingua EU-funded project where documents are domain-specific and where they have been annotated with concepts coming from domain-specific ontologies. We opt for ADD-BASIC as the composition model unless noted otherwise. This provides ground truth to evaluate the effectiveness of the two translation approaches discussed above: machine translation in this case  , we used Google Translate 1  and direct vector projection using the CLIR approach. In this manner  , we sampled 505 document pairs that are mutual translations of each other and therefore semantically similar by construction. Thus  , the collections in two languages are converted into a single collection of document vectors in the target language . Document vectors of the foreign language i.e. , German are projected into the target language English by the CLIR approach explained in Section 3. Thus  , the computation cost of the maximum coherence model is modest for real CLIR practice  , if not overestimated. Hence  , the number of non-zero translation probabilities in q is no more than the total number of translations provided by the bilingual dictionary for the query words  , which is usually much smaller than the product m s m t . Intrinsic to the problem is a need to transform the query  , document  , or both  , into a common terminological representation  , using available translation resources. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR systems seek to identify pertinent information in a collection of documents containing material in languages other than the one in which the user articulated her query. The effectiveness of both corpus and dictionary-based resources was artificially lowered by randomly translating different proportions of query terms  , simulating variability in the coverage of resources. Since the main purpose of these experiments was to examine if the proposed approach can help conventional approaches for CLIR  , we simply used some basic techniques of query expansion and phrase translation in our experiments. Note the achieved MAP values can be further improved. The task of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses a situation when a query is posed in one language but the system is expected to return the documents written in another language. In Section 5 we test the performance of our model on the cross-language retrieval task of TREC9  , and compare our performance with results reported by other researchers. The goals of our fellowship are to raise awareness of the need for proper data management and preservation as well as to promote data curation as a professional activity. For CLIR  , the requirements are much less: It only requires the model to provide a list of the most probable translation words without taking into account syntactic aspects. For MT purposes  , the training corpus should be tightly controlled; otherwise  , wrong or poor-quality translations will be produced. The CLIR experiments on TREC collections show that the decaying co-occurrence method performs better than the basic cooccurrence method  , and the triple translation model brings additional improvements. Our evaluation results show that the triple translation is more precise than the word-by-word translation with the co-occurrence model. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 provides a brief description on the related work. As the problem of translation selection in CLIR is similar to this expansion task  , we can expect a similar effect with the decaying factor. These experiments show that the decaying factor allows us to better distinguish strong and weak term relationships. The research cited viewed pivots as an unfortunate necessity: their use allowed retrieval to take place  , but at the cost of much introduced error. In this paper we describe English-Japanese CLIR experiments using the standard BMIR-J2 Japanese text collection 4. SIGIR '99 6/99 Berkley  , CA  , USA 0 1999 ACM l-5611%096-1/99/0007. ,i5.00 able resources are available  , we do not consider them further in our current investigation. Our approach to CLIR takes advantage of machine translation MT to prepare a source-language query for use in a target-language retrieval task. Our TREC-8 results show that post-retrieval merging of retrieval results can outperform preretrieval merging of multilingual data collections. The success of dictionary-based CLIR depends on the coverage of the dictionary  , tools for conflating morphological variants  , phrase and proper name recognition  , as well as word sense disam- biguation 13 . Finally  , rather than acquiring bilateral word translations  , our focus lies on assigning subwords to interlingual semantic identifiers. We consider automatic lexicon acquisition techniques to be a key issue for any sort of dictionary-based efforts in IR  , CLIR in particular . In this paper we present a system for cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR working over the multilingual corpora of European Legislation Acquis Communautaire 1. Finally  , during the retrieval time  , EuroVoc thesaurus is used to let the user visually extend the query and rerank the results in real-time. For what concerns the query-document model  , this is often referred to as language model approach and has been already applied for monolingual IR see the extensive review in 19 and CLIR 5. Each Chinese query was segmented into words using the segmenters as described above  , the Chinese stop words were then removed from each Chinese query. These problems explain why CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than the monolingual runs  , even with the best translation tools of the world. However  , it is to be noted that the same problem also occurs for query translation with any tool MT or bilingual dictionary. On the other hand  , if we compare the probabilistic translation models with other translations means in particular  , with MT systems  , their performances are very close Nie99. We hope  , however  , that this will encourage these people to participate in the future  , thus increasing the size of the pool. These interfaces provide query translation from the source language into the target languages using bilingual dictionaries . However  , the involvement of the user in CLIR systems by reviewing and amending the query had been studied  , e.g. , using Keizai 4  , Mulinex 1 and recently MIRACLE 3. The document collection used in the TREC-2001 CLIR track consisted of 383 ,872 newswire stories that appeared on the Agence France Press AFP Arabic Newswire between 1994 and 2000. Many participating research teams reported results for word-only indexing  , making that condition useful as a baseline. The documents were represented in Unicode and encoded in UTF-8  , resulting in a 896 MB collection. In this paper we have provided an overview of that work in a way that will help readers recognize similarities and differences in the approaches taken by the Cross-language Information Retrieval CLIR is the task of finding documents that are written in one language e.g. , English using queries that are expressed in another e.g. , Chinese. We present a technique that transforms an unstructured bilingual dictionary into a structured one  , and experimental results obtained using that technique. 2Sakhr's Arabic/English CLIR system is one example an automated technique for converting an unstructured term-to-term translation dictionary into a structured dictionary. Dictionaries with such a structure may be available  , 2 and Section 3.2 presents 1In monolingual retrieval  , automatic query expansion techniques seek to achieve a similar effect. It is intuitive that the LM-UNI model will lead to much better results in the monolingual setting  , as the amount of shared words between different languages is typically very limited  , and therefore other representations for CLIR are sought 41 see next. In the actual implementation  , we operate with log probabilities . Each of the approaches has shown promise  , but also has disadvantages associated with it. Automatic dictionarytranslationsareattractivebecause they are cost effective and easy to perform  , resources are ily available  , and performance is similar to that of other CLIR methods. A better phrase translator should not alter our conclusion that query expansion can ameliorate the errors that occur in word-by-word or phrase   , 1996. Table 13shows the performance of each method as measured by average precision and percentage of monolingual performance  , LCA  , which typically expands queries with muki-term phrases  , is more sensitive to translation effects when pm-translation expansion is performed. LCA expansion gives higher precision at low recall levels  , which is important in a CLIR environ- ment. Usually it is simpler and more efficient to translate queries than to translate documents because queries are generally much shorter than documents. We shall demonstrate that linguistic units such as NP and dependency triples are beneficial to query translation if they can be detected and used properly. This is consistent with the observations on general reasoning: when more information is available and is used in reasoning  , we usually obtain better results. Our experiments of CLIR on TREC Chinese collections show that models using larger and more specific unit of translation are always better  , if the models can be well trained  , because more specific models could model more information. A comparison between the two approaches will show the advantages and disadvantages of using probabilistic term translation for CLIR. The major difference between our approach and structural query translation is that ours uses translation probabilities while the other treats all translations as equals. The results show that dialect similarity can also affect retrieval performance. Retrieval results using individual lexicons are significantly worse than those using the combination of the three lexical resources  , confirming findings by other researchers that lexicon coverage is critical for CLIR performance Levow and Oard  , 1999. SYSTRAN is generally accepted as one of the best commercial MT systems for English-Spanish translation. Therefore in the University of Tampere we have adopted the dictionary-based method for our CLIR studies. Dictionary-based translation is often easier way to implement query translation than the methods based on the comparable documents or the parallel corpora  , as these are not readily available. It is possible to address automatically the domain specific terms of queries to the correct dictionaries  , because different domains have different terminologies. In CLIR translation systems  , it is possible to use many dictionaries   , each of which have limited content  , but which together cover general language issues and many specific domains. Therefore  , as the study attacked the translation polysemy and the dictionary coverage problems  , the results are applicable to most languages  , even though phrases can lower the relative performance of CLIR in some languages. The third problem  , the coverage of dictionaries is not a linguistic problem and is in principle the same for all languages. Experimental results on a real clickthrough data show that the method can not only cover 413 the OOV queries out of 500 queries  , but also achieve 62.2% in top-1 to 80.0% in top-5 precision. We are interested in realizing: whether this nice characteristic makes it possible for the bilingual translations of a large number of unknown query terms to be automatically extracted; and whether the extracted bilingual translations if any can effectively improve CLIR performance. Many of them contain bilingual translations of proper nouns  , such as company names and personal names. The proposed approach was found to be effective in extracting correct translations of unknown query terms contained in the NTCIR-2 title queries and real-world Web queries. To determine the performance of the proposed approach when applied to CLIR  , we have conducted extensive experiments including the experiments with the NTCIR-2 English-Chinese IR task. A model-based approach usually utilizes the existing statistical machine translation models that were developed by the IBM group 3. Our empirical study with documents from ImageCLEF has shown that this approach is more effective than the translation-based approach that directly applies the online translation system to translate queries. In the study  , we examine the CLIR approach that learns a statistical translation model from an automatically generated parallel corpus by an online translation system. Figure 1shows that if one of the query terms is not translated x-axis  , how the corresponding AP y-axis changes using the correct translations of the rest of terms as a query. Moreover  , within each corpus setting  , we go into details to inspect the effectiveness using different features. Specifically  , leaving si untranslated could be a wise choice if its semantics could be recovered by pre-or post-translation expansion. Groups such as ETH 15  , and a collaboration between the University of Colorado  , Duke University and Microsoft 21 investigated corpus based methods. Multilingual thesauri can be built quite effectively by merging existing monolingual thesauri 27 ; the UMLS Metathesaurus is an excellent current example. As anticipated  , performance is still behind dictionary independent methods using parallel corpora lo. Computing DO and HSA on the PLTM model we achieve a relative speed improvement of 5.12 times over MAP. On the patent retrieval task  , following the experimental setup of 10  , model performance was evaluated using MAP computed over 372 queries and a test collection of 70k patents. While on the CLIR task PLTMs were configured with T=100  , 200  , 300  , 400  , 500  , 700 and 1k. However  , specific non-dictionary nouns and proper names often supply key evidence on the relevance of documents with respect to a query. In this case  , the distribution figures suggest that the TRT based fuzzy translation technique is viable in operational CLIR systems  , the noise being acceptable. precision 72.0%  , As shown  , 80% of the correct equivalents are within the set of four highest ranked words. A novel method for CLIR which exploits the structural similarity among MDS-based monolingual projections of a multilingual collection was proposed. Further experiments with larger datasets and more realistic queries are required to evaluate the practical implications of this theoretical advantage. In terms of computation  , the two methods are equally efficient since the joint and marginal probabilities used in computing PMI can be easily derived from the counts of A  , B  , C and D defined in 4.2. Comparative evaluation of PMI and CHI or IG in CLIR was not reported before. Another thread of research has focused on translating multiword expressions in order to deal with ambiguity 2  , 28. For example  , the industry standard leverages state-of-theart statistical machine translation SMT to translate the query into the target language  , in which standard retrieval is performed 4 . Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR needs to jointly optimize the tasks of translation and retrieval  , however   , it is standardly approached with a focus on one aspect. Instead  , we use specialized domains such as patents or Wikipedia where relevance information can be induced from the citation or link structure. We introduced a novel way to learn term translation probabilities from the top scoring " readings " of alternative query translations  , as generated by the decoder. Current methods of solving this problem have difficulty in tuning parameters and handling terms that are not registered in a dictionary  , when applied to large-scale and/or distributed digital libraries. In CLIR  , using the query translation approach  , the semantic ambiguity of a query can degrade the performance of retrieval. The findings can inform librarians  , information scientists  , and IR system designers of the needs  , requirements  , and approaches to enhance cross-language controlled vocabularies  , and improve search engines to provide users with more relevant results. Such records are also found in the Mainichi newspaper collection but they are excluded from the NTCIR-3 CLIR-J-J evaluation. Some MEDLINE records are extremely short and no abstract is provided  , although some of them are assessed as relevant to some topics. Despite such biases  , the MEDLINE collection seems to close to the Japanese newspaper collections see Table  5 rather than the Patent collections. The discussed approach uses domain-specific ontologies for increasing the effectiveness of already-available machine translation services like Microsoft Bing 1 and Google Translate 2  by expanding the queries with concepts coming from the ontologies. In this paper we consider a specific bi-language DL—the Niupepa 1 collection—and examine how the default language setting of the DL interface affects usage. Recent research on multi-language digital libraries has focused on cross-language information retrieval CLIR—retrieving documents written in one language through a query in a different language 1. Results and performances of different models and combinations are described in The proposed two-stages model using comparable corpora '4' showed a better improvement in average precision compared to '3'  , the simple model one stage and approached the performance of the dictionary-based model '2' with 79.02%. Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. We therefore explored one of the several possible sources of statistical evidence for synonymy. The importance of the technique and the study lies in it introduces a novel and effective way of using statistical translation knowledge for searching information across language boundaries. Based on the above consideration  , we apply example-based query phrase translation in our Chinese-English CLIR system  , and the experiments achieve good results. This might be the case when a query is very short  , or when specific domain terminology e.g. , medicine  , engineering is used. Ballesteros and Croft explored query expansion methods for CLIR and reported " combining pre-and post-translation expansion is most effective and improves precision and recall. " Their work only examined a single language pair English to Spanish  , and relied on the Collins's English-Spanish electronic dictionary. Some of the earliest work in CLIR was done by Salton 17 and Pevzner 13 who used thesauri to index and retrieve documents written in multiple languages. They found that posttranslation query expansion  , i.e. , query expansion on the translated queries  , and the combination-translation query expansion  , i.e. , query expansion on both the original and the translated queries  , are effective in improving CLIR performance. Ballesteros & Croft 3 proposed pre-translation  , post-translation and a combination of post and pre-translation query expansion techniques based on term co-occurrence. Our CLIR method uses an off-the-shelf IR system for indexing and retrieving the documents. We measured the effectiveness of our techniques in terms of average retrieval precision which was computed using the standard 11 recall-point measurement for TREC. The collection being searched is a combination of both German SDA and NZZ  , and therefore a superset of the one that was aligned to English AP or French SDA. A variety of research has also examined the multilingual mapping of different knowledge organization systems such as thesauri or subject headings in order to support CLIR in multilingual library collections. Clinchant8 expands the standard language modeling approach by representing more than one language in the document model and then using a meta-dictionary in order to build a matching multi-language query model. In this approach  , we investigated the following three problems: 1 word/term disambiguation using co-occurrence  , 2 phrase detecting using a statistical language model  , and In section 2  , we introduce briefly our work on finding the best indexing unit for Chinese IR. For the Cross-Lingual Arabic Information retrieval  , our automatic effort concentrated on the two categories; English-Arabic Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR and monolingual information retrieval. The First- Match FM technique is used for term selection from a given entry in the MRD 8. We plan to use 50 new topics in the same languages and to ask participating teams to also rerun the 25 topics from this year with their improved systems as a way of further enriching the existing pools of documents that have been judged for relevance. The TREC-2002 CLIR track will continue to focus on searching Arabic. While the libraries are focusing on the customization of existing tools  , such as the The CLIR/DLF fellow at Indiana University has been placed within the D2I Center as a liaison to the libraries. The development of data services at Indiana University is approached as an opportunity to engage multiple units within the university  , particularly the libraries  , IT services  , and computational centers. One of the projects that build upon the library-D2I partnership is the NSFfunded DataNet project  , called Sustainable Environment- Actionable Data SEAD. We have looked in detail at the OOV problem as it applies to Chinese-English and English-Chinese CLIR. Interestingly  , although the Web is constantly changing  , we were able to find most OOV terms  , many of which related to news events up to 10 years ago. The tracks consist of 33 and 47 topics  , respectively  , which are provided both in extended Title+Description+Narrative and synthetic Title+Description forms. The simplest approach is to retain the same formulae  , but to suppress the contribution of unlikely translations. Last year  , in TREC7  , we compared three possible approaches to CLIR for French and English  , namely  , the approach based on a bilingual dictionary  , the approach based on a machine translation MT system  , and the approach based on a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts. Finally we will give a description of some experimental results. We adopted MT-based query translation as our way of bridging the language gap between the source language SL and the target language TL. Retrieval effectiveness is commonly measured using either average precision across a series of recall values or at a fixed rank. -As we will see below  , it is relatively easy to obtain a suitable degree of query expansion based on translational ambiguity. For this  , a parallel corpus of lower quality still can provide reasonably good query translations. This paper proposed two statistical models for dealing with the problem of query translation ambiguity. Our work strongly suggests that a lexical triangulation approach to transitive translation can have a beneficial effect on retrieval. One approach to achieving this is to defer merging until after retrieval has taken place and fuse document rankings instead. Our results suggest that FMT can perform substantially better than DTL methods and is generally robust to a lack of linguistic structure in queries. Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " In general  , high TF and low DF are preferred  , with the optimal combination of those factors typically being determined through experimentation c.f. , 15. The paper then concludes with some notes on limitations of the new techniques and opportunities for future work on this problem. The effectiveness and efficiency of this strategy relative to comparable baselines is then shown in subsequent sections for two applications: CLIR  , and retrieval of scanned documents using OCR. Second  , it offers a principled way of tuning the degree of dictionary coverage to optimize the retrieval effectiveness. Among these  , WTF/DF achieved the greatest improvement 9.7% relative  , and exhibited the greatest range of threshold values over which the improvement was statistically significant 0.6 to 1.0. BWESG induces a shared cross-lingual embedding vector space in which words  , queries  , and documents may be presented in a uniform way as dense real-valued vectors. end  , we rely on two key modeling assumptions: 1 We treat documents and queries as bags of words and do not impose any syntactic information to the document structure. In summary  , we have created a unified framework for MoIR and CLIR which relies solely on word embeddings induced in an unsupervised fashion from document-aligned comparable data. 5 However  , for the clarity of presentation  , we have decided to stress the complete modeling analogy between the monolingual and cross-lingual approach to IR. We address this problem by discriminative training techniques which are widely used in the SMT community  , and use automatically constructed relevance judgments from linked data. In this work we argue that one should not only " look inside " the black box of the SMT system 16   , but directly optimize SMT for the CLIR task at hand. The main problems observed are: 1 the dictionary may have a poor coverage; and 2 it is difficult to select the correct translation of a word among all the translations provided by the dictionary. We first carried out a set of preliminary experiments to investigate the impact of lexicon sources  , phrase  , and ambiguity on query translation. We observe that the queries may be classified into three categories: 1 5 queries that have both monolingual and CLIR result of average precision lower than 0.1 #58  , #61  , #67  , #69  , and #77. One common approach  , known as "query translation ," is to translate each query term and then perform monolingnal retrieval in the language of the document 11. The vertical axis is the location of passages in the book with page 1 at the top. To understand the fingerprinting analogy  , imagine the documents of one language stacked on a pile  , next to a pile that has the translations in the same order as the original. Suppose we are interested in using the projections of figure 1 for performing CLIR of new documents  , any of the three monolingual maps can be actually used for the retrieval task. The idea behind the proposed methodology is to exploit structural similarities observed among the different monolingual projections computed with MDS to identify possible correspondences among new multilingual documents. Thus  , though there has been some interest in the past especially with respect to handling variation and normalization of transliterated text  , on the whole the challenge of IR in the mixed-script space is largely neglected. The results show that this new " translation " method is more effective than the traditional query translation method. Besides being benchmarked as an independent module  , the resulting CLQS system is tested as a new means of query " translation " in CLIR task on TREC collections. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 introduces the related work; Section 3 describes in detail the discriminative model for estimating cross-lingual query similarity; Section 4 presents a new CLIR approach using cross-lingual query suggestion as a bridge across language boundaries. The new CLIR performance in terms of average precision is shown in Table 3. In our experiments  , the top 10 terms are selected to expand the original query  , and the new query is used to search the collection for the second time. We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. This clearly illustrates the strength of our approach in handling noisy data. First  , we used the data extracted from DBpedia consisting of the 52 numeric & textual data properties of the City class to test our proposed overall approach SemanticTyper. We present the maximum MRR achieved by the approaches in each domain in Table 1we observe it occurs when training on all labelled data sources apart from the test source. It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. Our approach called SemanticTyper is significantly different from approaches in past work in that we attempt to capture the distribution and hence characteristic properties of the data corresponding to a semantic label as a whole rather than extracting features from individual data values. Here  , graph equality means isomor- phism. Then  , k-Bisimk-Bisim ref G = k- BisimG. Where TSV means Term Selection Value that is used to rank terms. k 4 '  ,k 5   , k 6 are parameters. a variable for the solving method. are free of aT  , a u k k f z means of %'-configuration vectors. it contains only diagonal elements. For the constant elasticity case this means that K J = diag{K J ,i }  , i.e. Steady trending means a good performance on model robustness. a set K=100  , and b set K=200. A smaller k value means that the expanded query terms are less important. Finally we decide to apply k=1 and k=0.75 respectively. We now examine the bid variation in accounts. The means bj of the ad groups in a campaign k are themselves drawn from a normal distribution with mean b k   , and the campaign means are normal with mean b h : ∩ f k − → r  , which describe the training data by means of feature-relevance associations. That means a cloned h-fragment of a k-fragment must have its size h in the range This implies kσ ≤ h ≤ k/σ. Figure 1 depicts the investigated scenario. where c i c k means that c i is related to c k through a subsumption relationship. The extra cost incurred by this extension involves storing additional information. This means that there exists a 0 k such that u k is not contained in A;. As we increase σ k   , the performance in both Figure first increases and thereafter declines slightly. The larger σ k means the model has more tively. Thus the complexity of computing one context-aware rating is exponential in the number of modes and polynomial in the number of factors. k := k l   , this means a computational complexity of Ok m . Figure 5shows the experimental results. We also use the Suc@k which means that percentage of queries for which at least one relevance result is ranked up to position k including k. K w : This database models the plan-time effects of sensing actions with binary outcomes. K f can include any ground literal   , where ∈ K f means " the planner knows . " K- Means will tend to group sequences with similar sets of events into the same cluster. , as a distance metric. By changing the parameter k  , we can realize the variable viscosity elements. The above equation directly means the viscosity. This means that blog posts are modeled using a single QLM. We set the baseline using K = 1. This means that for k quality attributes  , Note that values 2  , 4  , 6  , and 8 represent compromises between these preferences. Intuitively this means that some classification information is lost after C  , is eliminated. tl  , t k are still distingusable. Standalone localization means that each robot estimates its position using its exteroceptive sensors data collected from the fixed beacons located in the evolution area. x 1 ,k  ,y 1 ,k  and x 2 ,k  ,y 2 ,k  are the positions of robots 1 and 2 at each instant k and i b 1 . between the power of a matrix and its spectral information e.g. Then we can obtain W k x = λ k x  , which means W k has the same eigenvector as W and the k-th power of the same eigenvalue λ k . Schematically  , preservation means that the state of ω stays within the same ≡ I -equivalence class. Formally  , preserving ω with respect to an interpretation I means that for each t  , 0 ≤ t ≤ k  , we have Is t  = Is 0 . O having overlapping sources of inconsistencies means that K ∩ K = ∅. – Overlapping: there are more than one set of axioms that are needed to produce an inconsistency in an ontology and they are interweaved with one another. When two sets of inconsistent axioms are overlapping  , it indicates that certain axioms contribute more to the inconsistencies and these axioms are possibly more problematic than others. Virtual targets are predicted using input-output maps implemented efficiently by means of a k-d tree short for k-dimensional tree a  , 91. Especially  , we focus on self improvement in the task performance. This implies that M F k is also aperiodic and together with irreducibility this means that M F k is ergodic. Moreover  , there are non-zero selfloop probabilities for every state. This can be seen based on the following two observations: The rationale behind these operations is that the K-γoverlap graph of P can be transformed into the K-γ-overlap graph of p by means of these operations. As mentioned earlier  , X k ,j denotes the corresponding user feature vector. Thus  , y kj = 1 implies user k converted on campaign j while y kj = 0 means she did not. Put simply  , the private data set is modified so that each record is indistinguishable from at least k − 1 other records. K-anonymity 24  , 25  , 26  , 29  , 30  has been proposed as a means to preserving privacy in data releases. This means that our current implementation only approximates the top-k items. Also note the current top-k bag-of-words approach shown in GREEDY-TAAT is based entirely on the frequency counts of each item. This means that we would do EA_LB_Keogh 2k-1 times  , without early abandoning. Imagine that we might have chosen W with size of K = 1  , and the query Q is within r of all k candidates. Variable reduction is illustrated in example 3. A value k of variable b i means there are k transactions from equivalence class i in the tidset  , hence it is constrained to be at most the number of variables it substitutes. are non-negative  , it means there is a solution for candidate migration. Here S K i is denotes the amount o f k-itemsets for node i to send out. This means that there are less than k objects in our constrained region. We should also note what happens when there are less than k optimal answers in the data set. The repetitive controller then try to cancel this non-periodic disturbance after one period in order to bring E r k to zero. This means that the signal E r k still contains the effect of the non-periodic disturbance. This means that the user has seen at least 3 different values for the same d − k combination key and potential tracker respectively. In the current configuration  , k l is 3 and t l is 7 days. Clustered multi-index. This means that we only need to check clusters whose keys have a Hamming distance in the range HQ  , P −k  , HQ  , P +k namely  , clusters Cj with We can observe that the prediction accuracy increases first when k increases and then becomes stable or even slightly decreases when k > 30 for all three groups of experiments. Here legend Src+Target means using both source graph edges and labeled target graph edges without instance weighting  , and IW means our instance weighting method. Mandelbrot noticed extreme variability of second empirical moments of financial data  , which could be interpreted as nonexistence of the theoretical second moments  , i.e. Initially attention was focused on the Lindeberg condition which in more broad sense means that 1 is not dominated by any finite number increments ΔS k and in particular  , when increments are identically distributed  , it means V ΔS k  < ∞. This means that This means that the descendants of v h share at least a node with the descendants of v k but they do not belong to the same subtree. Such collections of values give anonymity to secret associations. Roughly speaking  , k-anonymity means that one can only be certain that a value is associated with one of at least k values. In the final  , a single point pi of the calligraphic character can be represented as a 32 dimensional vector. wik means the number of points that located in the k-th bin. At execution time  , the planner will have definite information about f 's value. K v can contain any unnested function term f   , where f ∈ K v means that at plan time the planner " knows the value of f . " Compared with the baseline  , the performances for all K > 1 were significantly improved  , and the best performance was obtained when using K = 500. This fact means that these two categories are strongly connected to haptic information  , and granularities of these categories are different. K = 2 for a and K = 10 for b  , are used. by the means ofˆcofˆ ofˆc i and T k   , before being projected into the corresponding image. : the featurê y j must first be transformed into the coordinate frame of the i th keyframe of camera k  , i.e. That means as long as the cut-point k 1 is within the tolerance range we consider the term as similar  , outside the tolerance range it is dissimilar. 10% of k 1 . In this section we discuss the notion of k-anonymity in an intuitive manner and provide some reasons why it is nontrivial to check releasing views for k-anonymity violation. It means that outside users can never make sure which one of k property values an entity e is certainly associated with  , except when they are be able to exclude k − 1 values from them using some external knowledge . By definition  , if a view set does not violate k-anonymity  , any of its association covers must have at least k associations in it. This means we can only include targets for which our methods find at least K source candidates which naturally shrinks the set of test targets. , K. We first calculate the K precision values for each target separately and then compute the aggregate value for each k by averaging over all targets. The above EM procedure is ensured to converge  , which means that the log-likelihood of all observed ratings given the current model estimate is always nondecreasing. where U k   , S k   , and V k are matrices composed of the top k left singular vectors  , singular values  , and right singular vectors  , respectively. The value of Qo is similarly an increasing function of K which in this case means that as K increases the range of batch sizes over which the GS policy is more desirable increases. The value of p o is an increasing function of K so that the range of utilizations over which the GS policy is more desirable increases as K decreases. This result corresponds to the feature as mentioned in Section 4.1. This means that this k e d point is saddle-type and unstable. The vector of parameters to be optimised is given byˆP by the means ofˆcofˆ ofˆc i and T k   , before being projected into the corresponding image. This section is divided into four subsections. This just means that the mask update rate would be slower than the object localization update r a k . That means watermarking object should have the largest number of 16xl6 macro blocks. We select the most important blocks set with the maximum k as watermarking objects. which means that after k control steps the signal reaches the confidence zone. The controlled system's transfer function under perturbation becomes: When k increases  , the optimal b becomes negative . This means that diversifying top-10 search results reduces the risk of not returning any relevant documents. This means that RCDR successfully preserved information useful for estimating target orders. The difference was particularly clear when the number of dimensions K was small. The second parameter to be tested is the opinion similarity function. Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. The cost of evaluating inner query block can vary significantly depending on the parameter sort order guaranteed by the outer query block. For a given nested query block  , several execution plans are possible  , each having its own required parameter sort order and cost. Further  , more than one query block can be nested under the same parent query block. However   , we have chosen to re-arrange bytes by the sort order of prefixes read right to left. Traditionally  , BWT rearranges bytes in a block by the sort order of all its suffixes. Results for such queries are shown in column TLC-O for the second group of queries q1-q2. 'Push Sort in Join': Pushing Sort into a Join applies to single block join queries. This approach avoids generation of unwanted sort orders and corresponding plans. Now  , the compatible combinations of plans and the effective parameter sort order they require from the parent block are as shown in Figure 5. This Sort should also simplify the Group operation that follows and associates to each researcher the number of projects it belongs to. In block B'Res  , a Sort operation is added to order the researchers according to their key number. The sort continuous in this manner until the list of items is fully sorted in ascending order after the lg m th phase. Similarly  , the second phase of bitonic sort involves merging each even-indexed 2- item block with the 2-item block immediately following it  , producing a list where consecutive 4-item blocks are sorted in alternating directions. While generating the plans for the nested blocks we consider only those plans that require a parameter sort order no stronger than the one guaranteed by the outer block. For each sort order  , we optimize the outer query block and then all the nested blocks. In this section we propose additional techniques for exploiting the sort order of correlation bindings by retaining the state of the inner query execution across multiple bindings of the correlation variables. Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer parent query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. Then we sort the set of average intensities in ascending order and a rank is assigned to each block. In our case  , we utilize 3×3 block of each frame for ordinal signature extraction. The BWT rearranges characters in a block by the sort order of the suffixes of these characters. Offsets are limited to a maximum value called the " window size " . To reduce the number of candidate plans we can adopt a heuristic of considering only the physical operators that requires the strongest parameter sort order less than the guaranteed sort order. However  , if the parameter sort order guaranteed by the parent block is weaker e.g. , null  , then only the plain table scan is a possible candidate. Depending on the delay condition  , HERB either simultaneously released the block no delay or waited until its head was fully turned and then released the block delay  , Fig- ure 2. The human-robot interactions lasted approximately 2 minutes and 20 seconds  , though the particular amount of time varied by how long the participant took to sort the block. Finally  , the block size for AIX is 2KB  , with Starburst assuming 4KB pages  , so each Starburst I/O actually requires two AIX I/OS.' For sorting  , Starburst does not use the global buffer pool  , relying instead on a separate sort buffer; we configured its sort buffer size to be lOOKI to provide a comparable amount of space for sorting as for regular I/O. A cost-based optimizer can consider the various interesting sort orders and decide on the overall best plan. For the table in Figure 3  , one might imagine that IP Address was used as a predictor for Client ID to some benefit because each user had a preferential computer   , shown below. This is a powerful effect: all prior sort orders are used to break ties this is because stable sort was performed for each block. If this heuristic is adopted in the above example  , when the parameter sort order guaranteed from the parent block is {p 1 } only the state retaining scan is considered and the plain table scan is dropped. An approximated block matrix is generated when we then sort the eigenvectors and rearrange the eigenvector components accordingly before calculating the eigenprojector. Thus we do not need to set the number of clusters ex ante. In this approach we first traverse all the blocks nested under a given query block and identify the set of all interesting parameter sort orders. We describe this approach in subsequent subsections. Vo and Vo also showed that usage of multiple predictors for breaking ties in sort order often improves compression. This is logically equivalent to applying the permutation to all the tokens in the second block before running RadixZip over it. For queries where other factors dominate the cost  , like join q2  , the speedup is relatively small. In single block selection type queries x19 both TLC-D and TLC-O contribute by removing the blocking factor of DE and Sort. The rewrite applies only to single block selection queries. 'Push Sort in Select': We tested the efficiency of our rewrite that pushes Sorts into Selects  , as described in Section 5.2. The run block size is the buffer size for external Instead of sorting the records in the data buffer directly  , we sort a set of pointers pointing to the records. We consider LB to be the elementary block and we attempt to discuss the possibilities of fault tolerance in this program. This is the well known straight insertion sort. Since the matrices are hermitian  , the blocks are symmetric but different in color. This produces a list where consecutive 2-item blocks are sorted  , in alternating directions. Further assume query block q 2 nested under the same parent as q 1 has two plans pq 3 and pq 4 requiring sorts p 1   , p 2  and null respectively. Participants were also told that HERB's head would move and that HERB may provide suggestions about how to sort the blocks  , but that the final sorting method was up to them. They were instructed to take the block from HERB's hand once HERB had extended the block to them. Further  , the cost of the plan for the outer query block can vary significantly based on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the parameters. Note that the best parameter ordering for each query in the function body can be different and also there can be multiple functions invoked from the same outer query block. The necessary conditions to bundle operators within a block are: same degrees of parallelism and same partitioning strategies. In the PQEP shown in Figure 2c   , the largest block is formed by the sort  , projection proj  , group  , and hash-join hj ,i , operators having a DOP of 5. For illustration  , we will use the following block of variable-width tokens: Figure 5.1 shows the output of both BWT and RadixZip Transform run on this input. It is unfair for one sort to allocate extra memory it cannot use while others are waiting; l a sort whose performance is not very sensitive to memory should yield to sorts whose performance is more affected by memory space; l large sorts should not block small sorts indefinitely   , while small sorts should not prevent large sorts from getting a reasonable amount of mem- ory; l when all other conditions are the same  , older sorts should have priority over younger sorts. Specifically  , the following fairness considerations are reflected in our policy: l a sort should not allocate more memory than needed. To eliminate unnecessary data traversal  , when generating data blocks  , we sort token-topic pairs w di   , z di  according to w di 's position in the shuffled vocabulary  , ensuring that all tokens belonging to the same model slice are actually contiguous in the data block see Figure 1 . If suffixes provide a good context for characters  , this creates regions of locally low entropy  , which can be exploited by various back-end compressors. Besides SIMDization  , implementing bitonic sort efficiently on the SPEs also require unrolling loops and avoiding branches as much as possible. There is a change in the shuffles performed  , because the compare-and-swap direction is reversed for the second 4-item block. The final permutation 41352 represents the sort order of the five tokens using last byte most significant order  , and can be used as input to future calls to permute. Lemma 3.2. permute and its inverse are Ob time operations   , where b is the number of bytes in the block. The bottom-up approach can be understood by the following signature of the Optimizer method. In order to avoid optimization of subexpressions for sort orders not of interest the bottom-up approach first optimizes the inner most query block producing a set of plans each corresponding to an interesting order. In the logical query DAG LQDAG  , due to the sharing of common subexpressions  , the mapping of parameters to the level of the query block that binds it cannot be fixed statically for each logical equivalence node. Therefore if any sort order needs to be guaranteed on the output of the Apply operator an enforcer plan is generated. In each ordering we consider the first 5 blocks  , and for each block we calculate the maximum similarity to the 5 blocks on both the next and previous page. For each page  , we sort all blocks on the page in four different orders: from top to bottom  , from bottom to top  , from left to right  , and from right to left. Plan operators that work in a set-oriented fashion e.g. , sort  , might also be content with this simple open-next-close protocol  , which  , however  , may restrict the flexibility of their implementation. All " real " plan operators within a block access their relevant information via the opennext-close interface of the LAS cf. To understand this property  , consider the paradigm used by previous skyline evaluation techniques  , such as Block Nested Loops 4 and Sort-First Skyline 9 . An additional interesting property of the new lattice-based skyline computation paradigm is that the performance of LS is independent of the underlying data distribution. A cost-based optimizer can consider the various options available and decide on the overall best plan. This approach combines the benefits of both the top-down exhaustive approach and the bottom-up approach. Our last example see Figure 8 shows  , among other interesting features  , how one can push a Group that materializes the relationship between researchers and projects. A 6-axis force-torque sensor in the robot's hand identifies when the participant has grasped the block to begin the transfer phase of the handover. In this task  , a robot called HERB hands colored blocks to participants  , who sort those blocks into one of two colored boxes according to their personal preference. Our memory adjustment policy aims to improve overall system performance  , that is  , throughput and average response time  , but it also takes into account fairness considerations. The output of a single block FLWOR statement in XQuery can be ordered by either the binding/document order as specified in the FOR clauses or the value order as specified in the OR- DERBY clause. An outcome of our technique is that the Ordering Specification O-Spec of a collection and for that matter the SORT operation that produced it is a superset of the potential order that can be expressed by XQuery. The drawback of this approach is that it requires significant changes to the structure of any existing Volcano-style optimizer due to the need for propagating multiple plans for the same expression and then combining them suitably. Inference of " bounded disorder " appears to be relevant when considering how order properties get propagated through block-nested-loop joins  , and could be exploited to reduce the cost of certain plan operators. We also are interested in generalizing this work to infer " bounded disorder " : unordered relations whose disorder can be measured as the number of passes of a bubble sort required to make the relation ordered. The size of the shared pool  , which is used by Oracle to store session information such as sort areas and triggers  , was set to 20MB and the size of the log buffer to 4MB to minimise the influence of Oracle internals on the measurements. The database buffer was set to 500 blocks with a database block size of 4 kbytes which resulted in an average buffer hit ratio of 98.5%. To the best of our knowledge  , the state-retention techniques and optimization of multi-branch  , multi-level correlated queries considering parameter sort orders have not been proposed or implemented earlier. Database systems such as Microsoft SQL Server consider sorted correlation bindings and the expected number of times a query block is evaluated with the aim of efficiently caching the inner query results when duplicates are present and to appropriately estimate the cost of nested query blocks. The softmax distribution has several important properties. The steps include: For the second approach  , we applied the softmax action selection rules. It chooses document xi with prob- ability After a document has been chosen it is removed from all rankings it occurs in and all softmax distributions are renormalized. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. cost function based on softmax function. We will provide some comparisons of them in image annotation problem in Section 4.2. The visible layer of the bottom-most RBM is character level replicated softmax layer as described in Section 4.2. 1a. A softmax regressor layer is connected to FC9 to output the label of input samples. The dropout layer  , Dropout8  , has a dropout probability of 0.5. Although it works well in a single dataset 9  , it will fail when thousands of locally unbalanced distance metrics are fused together. The CNN structure used in this paper is illustrated in Fig. The search logs used in this study consist of a list of querydocument pairs  , also known as clickthrough data. To ensure that edge score is a probability  , |  , is computed via softmax as |  , exp ∑ exp Thus the approximated objective function is: To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. For each rank in the interleaved list a coin is flipped to decide which ranker assigns the next document. In practice  , the probability of each action is evaluated using 12 and the highest-probability action is selected. As T + 0  , softmax action selection is the same as greedy action selection. The probability of observing the context word v given the pivot word w is defined by the softmax function: The learning goal is to maximize the ability of predicting context words for each pivot word in the corpus. PV-DBOW maps words and documents into low-dimension dense vectors. Under the bag-of-words assumption  , the generative probability of word w in document d is obtained through a softmax function over the vocabulary: Under the bag-of-words assumption  , the generative probability of word w in document d is obtained through a softmax function over the vocabulary: Each document vector is trained to predict the words it contains. First  , the basic Skip-gram model is extended by inserting a softmax layer  , in order to add the word sentiment polarity. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. The probability of observing the central sentence s m ,t given the context sentences and the document is defined using the softmax function as given below. Here 2 × cs denotes the length of the context for the sentence sequence. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. Hence  , we use hierarchical softmax 6  , to facilitate faster training. The fully connected hidden layer is and a softmax add about 40k parameters. The similarity matrix is M M M ∈ R 100×100   , which adds another 10k parameters to the model. CNNs are powerful classifiers due to their ability to automatically learn discriminative features from the input data. A typical CNN has one or more convolutional/max pooling layer pairs followed by one or more fully connected layers  , and finally a softmax layer. This is aimed at averting too long loops that would happen with simple greedy selection. The walker lays a softmax-like smoothing over the in-degrees of all target nodes e deg − s/10 ; it then chooses the next node according to given probability leading to a small stochastic effect. To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. Similar to what people has done for optimizing ranking measures such as MAP or NDCG  , we find an approximate solution by constructing a new approximate objective function that is differentiable. Similarly  , we define the probability of observing the document dm given the sentences present in it as follows. Sigmoid activation functions are used in the hidden layer and softmax in the output layer to ensure that outputs sum to one. , L  , and therefore the input and output layers have as many nodes as the number of topics used to model these sets  , K Q and K QA respectively. While some approaches use special ranking loss layers 10  , we have extended the CNN architecture using a sigmoid layer instead of the softmax layer and a cross entropy loss function. Several concepts  , such as " summer "   , " playground " and " teenager "   , may occur simultaneously in an image or scene. Similar to 38  , we add an additional softmax layer upon the target language SAE that outputs the sentiment labels of the target language data. We exploit the supervision information on the labeled target language data set At to directly tune the target language SAE. Then the labeled target language data in At are used to compute the backpropagated errors to tune the parameters in the target language SAE. We train the embeddings of the words in comments using skip-bigram model 10  with window size of 10 using hierarchical softmax training. In this way we represent each comment by a dense low-dimensional vector which is trained to predict words in the comment and overcomes the weaknesses of word embeddings solely. For the embedding of comments we exploit the distributed memory model since it usually performs well for most tasks 8. For each leaf node  , there is a unique assigned path from the root which is encoded using binary digits. Instead of evaluating every distinct word or document during each gradient step in order to compute the sums in equations 9 and 10  , hierarchical softmax uses two binary trees  , one with distinct documents as leaves and the other with distinct words as leaves. However  , directly optimizing the above objective function is impractical because the cost of computing the full softmax is proportional to the size of items |I|  , which is often extremely large. and attempts to derive such ranking by maximizing the buying probability of next items over the whole purchase history. Then  , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space  , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context  , followed by their loss functions. The bottom-most RBM of our model  , which models the input terms  , is character-level variant of the replicated softmax RSM model presented in 28  for documents . The RBMs are stacked on top of each other to constitute a deep architecture. Furthermore  , millions of training images are needed to build a deep CNN model from scratch. In application the input of the NN is the topic distribution of the query question according to latent topic model of the existing questions  , represented by θ Q *   , and its output is an estimate of its distribution in the QA latent topic model  , θ QA * . We plan to investigate these methods in future work. This challenge can be addressed in various ways: i a scalable vector tuning and updating for new comments  , ii inferring low-dimentional vector for new comments using gradient descent using the parameters  , the word vectors and the softmax weights from the trained model  , and iii approximating the new vector by estimating the distance of the new comment to the previous comments using the words and their representations. An efficient alternative that we use is hierarchical soft-max 18  , which reduces the time complexity to O R logW  + bM logM  in our case  , where R is the total number of words in the document sequence. In sequence-to-sequence generation tasks  , an LSTM defines a distribution over outputs and sequentially predicts tokens using a softmax function. The extent to which the information in the old memory cell is discarded is controlled by ft  , while it controls the extent to which new information is stored in the current memory cell  , and ot is the output based on the memory cell ct. LSTM is explicitly designed for learning long-term dependencies   , and therefore we choose LSTM after the convolution layer to learn dependencies in the sequence of extracted features . Suppose we have the variational distribution: Therefore  , we carry out variational EM. However  , this approach utilizes our proposed inference correction during each round of variational inference. As with PL-EM Naive  , this method utilizes 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference  , 10 rounds of EM  , and maximizes the full PL. Variational EM alternates between updating the expectations of the variational distribution q and maximizing the probability of the parameters given the " observed " expected counts. For evaluation purposes the accuracy of predicted location is used. For inference 17 use Variational EM. investigate how to perform variational EM for the application of learning text topics 33. Nallapati et al. MaxEntInf Pseudolikelihood EM PL-EM MaxEntInf : This is our proposed semi-supervised relational EM method that uses pseudolikelihood combined with the MaxEntInf approach to correct for relational biases. It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference and  , since the PL-EM is more stable than CL-EM  , 10 rounds of EM. To maximize with respect to each variational parameter  , we take derivatives with respect to it and set it to zero. The variational EM maximizes the lower bound of the log likelihood with respect to the variational parameters  , and then for fixed values of the variational parameters  , maximizes the lower bound with respect to the model parameters. The inference is performed by Variational EM. Then the term and the location are generated dependent on this topic assignment  , according to two different multinomial distributions. While the E-step can be easily distributed  , the M-step is still centralized  , which could potentially become a bottleneck. The inference is done by Variational EM and the evaluation is done by measuring the accuracy of predicted location and showing anecdotal results. The topics to generate terms are local topics   , which are derived from global topics. As CL-EM is known to be unstable 14   , we smooth the parameters at each iteration t. More specifically  , we estimate It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference. Maximizing the global parameters in MapReduce can be handled in a manner analogous to EM 33 ; the expected counts of the variational distribution generated in many parallel jobs are efficiently aggregated and used to recompute the top-level parameters. This independence can be engineered to allow parallelization of independent components across multiple computers. Two-stage hill climbing 5.2.1. T o obtain a successor node during hill climbing mode  , the following steps are taken. Let the cmt at any node m for hill climbing. In the hybrid SSH  , localization by hill-climbing is replaced by localization in an LPIM. following and hill-climbing control laws  , moving between and localizing at distinctive states. Two hill climbing scenarios are considered below. 8shows a modified Pioneer 3-AT at the bottom of a hill attempting to climb the hill. The hill climbing method generates solutions very fast if it does not encounter deadends. This measure is then used for a search method similar to the hill climbing method. This experiment validates the effectiveness of the weighted LHS combined with the Smart Hill-Climbing. Furthermore   , the final result of the search is better than that of Smart Hill-Climbing with LHS. percolation "  ? .. -the way this task can bc achicvcd : " hill-climbing " gradient methods  ? " edges  ? 12 and 13show the concave and convex transition of climbing up hill respectively. Figs. hill there may exist a better solution. Accepting Qud moves corresponds I ,O a " hill climbing " IC91: on the other side of IJtc! robot path PhMing. Hence  , the solution most likely converges to local minimum. Hill-climbing method is used for its simplicity and effectiveness. 4. GA optimization combined with simple hill climbing is used to improve gaits. Not all selected Fig. Finally  , it describes how SBMPC was specialized to the steep hill climbing problem. Next  , it disusses the benefits of SBMPC. Hill climbing does not work well for nonconvex spaces  , however  , since it will terminate when it finds a local maxima. Hill climbing starts from a random potentially poor solution  , and iteratively improves the solution by making small changes until no more improvements are found. In both cases  , concave and convex transition gait are performed sequentially. The one is climbing up the hill with 35 degrees of the slope and the other is the going down the hill. The detailed tracing results show that hill-climbing started from choosing topfacets and gradually replaced similar facets by less similar ones. Although hill-climbing had a slightly worse target article coverage than the other two 5% less  , it outperformed them in pair-wise similarity which means the facets selected have smaller overlap of navigational paths. However  , even if we combine DP with hill-climbing  , the planning problem is not yet free from combinatorial explosion . In 8  , we analyzed a simple vision-motion planning problem and concluded that hill-climbing is useful to limit a search space at each stage of DP. However   , we adjust all the weights in a WNB simultaneously  , unlike the hill climbing method  , in which we adjust each weight individually. Like the hill climbing method  , we stop adjusting the weights when the increase between the current AUC and the previous AUC is less than a very small value ¯. The final facets selected by hill-climbing usually were still within the top 30%  , while the ones selected by random-were evenly distributed among the results from single-facet ranking. We have experimented with hill climbing in our model fitting problem  , and confirmed that it produces suboptimal results because the similarity metric dK or others is not strictly convex. In the sequel we describe several alternatives of hill climbing and identify the problem properties that determine performance by a thorough investigation of the search space. The good performance of hill climbing motivates the current work  , since fast search for sub-optimal solutions is the only way to deal with the vast amounts of multimedia information in several applications. The general approach can be used to specify the vehicle velocity at the top of the hill in the steep hill climbing problem. This ongoing work will be reported in a future publication. Alternatively  , we can follow the hill climbing approach but it is computationally more expensive and requires more scans of the database 18. However  , unlike the hill climbing approach where all the points are reassigned to the clusters  , we do not reassign the points already assigned to the 'complete' clusters . Each experiment performed hill climbing on a randomly selected 90% of the division data. Ten experiments were performed with each of the two divisions. The hill-climbing match procedure typically requires about one minute. A SPARCstation 10 is used both for robot control and for relocalization. This hill-climbing search was conducted on COCOMO II data divided into pre-and post-1990 projects. A * search is therefore more computationally expensive on average than hill climbing. Portions of many different paths may therefore be explored before a solution path is finally found. The heuristical method can be enhanced with known methodologies such as hill climbing. We believe that much future work can be done. Finally  , a hill-climbing phase in which different implernentation choices are considered reintroduces some of the interactions. This effectively rules out all choice interactions in this phase. Figure 2 only shows the most often influential attributes; i.e. This procedure is formalized in Alg. In each hill climbing iteration  , we select the best grasp from N C l  until no improvement is achieved. As the robot climbed the hill  , it decelerated  , resulting in a continual decrease in velocity. 14shows the result for hill climbing using SBMPC  , which commanded the robot to accelerate to a velocity of 0.55 m/s at 3 s  , the time at which the vehicle was positioned at the bottom of the hill. Metaheuristic algo- rithms 9 are elaborate combinations of hill climbing and random search to deal with local maxima. The impracticability of examining every possible partition naturally leads to the adoption of a hill climbing strategy  , which essentially consists of iteratively rearranging existing partitions by moving individual objects to different clusters  , and keeping the new partition only if it provides an improvement of the objective function. The other dramatic effect is the time taken with hill-climbing; not only is it just a fraction of the time taken without hill-climbing  , it is very close to being a constant  , varying between 32- 42ps for this set of randomised motion parameters and hull sizes between 10 and 500. The sequence length here is that the average number of iterations per calculation is indeed quite close to 1. However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. Computational search techniques to find fixed level covering arrays include standard techniques such as hill climbing and simulated annealing. For feature smoothing  , we found that it is valuable to apply different amounts of smoothing to single term features and proximity features 5. Feature weights are learned by directly maximizing mean average precision via hill-climbing. The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. dynamic programming  , greedy  , simulated annealing  , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 22. This prompts a need to develop a technique to escape from local minima through tunnelling or hill-climbing. The path formed at the local minima may not be collision-free and may be much longer than the optimal one. Three basic search techniques are combined to perform the search through the octree space. In our experiments  , the parameter pair Second  , we use the hill-climbing a1 orithm and the crossover-swapping operator in paralfel. The performance of EVIS on Lawrence's instances is shown in Table 2 Although it is not possible to avoid deadends completely during the search  , we can minimize the probability of encountering deadends based on the measure developed here. Such a path always exists for a connected graph. Therefore  , we propose as an " optimal " path the one obtained by a hill-climbing method with Euclidean distances as the metric for edge weight. Further parallelization is possible by batching up all the states to be evaluated in a single optimizer step. This allows us to use iterative hill-climbing approaches  , such as coordinate ascent  , to optimize the classifier in under an hour. For performance reasons  , the iterative medoid-searching phase is performed on a sample using a greedy hill-climbing technique. The Manhattan Distance divided by the subspace dimension is used as normalized metric for trading between subspaces of different dimensionality. After this iterative search  , an additional pass over the data is performed for refinement of clusters  , medoids and associated subspaces. 11shows the result for hill climbing using SBMPC  , which commanded the robot to back up and then accelerate to a velocity of 0.55 m/s at 1.5 s  , a velocity maintained until approximately 2.3 s  , the time at which the vehicle was positioned at the bottom of the hill. Fig. When the objective function has an explicit form  , Hill-climbing could quickly reach an optimal point by following the local gradients of the function. The first three are generally applicable as they require little a priori knowledge of the problem. One approach to reducing the number of choice interactions that must be considered is described by Low 'Low  , 1974. If the stopping condition is not met  , the framework will use a hill-climbing strategy to find a new value for N and a new iteration will start. This performance metric is compared with the target value. Two very important parts of this formulation  , which are often overlooked or not present in similar models  , are feature weighting and the feature smoothing. Now that the model has been fully specified  , the final step is to estimate the model parameters. Since our parameter space is small  , we make use of a simple hill climbing strategy  , although other more sophisticated approaches are possible 10. We now describe a technique that incorporates hill-climbing and is roughly We assume that which vertices are adjacent to each vertex is pre-computed and stored as a part of the polyhedron representation. Mobile manipulators may have difficulties for the stability in climbing up a hill  , maneuvering on unstructured terrain  , and fast manipulation. Basically  , however  , the stability problem of the whole system is very important. The Spatial Semantic Hierarchy SSH 2 The basic SSH explores the environment by selecting an alternating sequence of trajectory. The JUKF functioned as expected. For the few times that the position uncertainty became too large  , we were able to re-estimate initial positions using hill-climbing and GSL. The transformation that produces the best match is then used to correct the dead reckoning error. We have developed a technique that uses a hill-climbing search to match evidence grids constructed at the same estimated position at different times. High and low values were chosen empirically based on reasonable values for level ground and hill climbing. The parameter variation experiments were conducted on level ground and at a moderate slope of 8 degrees. All parameter values are tuned based on average precision since retrieval is our final task. At the current stage of our work  , the parameters are selected through exhaustive search or manually hill-climbing search. In experiments  , we find an appropriate ¡Û value manually for each dataset. Expert knowledge can be included in the methods  , and the definition of the problem can be changed in different ways to reflect different user envi- ronments. Overall  , hill-climbing helps us reducing overlapping facets without losing much coverage of target articles. Therefore the fanout of internal nodes and the length of navigational paths are within a reasonable range for the users. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. Additional parameters are tuned by running a hill-climbing search on the training data. There exist two general approaches: the hill-climbing approach based on the MDL score 16  , 23  , the prevalent  , more practical one which is used here  , and the constraint-based approach. However  , the general problem is NP-complete 4. First  , it can localize unambiguously at any pose within the LPM rather than relying on the basic SSH strategy of hill-climbing to an unambiguous pose. In return  , the robot obtains two substantial benefits in terms of its spatial knowledge. The method of simulated annealing provides suck a technique of avoiding local minima. As there is no analytical method available for the solution of differential equations  , the problem is solved by numerical method. In our approach to GSL  , data patterns are first matched to HEC cluster patterns through hill-climbing 8201. In general  , the initial first-and second-order statistics are estimated through global self-localization GSL. Then mobile robots can plan motion using the multi-functional and efficient traversability vector t-vector obstacle detection model 6. To reduce the computational cost  , pruning using problem specific constraints is necessary. ORCLUS 3  , finds arbitrarily oriented clusters by using ideas related to singular value decomposition. PROCLUS 2 seeks to find axis-aligned subspaces by partitioning the set of points and then uses a hill-climbing technique to refine the partitions. To identify modes  , all data points are taken as starting points and their location is updated through a sequence of hill climbing step. The latter approach was chosen in this paper because it avoids representing the high-dimensional feature space. Only those data points that have a density exceeding the noise threshold before beginning the hill-climbing are assigned to a cluster center. Assignment to a cluster center is achieved using hillclimbing on the same density landscape. Otherwise  , the attributes in the non-stale set are selected as being influential on the score. We usually settle at a maximum within 15–25 iterations: Figure 3shows that Jα quickly grows and stabilizes with successive iterations. The hill-climbing approach is fast and practical. For the following discussion  , we assume medium or large nonindexed images and unrestricted variables. Earlier authors have considered instead using hill-climbing approaches to adjust the parameters of a graph-walk 14. In this paper we propose the use of learned re-ranking schemes to improve performance of a lazy graph walk. 1for the robot is generated between the two node positions. If a local miminum is reached  , A * search is invoked  , beginning at the point at which hill climbing got stuck see Fig. In many cases the contact positions had to be heavily adjusted to fulfill reachability. The dotted lines indicate the path each contact took in 3D space during the iterated refinement and hill climbing steps. Since our method has only 3 parameters  , we calculated their optimal setting with a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search method. For the baseline method the association score between the document and any candidate mentioned is always equal to 1.0. Tuning Interrelated Knobs: We may know of fast procedures to tune a set of interrelated knobs. We can now focus on these type-II knobs  , and perform hill climbing to obtain a potentially better knob configuration. Note  , that this maximization is a special case of the maximization of the posterior 3  , just that the likelihood becomes a constant. This can be done by hill climbing as well. We run preliminary experiments on a small scale system to validate that the theoretical results hold. Applying a hill-climbing strategy for workload intensity along the stress vectors  , we are able to reach the stress goal. That figure shows the percentage of times an attribute was selected by a N =4 hill climbing search. Figure 2suggests that we do not have such a " large enough " database. Hill climbing has the potential to get stuck in a local minimum or freeze  , so stopping heuristics are required. This allows us to randomly walk around ¦  , without reducing the goodness of our current solution. Table 8compares results for some fixed level arrays reported in 22 . Simulated annealing consistently does as well or better than hill climbing  , so we report only those results for the next two tables. These observations support Joachim's experience that the VC-dimension of many text Train  , c = −1 Test  , c = −1 "money-fx.lf" "money-fx.af" We then perform a hill-climbing search in the hierarchy graph starting from that pair. If this simple test fails  , we randomly sample the cache and identify a pair in the sample whose distance is closest to the required one. In order to comprehend the behavior of hill climbing under different combinations of search strategies  , we first study the search space for configuration similarity. Figure 2shows b 12 variables and thus does not necessarily guarantee an optimal path in the shortest path sense. Remolina and Kuipers 13  ,  151 present a formalization of the SSH framework as a non-monotonic logical theory. A gateway is a boundary between qualitatively different regions of the environment: in the basic SSH  , the boundary between trajectory-following and hill-climbing applicability. This is the criterion used in the examples in Figures Each gateway has two directions  , inward and outward. For the refinement step  , we apply a greedy hill climbing procedure explained in Sec. We stop coarsening the mesh before it degenerates and then apply a random initialization of contacts. This energy could be employed for hill climbing or long jumping  , or converted to vertical motion in a " pole vaulting " mode. In reality  , the hopper may be able to store substantial additional energy due to its horizontal motion. Accepting bad moves corresponds to perform what is called a hill climbing: on the other side of the hill there may exist a better solution. Then  , the method Proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Very Large Data Bases acceptAction uses Prob  , which is a boolean function that returns true with a probability that depends on temp and the costs of the compared states  , usually e ~~s'~cost~s~cost~~temP. This commanded velocity profile resulted in the vehicle's front wheels reaching the top of the hill at approximately 4.1 s. A time-lapse sequence of the motion with and without SBMPC is shown in Figure 12. All the other runs got stuck in an infeasible local maximum. In the experiments for this problem  , only 8 out of 480 single start statistical hill-climbing runs 6 hours on one Sparc 20 per run converged to a feasible solution-that is approximately 1.7%. Section II describes the dynamic model used in this research  , which was developed in 5 and emphasizes important model features that enable it to be used for motion planning in general and the steep hill climbing problem in particular. Second  , it constructs a complete representation of the paths at the place  , and hence of the dstates and possible turn actions. The hill climbing search strategy modifies the position of one fixel at a time until arriving at a fixel configuration achieving simultaneous contact and providing force closure with the feature tuple. In this section  , we describe a heuristic search strategy for finding a fixel configuration for a particular feature tuple. Deletion of tuples is performed symmetrically  , from the leaves to the root  , updating each concerned summary to take into account tuple deletion. The so-called hill-climbing search method locally optimize the summary hierarchy such that the tree is an estimated structure built from past observations and refined every time a new tuple is inserted. The β values are tuned via hill climbing based on the hybrid NDCG values of the final ranking lists merged from different rankers. In CS-DAC  , several rankers are trained simultaneously  , and each ranking function f * k see Equation 3 is optimized using the CS- DAC loss function and hybrid labels. Since both energy functions can be locally minimized by preserving the overlap  , a definite hill climbing is involved. The non-overlapping modules corresponding to the initial configuration lie inside the loop while those corresponding to the final Configuration lie outside the loop. It should be noted that local optimizing techniques  , such as hill climbing  , cannot be used here to find the global optimum  , due to the presence of local extrema. Like a random search  , a global optimum will be produced in the limit as ng-wo. Despite the great deal of motion planning research  , not much work has been done directly on the area of pushing planning. However  , it has a few limitations  , such as the fact that it is based on a hill climbing search  , which seem to make it unsuitable for our domain. surface are iden tifiedand counted as rocks for inclusion in the roughness assessment. In effect  , targets that differ from the ground 'The F uzzy Bversability Index also depends on the wheel design and traction mechanism of the robot which determine its hill clim bing and rok climbing capabilities. Surprisingly  , although ensemble selection overfits with small data  , reliably picking a single good model is even harder—making ensemble selection more valuable. Despite previous refinements to avoid overfitting the data used for ensemble hill- climbing 3   , our experiments show that ensemble selection is still prone to overfitting when the hillclimb set is small. While 10 uses a feature space grid to assist in the search for maxima  , 4 parses the table of data points for each hill climbing step. Note that hill-climbing strategies are currently the only ones that are compatible with LLA  , because statistical goodness-offit tests χ 2  require the compared models to be nested. Forward selection starts with a simple model usually all variables independent and iteratively adds terms accepting more complex hypotheses  , so long as there is sufficient evidence to accept new hypotheses. The method applies a " hill-climbing " strategy that makes use of a 3-D playing area measuring   , as visualised in the illustrations discussed above. To obtain these values  , we apply a procedure for identifying the threshold values that lead to the highest classification accuracy from a particular training set. In the latter case the hill-climbing procedure has been ineffective in escaping a poor local optimum. This is also the case for zoo and hepatitis  , and for mushroom  , where even a much larger data set includes misleading instances if a small support threshold is chosen. The average width and height of the facets generated by the three methods were about the same  , except that random-occasionally chose some much wider facets. In this technique  , the " bad quality " clusters the ones that violate the size bound are discarded Step FC7 and is replaced  , if possible  , by better quality clusters. The system performs the path search in an octree space  , and uses a hybrid search technique that combines hypothesize and test  , hill climbing  , and A ' This paper discusses some of the issues related to fast 3-D motion planning  , and presents such a system being developed at NRS. 12where it can be seen that despite random initialization  , our approach is capable to synthesize point contact grasps that comply to different reachability constraints. At this moment  , we have selected a value for all type-I and type-III knobs of S. Recall that some type-I knobs are actually converted from type-II ones  , which are ordered discrete or continuous. Thus  , the system does not adopt a purely agglomerative or divisive approach  , but rather uses both kind of operators for the construction of the tree. One can check whether the fitness function for the satellite docking problem exhibits this property by performing a large number of statistical hillclimbing runs 6. It can be noticed that climbing hills are not very well localised and that sometimes rocks are wrongly classified as steps down. The right image shows some small acceptable rocks on the right  , a 1 m to 20 crn deep from left to right step down at 5 m  , and a 45" hill at 10 m. Obstacle detection is quite reliable. This set of items is a complete description of what the mobile robot can see during its runs. We make the hypothesis that two or more of these situations cannot overlap e.g. , a small rock on the right side while climbing a big hill. Moreover  , it is worth noticing that  , since the search strategy and the application context are independent from each other  , it is possible to easily re-use and experiment strategies developed in other disciplines  , e.g. The procedure commences with initial support and confidence threshold values  , describing a current location   in the base plane of the playing area. Fig- ure 13shows the average characteristics of the faceted interfaces generated by these methods. The number of blocks remains constant throughout the hill climbing trial. A potential transformation is made by selecting one of the sets belonging to Ë and then replacing a random point in this -set by a random point not in the -set. The soft cardinalities a measure of set cardinality that considers inter-element similarities in the set of the two sets of stems and their intersection are used to compute the similarity of two given short text fragments. Several measurements were made to ascertain the quality of the various selection techniques  , as seen in Figure 1. All of the design and selection of the distance measures was done using hill-climbing on the development set  , and only after this exploration was All of the design and selection of the distance measures was done using hill-climbing on the development set  , and only after this exploration was In Figure 1we see both development and test set results for answer selection experiments involving a sample of the distance measures with which we experimented. By extracting the switching points from the model  , we are able to compute the stress vectors that yield a bottleneck change. Due to the absence of the training corpus  , the tuning of all parameters was performed on the testing data using a brute-force hill-climbing approach. As an exception  , the Probabilistic Translation Model was evaluated on the same representation that was used by Xu et.al.19. However  , the conventional G A applications generate a random initial population without using any expert knowledge. In other search engines such as Hill-Climbing  , it is clear that starting from a good location can significantly improve chances for convergence to an optimal solution in a much shorter time. Further  , we will replace the exponential moving average with an more efficient stochastic gradient hill climbing strategy. Future work will improve our distributed approach by optimizing floating point parameters of central pattern generators instead of discrete action or set-points in gaittables . This way it can significantly increase the number of prob­ lems for which a solution can be found. In this paper we present a randomized and hill-climbing technique which starts with an initial priority scheme and optimizes this by swapping two randomly chosen robots. In order for dead reckoning to be useful for mobile robots in real-world environments  , some means is necessary for correcting the position errors that accumulate over time. The presented data is taken from the above experiment and for the bunny object. For this  , we consider how many hill climbing steps the approach requires at each level and how many grasps need to be compared in each of these steps. 3represents the largest possible output power for one side of the vehicle  , which is 51 W. Generally speaking  , the torque limit constraint 5 is what causes deceleration when climbing a steep hill  , while the power constraint 6 limits the speed of the vehicle while traveling on either horizontal or sloped terrains. The square symbol in Fig. A particular classifier configuration can be evaluated over a set of over 10000 images with several lights per image by a few hundred computers in under a second.  The knowledge base is enriched by learning from user behaviors  , such that the retrieval performance can be enhanced in a hill-climbing manner. Therefore  , the results retrieved based on it are more relevant to the query than those retrieved by the CBR systems  , which rely on low-level features only.  The LGM provides a solid and generic foundation for multimedia retrieval  , which can be extended towards a number of directions. The knowledge base is enriched by learning from user behaviors  , such that the retrieval performance can be enhanced in a hill-climbing manner. The problems remaining are those of stability and reliability. The control problem can be problem of getting stuck in a local optimum which other Proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Very Large Data Bases hill climbing problems are faced with. These parameters can be divided into two kinds: the weights on the classes of words  , like people or locations  , and the thresholds for deciding if enough of the content is novel. We opted for a hill-climbing approach to find effective parameters for the system. In general  , the quality of solutions increases with density. In order to test this observation we ran experiments with the four variations of hill climbing 2 variable selection  2 value selection mechanisms using query sets of 6 and 15 variables over datasets of I000 uniformly distributed rectangles with densities of 0.1 and 1. Following six trajectories for each of ten rooms  , we observe that  , provided GSL is accurate  , the JUKF could repeatedly and reliably track the position and orientation of both vehicles. The WSJ  , FT  , SJMN  , and LA collections are used for testing whether the parameters optimized on AP can be used consistently on other collections. Therefore  , a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search is used to optimize mean average precision by starting at the full independence parameter setting λT = 1  , λO = λU = 0. An example mean average precision surface for the GOV2 collection using the full dependence model plotted over the simplex λT + λO + λU = 1 is shown in Figure 2. In this case it is advisable to choose the optimum slope which requires the nummum energy consumption. However  , in some cases it is important to evaluate the energy required per ascending distance  , which we denote by cost of climbing COC  , such as when presented with different paths to the peak of a hill. The relocalization subsystem then used hill-climbing to find the best match between these two grids and output the estimated error. Next the encoders were reset  , so the robot viewed the new location as the origin  , and a second evidence grid was built. During these experiments  , transient changes were present  , in the form of people moving past the robot as it constructed these evidence grids. A hill-climbing gradient ascent technique described independently by Sanderson 9 and Jarvis 4 is to compute the criterion function  , move the lens  , recompute the Criterion function  , and look at the sign of the difference of the criterion. This section describes a control strategy for automatically focusing on a point in a static scene. As can be seen  , the energy function corresponding to the optimal assignment metric yields ibetter results than the overlap metric in all cases. In general  , the fitness of the composite operator is adjusted as  By adjusting the operator fitness  , we balance the exploration of new search space and the exploitation of promising solutions found by the hill-climbing algo- rithm. This scheme is called parent replacement. Anyway  , the C parameter tuning is a very time and labor intensive work so that we need some automatic hill-climbing parameter calibration given enough computing power. For the feature sets  , combining the full text terms  , gene entities and MeSH terms is effective but even the combinations of two of them work reasonably well. We needed to index most of the content  , so indexing the content with partial noise was preferred to the one where some content blocks are unrecognized. The result was quite similar to the hill climbing heuristic  , but it skipped many important blocks in some of the cases. The ultimate goal of this work is the development of 3D machines that can cross rugged  , natural andl manmade terrains. The heading is then modified so that the robot moves towards the stronger reading. In order to maintain a heading close to the centre of the chemical plume the robot employs a hill-climbing strategy in which the robot turns to take sensor readings to the left and right of its current heading. In such situations  , the cost to the destination can be computed without using equation 3 and the recursive computation terminates. In extensive experiments it has been proven to be very effective even for large teams of robots and using two different dec au pled path planning techniques. For forward selection  , the generation of candidate alternatives to a current model relies on the addition of edges  , because graphical models are completely defined by their edges or two-factor terms. The method searches for the weights that correspond to the best projection of data in the ddimensional space according to S&D. To find a meaningful weighting of a specific set of d dimensions   , Dim  , for a given set of must-link and cannot-link constraints  , further referred to as S&D  , our approach performs hill climbing. This phase follows a hill climbing strategy   , that is  , in each iteration  , a new partition is computed from the previous one by performing a set of modifications movements of vertices between communities. The goal of this phase is to refine the partition received from the previous phase. Given ℐ −   , instead of exhaustively considering all possible element subsets of ℐ −   , we apply a hill-climbing method to search for a local optimum  , starting from a random -facet interface ℐ . This is in line with the idea of avoiding large overlap between facets Section 4.2. To increase the chance of forming a good solution we repeat the random walk or trial a number of times  , each time beginning with a random initial feasible solution. Since EIL for M CICM where the limiting campaign has high effectiveness property or for COICM in general are submodular and monotone  , the hill climbing approach provides a 1 − 1/e ap- proximation 10  , 36 for these problems. We leave a more extensive evaluation including such heuristics as future work. However the substantial time required and perhaps the complexity of implementing such methods has led to the widespread use of simpler heuristics  , such as hill-climbing 8 and greedy methods. If the size of the test suite is the overriding concern  , simulated annealing or tabu search often yields the best results . We shall examine normalized vectors to see if it helps for an easier parameter tuning. The small number of queries in the testing dataset precluded the use of any statistical significance tests. Rather  , it selects a successor at random  , and moves to that successor provided that there is an improvement of MP C. The computation usually halts when we have not been able to choose a better successor after a fixed number of attempts. Stochastic hill climbing does not examine all successors before deciding how to move. The first is how to utilize initial expert knowledge for a better and faster search routine. Given that the Meet space is unlikely to be convex  , there is no guarantee that this greedy hill climbing approach will find a global optimum  , but  , as we will show  , it tends to reliably find good solutions for our particular problem. Each single dimensional optimization problem is solved using a simple line search. For this reason  , we discriminatively train our model to directly maximize the evaluation metric under consider- ation 14  , 15  , 25. Under the experiment's conditions  , the maximum speed on smooth level ground was 4 2 c d s or approximately 2.5 body lengths per second. The goal was to apply SBMPC to the hill climbing problem in a computationally efficient manner. The related problems of traversing mud and high  , stiff vegetation are also of interest with the main issue being a technique for effective characterization of the vehicle-ground interaction. However  , one recursive coarsening step already improves results considerably over mere hill climbing on the original mesh at level 0. We observe a general trend showing that grasp quality is increased and variance reduced as the number of levels is increased. Since the experiment in the previous section shows that more levels in general lead to better expected grasp quality  , we have to investigate how the average and worst case complexity relate to the number of levels. Turbulence in the airflow produces a fluctuating chemical concentration at the robot. All of the timings in this section were done on a 120MHz Pentium PC running Linux  , and the code was compiled using the gcc compiler with optimisation turned on  , This figure illustrates clearly the usefulness of hill-climbing  , with the effect being most noticeable for larger hulls. The data-points plotted are times in ps for a complete distance calculation . Second  , we explore how ensemble selection behaves with varying amounts of training data available for the critical forward selection step. For large document clusters  , it has been found to yield good results in practice  , i.e. , the local optimum found yields good conceptual clusters 4. is a hill-climbing procedure and is prone to getting stuck at a local optimum finding the global optimum is NP-complete. The presentation emphasizes the importance of using a closed-loop model i.e. , one that includes the motor speed controllers to reduce the uncertainty of the tire/ground interaction  , the inclusion of the motor limitations  , and the ability of the model to predict deceleration when climbing a steep hill. This section describes the dynamic model of a skid-steered wheeled vehicle that was developed and experimentally verified in 8. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. If the samples are spaced reasonably densely which is easily done with only a few dozen samples  , one can guarantee that the global maximum of the likelihood function can be found. We produce five queries with 9 variables  , and five with 12  , and for each query we generate 500 random solutions in a dataset of 1 ,000 uniformly distributed rectangles with density 0.5 density is defined as the sum of all rectangle areas divided by the workspace. The idea of considering both similarity and cost is motivated in Section 4.2.   , pagelinks.sql  , categorylinks.sql  , and redirect.sql  , which provide all the relevant data including the hyperlinks between articles  , categories of articles   , and the category system. As the goal function to be optimized in hill-climbing  , ℐ is considered better if the facets of ℐ have both smaller pair-wise similarities and smaller navigational costs than that of ℐ line 14. These latter effects probably account for the increase in average time per operation for the hill-climbing version to around 250-300ns; the difference in the code for these two methods is tiny. Some of this discrepancy will be due to the cost of the additional machine operations  , and on a modern small computer some of the time will be due to cache misses and pipeline flushes. When a local maximum is reached with a stepsize of 0.125 feet and 0.125 degrees  , the search is stopped and the resulting maximum is output as the transformation between the two evidence grids. The hill-climbing stepsize is initially set to 1.0 feet in translation  , degrees in rotation and is halved when a local maximum is reached  , in order to more precisely locate this maximum. Besides the discrete design variables  , the size of the search space is further increased by six continuously varying parameters defining the position and orientation of the space shuttle with respect to the satellite. In conclusion  , the TBD problem for the satellite docking operation is characterized by: a very large search space a high computation cost for evaluating the fitness of a a very small fraction of feasible designs a small probability of reaching these feasible designs through statistical hill-climbing. The speed limitations are expected to be particularly important when planning minimum time paths on undulating terrain. Given the vertex We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. The final solution to the optimization problem is a setting of the parameters w and a pruning threshold that is a local maximum for the Meet metric. Figure 4shows the average similarity of25 queries in each set retrieved over the two datasets every 50 seconds using a SUN Ultrasparc 2  , 200 MHz  , with 256MB of RAM. Figure 7a presents the performance of the predictive hill climbing approachPHCA and the degree centralityDegi  heuristic under various amounts of missing information for the case where the limiting campaign L is started with 30% delay. ratio of the number of the nodes saved using the respective method to the number of nodes that would be saved by the greedy method were we to have complete data Λ  , Σ  , Ξ. The expected log-likelihood 14 i s maximized using EM  , a popular niethod for hill climbing in likelihood space for problems with latent variables 2. Each new map is obtained by executing two steps: an E-step  , where the expectations of the unknown correspondences Ecij and Eci , are calculated for the n-th map eln  , and an M-step  , where a new maxinium likelihood map is computed under these ex- pectations. Finally  , note that we have assumed here that the coordinates of the object vertices are available on There is a catch though: whereas in visualisation we usually view from single directions  , in simulation we are likely to want to keep track of distances between many pairs of objects lo . We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. When the objects interpenetrate the origin of TCspace slips into the TCSO  , and GJK discovers a simplex almost certainly a tetrahedron containing the origin and within the TCSO. Hence  , replacement selection creates only half as many runs as Quicksort . wire as long as the runs generated with Quicksort. When using quicksort  , adjustments can only be done when a run has been finished and output. For the run formation phase  , they considered quicksort and replacement selection.   , for which the quicksort computation requires a number of steps proportional to n 2   , highlighting the worst-case On 2  complexity of quicksort. Either Quicksort or List/Merge should be used. P ,. Quicksort therefore has a much shorter split phase than rep1 1  , which more than offsets the longer merge phase that results from the larger number of runs that Quicksort generates . In contrast  , Quicksort writes out an entire run each time  , thus producing considerably fewer random I/OS. Similar observations about the relative trade-offs between Quicksort and rep1 1 were made in Grae90  , DeWi911. In any modern functional language a similar definition of quicksort can be given by the use of let-expressions with patterns. As a first example consider the subsequent obvious specification of quicksort with conditional equations. it works for any unordered data structure. We believe the advantages that the PREDATOR quicksort demonstrates over the B SD quicksort are: q The PREDATOR version is generic  , i.e. Then the sorted relations are merged and the matching tuples are output. quicksort. Modifying and debugging BSD quicksort is nontrivial. it is quite difficult to understand. two common in-memory sorting methods that are used for the split phase. We studied Quicksort and replacemcnt sclcction. This could significantly shorten the merge phase that follows . sorting is usually not carried out on the actual tuples. If the external ' To implement Quicksort efficiently. This is due to the start-up costs associated with the segmentation and could be reduced even further with improvements to the PREDATOR optimizer. Besides consistently producing response times that are at least as fast as Quicksort  , replacement selection with block writes also makes external sorts more responsive  , compared to Quicksort  , in releasing memory when required to do so. Our results also showed that replacement selection with block writes is the preferred inmemory sorting method. Since our technique tests the computational complexity of a program unit  , we call it a technique for computational complexity testing  , or simply complexity testing. , for which the quicksort computation requires a number of steps proportional to n 2   , highlighting the worst-case On 2  complexity of quicksort. With Quicksort  , there is a cycle of reading several pages from the source relation  , sorting them  , and then writing them to disk. Although replacement selection can shorten the merge phase  , it is not always preferable to Quicksort because replacement s&&on can also lead to a longer split phase Grae90  , DeWi911. Overall  , our results indicate that the combination of dynamic splitting and replacement selection with block writes enables external sorts to deal effectively with memory fluctuations. The <version definition > describes the versions a building block A belongs to. Examples: VERS = 1: {Speed = {High  , Low}}; VERS = 1: {Kind = QuickSort}; We note that in our setting  , we do not ask directly for rankings because the increased complexity in the task both increases noise in response and interferes with the fast-paced excitement of the game. run quicksort for each user. This choice of segmentation is particularly appropriate because quicksort frequently swaps data records. The second was a segmented record data structure: the primary segment simply contains a pointer to the secondary segmen~ which contains the data fields. Proceedings of the 23rd VLDB Conference Athens  , Greece  , 1997 Pang  , Carey and Livny PCL93a  first studied dynamic memory adjustment for sorting and proposed memory adjustment strategies for external mergesort. Generating Test Cases Based on the Input. In going from input to output we use a simple bucket sort  , while in going from output to input we use a technique structurally similar to Quicksort. In this section we will focus on three sources from which equations with extra variables can arise and on how CEC deals with these cases. When using replacement selection   , memory adjustments can be done by expanding orshrinking the selection heap. We give examples of both ways of generating the test eases. The termination of the above definition of quicksort can be verified using termination proof methods based on simplification orderings. Completion in CEC  , however  , in addition to make rewriting confluent  , establishes completeness of this efficient operational semantics for quasireductive equations. CEC supports two such methods  , polynomial interpretations and recursive path decomposition orderings. Our branch policy requires that  , whenever feasible   , each element must be less than the pivot when compared . Similarly  , WISE highlights the On 2  worst-case of Quicksort  , while the average-case complexity is only On log n. In a segmented implementation  , a record swap operation translates to a pointer swap operation whose time cost is independent of record size. The merge phase consists of one or more merge steps  , each of which combines a number of runs into a single  , longer run. The first data structure was an array  , the data structure used by B SD quicksort. Sorting was performed in-place on pointers to tuples using quicksort Hoa62. In the graphs below we assume a disk transfer rate of 1.5 MB/set  , as in SAG96  , AAD+96. In the example  , if we had defined the nonreflexive " less than " -relation < on integers and passed this to quicksort  , the violation of the reflexivity constraint for =< in totalorder would have been indicated immediately: After renaming =< into < and the sort elem into int the specification of quicksort as given in example 2.3 combined with the above specification is inconsistent because the two axioms n < 0 = false and el < el = true imply false = 0 < 0 = true which is an equation between two constructor terms. We have made the experience that if there exists such an inconsistency   , it shows up quickly during an attempt to complete the combination. This inconsistency will be encount ,ercd during complet.ion. Let-expressions with patterns are a specific form of conditional equations with extra variables which the CEC-system is able to support efficiently. Subsequent iterations operate on the cached data  , causing no additional cache misses. The step in the L2 misses-curve depicts the effect of caching on repeated sequential access: Tables that fit into the cache have to be loaded only once during the top-level iteration of quicksort . Discrete transitions are generally used when trying to convey an intuition about the overall behavior of a program in a context where the changes can be easily grasped; BALSAS visualization of the QuickSort  , in which each discrete change shows the results after each partitioning step  , may be cited as an example. Visual events involve both discrete and continuous changes in the graphical representation. Although in the existing literature BUC-based methods have been shown to degrade in high skew values  , we have confirmed the remark of others 2 that using CountingSort instead of QuickSort for tuple sorting is very helpful. In this experiment we have set D=8  , T=500 ,000  , and C i =T/i  , while varying Z from 0 uniform distribution  to 2. Moreover note that in low Z values the cube is sparse  , which generates many TTs decreasing the size of CURE and BU-BST. The constant 1.2 is the proportionality constant for a well engineered implementation of the quicksort. For the step a  , we can write t  , = ct  , + wt  , + 1.2 vlogv wstcs which accounts for reading all the documents in the collection   , parsing all the words  , and sorting the vocabulary to generate a perfect hash. Qrtickvort and replacement selection are two in-memory sorting methods that arc commonly used in external sorts. Whether the original replacement selection  , Quicksort  , or replacement selection with block writes is preferable depends not only on the hardware characteristics of the system  , but also on memory allocation and the size of the relation to be sorted. Thus  , the value of N has to reflect a compromise between reducing disk head movements and increasing the average length of the sorted runs. 'l%c second sorting method  , replacement selection  , works as li~llows: Pages of the source relation are fetched  , and the tuples in these pages arc copied into an ordered heap data structure. Quicksort produces runs that ;Irc as large as the memory that is allocated for the split phase. A nice discussion of the details involved in implementing rcplaccment sclccction can be found in Salz90. We will use the attributes to ensure that the output string is of a given length and that the elements are sorted. Our method bears a structural similarity.to Quicksort  , the output string being represented by the context-free grammar: 1. sort_output ::= empty I sort_output "element" sort_output. Basing our method on the output  , we will generate a sorted list of N numbers for the output file  , scattering these numbers in the input file as we go along. When there are many tuples in memory  , this may result in considerable delays. In the case of typical implementations of Quicksort  , all of the tuples in memory have to be sorted and written out as a new run before a page can be released'. The performance results for the two in-memory sorting methods  , Quicksort quick and replacement selection with block writes repl6. In particular  , they account for the 12~second hike in page's response time  , from an average of 410 seconds in Figure 7to an average of 530 seconds here  , compared to the smaller 65-second increase in the case of split. The method however relies on a recursive partitioning of the data set into two as it is known from Quicksort. The sample is basically used for computing the skeleton of a kd-tree that is kept as an index in an internal node of the index structure as it is known from the X-tree BKK 96. Only the start-up overhead of about 100 TLB misses is not covered  , but this is negligible. This is due to the large number of random I/OS that repf 1 produces  , as the external sort alternates between reading a relation page and writing a page to tbe output run. By writing multiple pages instead of only a single page each time as in repf I  , rep1 6 is able to sigtificantly reduce tbe number of disk seeks in replacement selection  , bringing the duration of its split phase much closer to that of quick. The only exceptions occur when quick is used in conjunction with susp  , which produces the worst response times. Due to the much longer split-phase durations that result from excessive disk seeks  , as seen in Section 5.1  , replacement selection repll is almost always slower than Quicksort quick and replacement selection with block writes repl6. Compared with On in absolute judgment  , this is still not affordable for assessors. Nir Ailon 1 proposed a formal pairwise method based on QuickSort which can reduce the number of preference judgments from On 2  to On log n. Continuous transitions are preferable to illustrate small steps and when the nature of the state change must be explained to the viewer. Traditional expectation-based parsers rely heavily on slot restrictions-rules about what semantic classes of words or concepts can fill particular slots in the case frames. Expectations associated with that word would search for modifiers like "probabilistic" and for the entity being analyzed "Quicksort"  , as well as looking for other components that are not present in this particular piece of text  , While being guided by the expectation-based model laid out above  , we plan to depart from it in several ways. Compared with QuickSort strategy adopted by Nir Ailon 1 for preference judgment  , our top-k labeling strategy significantly reduces the complexity from On log n to On log k  , where usually k n. The judgment complexity of our strategy is nearly comparable with that of the absolute judgment i.e. Therefore  , the total judgment complexity of top-k labeling strategy is about On log k. For instance  , if ADRENAL were seeking documents in response to the example query on Quicksort see Section 2.1 a sentence containing the words "statistical" and "divide" would be an excellent choice for parsing  , to distinguish good matches like "..the statistical properties of techniques that divide a problem into smaller.." from bad matches  , such as "..we divide up AI learning methods into three classes: statistical ,..". The sections of a document to be parsed are chosen based on their potential for producing REST frames that could be usefully matched with the representation of the query. Viterbi recognizer search. This means that hypotheses about specific entities must be considered in the e.g. References will usually denote entities contained in the discourse model  , which is updated after every utterance with entities introduced in that utterance. When optimizing the model the most likely path through the second level model is sought by the Viterbi approxima- tion 24 . The modeled eye movement features are described in Section 4.1. Even though we have described the tasks of content selection and surface realization separately  , in practice OCELOT selects and arranges words simultaneously when constructing a summary . We apply generic Viterbi search techniques to efficiently find a near-optimal summary 7. This approach is similar to the one described in  Second  , we tested a more sophisticated named entity recognizer NER based upon a regularized maximum entropy classifier with Viterbi decoding. The sequence of states is seen as a preliminary segmentation. A 3-state Viterbi decoder is first used to find the most likely sequence of states given a stream. The decoder can handle position-dependent  , cross-word triphones and lexicons with contextual pronunciations. It is a time-synchronous Viterbi decoder with dynamic expansion of LM state conditioned lexical trees 3  , 18  , 20  with acoustic and language model lookaheads. served as ranking criterion. σ  , the number of documents to which a cluster's score is distributed Equation 3: {5 ,10 ,20 ,30 ,40} ρ  , the number of rounds: 1–2  , Cluster-Audition; 1–5  , Viterbi Doc-Audition and Doc-Audition. To bootstrap this rst training stage  , an initial state-level segmentation was obtained by a Viterbi alignment using our last evaluation system. In the rst stage  , a context independent system was build. This is a typical decoding task  , and the Viterbi decoding technique can be used. Once the score s is found  , it possible to align each frame of the performance with the corresponding event in the score. where y* is the class label with the highest posterior probability under the model IJ  , or the most likely label sequence the Viterbi parse. Il;PyT IXi; IJ  , where yT is the most likely label of the token Xi a linelblock in the title page of a book in the instance x a book. We have improved the Viterbi-based splitting model feeding it with a dataset larger than the one used in 1. Hash tag splitting As we did in 1  , in addition to the words of the tweet  , we have used a hashtag splitter to split the compound words representing the hashtags in common English words. The Viterbi Doc-Audition scoring method is a straightforward procedure that ranks those documents with repertoires containing a highly-weighted pseudoquery above those that are top renderers only of lowerweighted ones. We begin by restricting our consideration of possible renderers to documents. 2 A Viterbi distribution emitting the probability of the sequence of words in a sentence. Each state has the following exponential family emission distributions: 1 A multinomial distribution emitting the relevance of the line  , r. This distribution is fixed; for each state one of the probabilities is one and the other is zero. We can also adjust the model parameters such as transition  , emission and initial probabilities to maximize the probability of an observable sequence. The Viterbi path contains seven states as the seventh state was generated by the sixth state and a transition to the seventh state. Modelling the speech signal could be approached through developing acoustic and language models. There are many approaches for doing this search  , the most common approach that is currently used is Viterbi beam search that searches for the best decoding hypothesis with the possibility to prune away the hypotheses with small scores. τ1  , the number of best renderers retrieved at the first iteration: {5} ∪ {10  , 20  , ..  , 100} ∪ {200  , 300  , 400  , 500}. Augmenting each word with its possible document positions  , we therefore have the input for the Viterbi program  , as shown below: For this 48-word sentence  , there are a total of 5.08 × 10 27 possible position sequences. Stemming can be performed before indexing  , although it is not used in this example. We have used the Google N-grams collection 6   , taking the frequency of words from the English One Million collection of Google books from years 1999 to 2009. That is  , the system produces a gist of a document d by searching over all candidates g to find that gist which maximizes the product of a content selection term and a surface realization term. In this step  , if any document sentence contributes only stop words for the summary  , the matching is cancelled since the stop words are more likely to be inserted by humans rather than coming from the original document. The Viterbi program assigns each word in the input sequence a position in the document  , as long as the word appears in the document at least once. Scores are assigned to each expansion by combining the backward score g  , computed by the translation model from the end to the current position of i  , and the forward score h computed by the Viterbi search from the initial to the current position of i. Otherwise  , all possible one-word expansions of it are computed. 4 to be 0.0019 and the optimum path of states for this observation sequence is {FD  , WQ  , WQ  , CS  , FD  , FD  , FD} with probability 1.59exp-5. The actual decoding of the speech utterance is based on searching the acoustic and language models to find out the best fitting hypothesis. To appl9 machine learning to this problem  , we need a large collection of gistcd web pages for training. As mentioned earlier  , the most successful technique has been to apply Viterbi-type search procedure  , and this is the strategy that OCELOT adopts. There are a number of possible criteria for the optimality of decoding  , the most widely used being Viterbi decoding. Decoding is the attempt to uncover the hidden part of the model  , and it can be used to align couples of sequences. The connection to VT should be clear: if one introduces the hidden variable I denoting the index of the model that generated the sequence Y as a non-emitting state then the procedure can be thought of as the partial Viterbi alignment of Y to the states where only the alignment w.r.t. In order to mitigate this effect  , we adopted an intermediate option in which each sequence is assigned to the model that is the most likely to generate it. Therefore  , every word is determined a most likely document tion. The intermediate output of the Viterbi program is shown as follows: arthur : 1 ,01 b : 1 ,11 sackler : 1 ,21 2 ,340.6 .. 12 ,20.5 .. : the : 0 ,210.0019 0 ,260.0027 .. 23 ,440.0014 internet : 0 ,270.0027 1 ,390.0016 .. 18 ,160.0014 unique : 0 ,280.0027 Choosing the sequence with the highest score  , we find the most likely position sequence. We set the context window size m to 10 unless otherwise stated. In our experiments  , we use the gensim implementation of skipgram models 2 . The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. After that  , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. Further more  , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. After training stops  , we normalize word embeddings by their L2 norm  , which forces all words to be represented by unit vectors. To represent a specific node in S  , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase  , and average the corresponding vectors 9. For some WordNet nodes  , they consist of multiple phrases  , e.g. , 'book jacket' and 'dust cover'. Specifically  , in this work we employ the SkipGram algo- rithm 25 which learns word embedding in an unsupervised way by optimizing the vector similarity of each word to context words in a small window around its occurrences in a large corpus. We therefore experimented with word clusters that are induced from embedded word vectors. We learned 3 the mapping of 300  , 000 words to a 100-dimension embedded space over a corpus consisting of 7.5 million Web queries  , sampled randomly from a query log. The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. It also shows that the multi-probe method is better than the entropy-based LSH method by a significant factor. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. The results show that the multi-probe LSH method is significantly more space efficient than the basic LSH method. This section provides a brief overview of LSH functions  , the basic LSH indexing method and a recently proposed entropy-based LSH indexing method. Performing a similarity search query on an LSH index consists of two steps: 1 using LSH functions to select " candidate " objects for a given query q  , and 2 ranking the candidate objects according to their distances to q. Table 2 shows the average results of the basic LSH  , entropybased LSH and multi-probe LSH methods using 100 random queries with the image dataset and the audio dataset. To achieve over 0.9 recall  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 while achieving similar time efficiencies. Our evaluation shows that the multi-probe LSH method substantially improves over the basic and entropy-based LSH methods in both space and time efficiency. The space efficiency implication is dramatic. In all cases  , the multi-probe LSH method has similar query time to the basic LSH method. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. For even larger datasets  , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. We have experimented with different number of hash tables L for all three LSH methods and different number of probes T i.e. , number of extra hash buckets to check  , for the multiprobe LSH method and the entropy-based LSH method. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. Our experimental results show that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropy-based LSH methods to achieve desired search accuracy and query time. This paper presents the multi-probe LSH indexing method for high-dimensional similarity search  , which uses carefully derived probing sequences to probe multiple hash buckets in a systematic way. It shows that for most recall values  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the basic LSH method by an order of magnitude. Here  , for easier comparison  , we use the same number of probes T = 100 for both multi-probe LSH and entropy-based LSH. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. Recently  , many studies have attempted to improve upon the regular LSH technique. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space  , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. The multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 and reduces that of the entropy-based approach by a factor of 5 to 8. For both the image data set and the audio data set  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables by a factor of 14 to 18. In comparison with the entropy-based LSH method  , multi-probe LSH reduces the space requirement by a factor of 5 to 8 and uses less query time  , while achieving the same search quality. To compare the two approaches in detail  , we are interested in answering two questions. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. LSH is a promising method for approximate K-NN search in high dimensional spaces. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method  , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods. The results in Table 2also show that the multi-probe LSH method is substantially more space and time efficient than the entropy-based approach. By picking the probing sequence carefully  , it also requires checking far fewer buckets than entropy-based LSH. By probing multiple buckets in each hash table  , the method requires far fewer hash tables than previously proposed LSH methods. Instead of generating perturbed queries  , our method computes a non-overlapped bucket sequence  , according to the probability of containing similar objects. The multi-probe LSH method proposed in this paper is inspired by but quite different from the entropybased LSH method. ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. Lin et al. higher Max F 1 score than ANDD-LSH-Jacc  , and both outperform Charikar's random projection method. Both outperform SpotSigs substantially. We emphasize that our focus in this paper is on improving the space and time efficiency of LSH  , already established as an attractive technique for high-dimensional similarity search. We see that our method strictly out-performs LSH: we achieve significantly higher recall at similar scan rate. Table 4summarizes recall and scan rate for both method. We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: We use plain LSH 13  rather than the more recent Multi- Probing LSH 17 in this evaluation as the latter is mainly to reduce space cost  , but could slightly raise scan rate to achieve the same recall. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the entropy-based approach by a factor of 7.0  , 5.5  , and 6.0 respectively for the three recall values  , while reducing the query time by half. Although both multi-probe and entropy-based methods visit multiple buckets for each hash table  , they are very different in terms of how they probe multiple buckets. However  , this method does not use task-specific objective function for learning the metric; more importantly  , it does not learn the bit vector representation directly. 12 propose a method figure 1c that applies LSH on a learned metric referred as M+LSH in Table 1. Experimental studies show that this basic LSH method needs over a hundred 13 and sometimes several hundred hash tables 6 to achieve good search accuracy for high-dimensional datasets. To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. In practice  , it is difficult to generate perturbed queries in a data-independent way and most hashed buckets by the perturbed queries are redundant. Finally  , we give the recognition result based on the searching results. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. It is a big step for calligraphic character recognition. We have implemented the entropy-based LSH indexing method. If Rp is too large  , it would require many perturbed queries to achieve good search quality. The default probing method for multi-probe LSH is querydirected probing. It runs the Linux operating system with a 2.6.9 kernel. Intuitively  , increases as the increase of   , while decreases as the increase of . Therefore  , we set í µí»¿ and in our LSH-based method. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 13  is a promising method for approximate K- NN search. However  , they all have the scalability problem mentioned above. Besides the random projections of generating binary code methods  , several machine learning methods are developed recently. Furthermore the LSH based method E2LSH is proposed in 20. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. For high-dimensional similarity search  , the best-known indexing method is locality sensitive hashing LSH 17. We found that although the entropybased method can reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method  , significant improvements are possible. To explore the practicality of this approach  , we have implemented it and conducted an experimental study. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. The basic LSH indexing method 17 only checks the buckets to which the query object is hashed and usually requires a large number of hash tables hundreds to achieve good search quality. Theoretical lower bounds for LSH have also been studied 21  , 1. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects  , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. This paper focuses on comparing the basic  , entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods in the case that the index data structure fits in main memory. The second is an audio dataset that contains 2.6 million words  , each represented by a 192-dimensional feature vector. However  , due to the limitation of random projection  , LSH usually needs a quite long hash code and hundreds of hash tables to guarantee good retrieval performance. One of the well-known uni-modal hashing method is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 2  , which uses random projections to obtain the hash functions. We compare our new method to previously proposed LSH methods – a detailed comparison with other indexing techniques is outside the scope of this work. Ideally  , we would like to examine the buckets with the highest success probabilities. To address the issues associated with the basic and entropybased LSH methods  , we propose a new method called multiprobe LSH  , which uses a more systematic approach to explore hash buckets. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 24  , which contains images crawled from the web. Also note that the space cost of LSH is much higher than ours as tens of hash tables are needed  , and the computational cost to construct those hash tables are not considered in the com- parison. However  , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic  , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory  , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . Also  , each method reads all the feature vectors into main memory at startup time. Spectral hashing SH 36  uses spectral graph partitioning strategy for hash function learning where the graph is constructed based on the similarity between data points. The resulting hashing method achieves better performance than LSH for audio retrieval. First  , when using the same number of hash tables  , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need  , compared with the entropy-based approach ? Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. Here  , we focus on locality sensitive hashing techniques that are most relevant to our work. Acknowledgments. Another future work is to study a hybrid scheme that integrates approximate methods such as LSH with our exact method for larger datasets when a trade-off between speed and accuracy is acceptable. We plan to study these issues in the near future. In this paper we will use the GIST descriptor to represent a calligraphic character image. Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability. Note that the randomized nature of the Minhash generation method requires further checks to increase the probability of uncovering all pairs of related articles in terms of the signature. Note that one can always apply binary LSH on top of a metric learning method like NCA or LMNN to construct bit vectors. For NCA  , we use the implementation in the Matlab Toolbox for Dimensionality Reduction 13 . We have used two datasets in our evaluation. Figure 10shows that the search quality is not so sensitive to different K values. Another sensitivity question is whether the search quality of the multi-probe LSH method is sensitive to different K values. As we will show  , our method has better performance characteristics for retrieval and sketching under some common conditions. One of the best known LSH methods for handling 1 distances is based on stable distributions 2. We have developed and analyzed two schemes to compute the probing sequence: step-wise probing and query-directed probing. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple  , step-wise sequence. These machine learning methods usually learn much more compact codes than LSH since they are more complicated. Furthermore  , a semi-supervised learning method proposed in 6 is to perform binary code learning. Most of the existing hashing approaches are uni-modal hashing. Since each hash table entry consumes about 16 bytes in our implementation   , 2 gigabytes of main memory can hold the index data structure of the basic LSH method for about 4-million images to achieve a 0.93 recall. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. In a recent theoretical study 22  , Panigrahy proposed an entropy-based LSH method that generates randomly " perturbed " objects near the query object  , queries them in addi-tion to the query object  , and returns the union of all results as the candidate set. This is because that using the LSH-based method for similarity searching greatly reduced the time of  was about 0.004 second in our experiment  , which is very time-consuming in Yu's because it calculate the skeleton similarity between the input calligraphic character and all the candidates in the huge CCD. We see from Table 1that our method was particularly fast. This method does not make use of data to learn the representation. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 1 is a simple method figure  1a in which bit vector representation for a data point object is obtained from projecting the data vector on several random directions   , and converting the projected values to {0  , 1} by thresholding. Although LSH can be applied on the projected data using a metric learned via NCA or LMNN  , any such independent two stage method will be sub-optimal in getting a good bit vector representation. To perform a similarity search  , the indexing method hashes a query object into a bucket  , uses the data objects in the bucket as the candidate set of the results  , and then ranks the candidate objects using the distance measure of the similarity search. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 7 constitutes an established method for hashing items of a high-dimensional space in such a way that similar items i.e. , near duplicates are assigned to the same hash value with a high probability p 1 . Thus  , we replace it with a near-duplicates detection method. Figure 8 shows some recognition results of five different calligraphic styles using our LSH-based method. As Yu's method is based on skeleton  , which usually can't be appropriately extracted especially when the character is scratchy or complex  , the recognition rate will be pretty low in clerical script and cursive script. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. , SH and AGH  , we randomly sample 3000 data points as the training set; for the point-wise supervised method SSH  , we additionally sample 1000 data points with their concept labels; for the list-wise supervised methods i.e. , RSH and LWH  , we randomly sample 300 query samples from the 1000 labeled samples to compute the true ranking list. We compare the proposed LWH with six stat-of-the-art hashing methods including four unsupervised methods LSH 1  , SH 11  , AGH 5  , KLSH 4  , one supervisedsemi method SSH 9  , and one list-wise supervised method RSH 10. As we know  , most calligraphic characters in CCD were written in ancient times  , most common people can't recognize them without the help of experts  , so we invited experts to help us build CCD. In this paper  , we propose a novel method  , called LSH-based large scale Chinese calligraphic character recognition on CCD. In our system  , we use a standard Jaccard-based hashing method to find similar news articles. To tackle this issue  , we propose to employ LSH to eliminate unnecessary similarity computations between unrelated articles  , and get a rough separation on the original news corpus. The probability that the two hash values match is the same as the Jaccard similarity of the two k-gram vectors . As pointed out by Charikar 5   , the min-wise independent permutations method used in Shingling is in fact a particular case of a locality sensitive hashing LSH scheme introduced by Indyk and Motwani 12. Since the similarity functions that our learning method optimizes for are cosine and Jaccard  , we apply the corresponding LSH schemes when generating signatures. The similarity score of two documents is derived by counting the number of identical hash values  , divided by m. As m increases  , this scheme will approximate asymptotically the true similarity score given by the specific function fsim. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object  , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. Hence we restrict our attention to perturbation vectors ∆ with δi ∈ {−1  , 0  , 1}. For the entropybased LSH method  , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. In the results  , unless otherwise specified  , the default values are W = 0.7  , M = 16 for the image dataset and W = 24.0  , M = 11 for the audio dataset. A sensitivity question is whether this approach generates a larger candidate set than the other approaches or not. By probing multiple hash buckets per table  , the multiprobe LSH method can greatly reduce the number of hash tables while finding desired similar objects. Baselines: We compare our method to two state-of-theart FSD models as follows. We use the same LSH- FSD system parameters as 10  , 11  , namely K=13 hashcode bits and L=70 hashtables  , the hashing trick is used with a pool of size 2 18 and we select 2000 tweets and a back-off threshold of bt=0.6 for the variance reduction step. For methods SH and STH  , although these methods try to preserve the similarity between documents in their learned hashing codes  , they do not utilize the supervised information contained in tags. This is because LSH method is data-oblivious and may lead to inefficient codes in practice as also observed in 22 and 34. Figure 1shows how the multi-probe LSH method works. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. In future we plan to make more comparison of our image representation and other descriptors  , such as SIFT and HOG. Our experiments show that the LSH-based method is effective and efficient for recognizing Chinese calligraphic character and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. In addition  , dissimilar items are associated with the same hash values with a very low probability p 2 . In addition  , the construction of the index data structure should be quick and it should deal with various sequences of insertions and deletions conveniently. The key idea is to hash the points using several hash functions so as to ensure that  , for each function  , the probability of collision is much higher for objects which are close to each other than for those which are far apart. Instead of using space partitioning  , it relies on a new method called localitysensitive hashing LSH. Then we run another three sets of experiments for MV-DNN. For our proposed approach  , for both Apps and News data sets  , we first run three sets of experiments to train single-view DNN models  , each of which corresponds to a dimension reduction method in Section 6 SV-TopK ,SV-Kmeans and SV-LSH. As a result  , the precision is significantly improved without sacrificing too much recall. Also  , our method performs well in recognition rate and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces  , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. For low similarity thresholds or very skewed distributions of document lengths  , however  , LSH remains the method-of-choice as it provides the most versatile and tunable toolkit for high-dimensional similarity search. For new user recommendation in our scenario  , we take the transpose of the collaborative matrix A as input and supply user features instead of items features. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. BSBM supposes a realistic web application where the users can browse products and reviews. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM is built like that 5. BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates. We randomly generated 100 different query mix of the " explore " use-case of BSBM. We used Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 5 as in 16 with two datasets: 1M and 10M. Each dataset has its own community of 50 clients running BSBM queries. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. On the BSBM dataset  , the performance of all systems is comparable for small dataset sizes  , but RW-TR scales better to large dataset sizes  , for the largest BSBM dataset it is on average up to 10 times faster than Sesame and up to 25 times faster than Virtuoso. The two diagrams in Figure 5show how the performance changes  , when the LUBM and BSBM queries are executed on increasingly large datasets. This behavior promotes the local cache. The flow of BSBM queries simulates a real user interacting with a web application. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. Datasets. We extend the BSBM by trust assessments. The generated data is created as a set of named graphs 11. The BSBM executes a mix of 12 SPARQL queries over generated sets of RDF data; the datasets are scalable to different sizes based on a scaling factor. For our tests we use an extended version of the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 10. The queries are in line with the BSBM mix of SPARQL queries and with the BSBM e-commerce use case that considers products as well as offers and reviews for these products. Furthermore   , we developed a mix of six tSPARQL queries. Due to space limitations   , we do not present our queries in detail; we refer the reader to the tSPARQL specification instead. The sp2b uses bibliographic data from dblp 12 as its test data set  , while the bsbm benchmark considers eCommerce as its subject area. The sp2b sparql performance benchmark 17  and the Berlin sparql Benchmark bsbm 3 both aim to test the sparql query engines of rdf triple stores. This is normal because the cache has a limited size and the temporal locality of the cache reduce its utility. As we can see  , the calls to the local cache depends considerably on the size of the data  , the percentage of hit-rate is 47 % in the case of BSBM with 1M  , and it decreased to 11 % for BSBM with 10M. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. However  , for BSBM dataset  , DFSS outperforms ITRMS for both scalability experiments see Figure 4c and Figure 5a. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. Out of the 12 BSBM queries  , we focus on all of the 10 SELECT queries that is  , we leave out DESCRIBE query Q09 and CONSTRUCT query Q12. 5 BSBM is currently focused on SPARQL queries  , therefore we plan to develop a set of representative SPARQL/Update operations to cover all features of our approach. Furthermore  , we will evaluate the performance and expressiveness of our approach with the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM. We found that for the BSBM dataset/queries the average execution time stays approximately the same  , while the geometric mean slightly increases. garbage collections. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark 17 BSBM also generates fulltext content and person names. In the area of RDF stores  , a number of benchmarks are available. Figure 6 shows the results of these evaluations. For this  , we measured the performance on large BSBM and LUBM data sets while varying the number of nodes used. For more details of the evaluation framework please refer to 15 ,16. We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 2 to set up the experiment environment. Therefore  , 5 entries in the profile is sometimes not enough to compute a good similarity. The query mix of BSBM use often 16 predicates. The experimental results in Table 5show that exploiting the emergent relational schema even in this very preliminary implementation already improves the performance of Virtuoso on a number of BSBM Explore queries by up to a factor of 5.8 Q3  , Hot run. We compare a classic Virtuoso RDF quad table Virt-Quad and this CS-based implementation Virt-CS on the BSBM benchmark at 10 billion triples scale. The geometric mean does not change dramatically  , because most queries do not touch more data on a larger dataset. Finally  , we present our conclusions and future work in Section 5. In Section 4 we describe our evaluation using the BSBM synthetic benchmark  , and three positive experiences of applying our approach in real case projects. We also take into account that resources of BSBM data fall into different classes. For a given resource  , we use this generator to decide the number of owl:sameAs statements that link this resource with other randomly chosen resources. We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator  , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. In the following sections we will provide details of LHD-d  , and evaluate it afterwards in the above environment. Our extension  , available from the project website  , reads the named graphs-based datasets  , generates a consumer-specific trust value for each named graph  , and creates an assessments graph. Figure 6shows the distribution of queries over clients. As in the previous experimentation  , we run a new experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M hosted on the same LDF server with 2 different URLs. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. BSBM SQL 5 is a join of four tables product  , product   , productfeatureproduct  , and productfeatureproduct . For the LUBM dataset/queries the geometric mean stays approximately the same  , whilst the average execution time decreases. In this section we further study the distribution of co-reference in Linked Data to set up an environment in which LHD-d is evaluated. We generate co-reference for each class separately to make sure that resources are only equivalent to those of the same class. In Section 3 we formalise our extension to consider R2RML mappings. Figure 4bshows that the number of calls answered by caches are proportional with the size of the cache. We used the following parameters: BSBM 10M  , 10 LDF clients  , and RP S view = 4 and CON view = 9. Query Load. Two set of queries are used to perform two tasks: building a type summary and calculating some bibliometrics-based summary. We experimented with BSBM 4 and SP2B 29 datasets  , varying the sizes of data.  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. However  , in some queries the translation results show significant differences  , such as in Q04 and Q05. As we can see  , ≈40 % of calls are handled by the local cache  , regardless the number of clients. The SP 2 Bench and BSBM were not considered for our RDF fulltext benchmark simply due to the fact of their very recent publication. Both benchmarks pick terms from dictionaries with uniform distribution. The BSBM benchmark 1 is built around an e-commerce use case  , and its data generator supports the creation of arbitrarily large datasets using the number of products as scale factor. courses  , students  , professors are generated. Although not included here  , we also evaluated those queries using D2R 0.8.1 with the –fast option enabled. The measured total time for a run includes everything from query optimization until the result set is fully traversed  , but the decoding of the results is not forced. For BSBM we executed the same ten generated queries from each category  , computed the category average and reported the average and geometric mean over all categories. During query execution the engine determines trust values with the simple  , provenance-based trust function introduced before. To measure how determining trust values may impact query execution times we use our tSPARQL query engine with a disabled trust value cache to execute the extended BSBM. Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. Additionally  , a subset of the realworld data collection Biocyc 1 that consists of 1763 databases describing the genome and metabolic pathways of a single organism was used. Most surprisingly  , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90% regular. We see that synthetic RDF benchmark data BSBM  , SP2B  , LUBM is fully relational  , and also all dataset with non- RDF roots PubMed  , MusicBrainz  , EuroStat get > 99% coverage. For this setting  , the chart in Figure 9b depicts the average times to execute the BSBM query mix; furthermore  , the chart puts the measures in relation to the times obtained for our engine with a trust value cache in the previous experiment. The situation changes for a local cache with 10 ,000 entries  , in this case  , the hit-rate of local cache is 59 % and 28 % for behavioral cache  , only 13 % of calls are forwarded to the server. The BSBM SPARQL queries are designed in such a way that they contain different types of queries and operators  , including SELECT/CONTRUCT/DESCRIBE  , OPTIONAL  , UNION. We have run all queries with 20 times with different parameters  , in warm mode run. The resulting sets of queries together with query plans generated by PostgreSQL9.1.9  , and the resulting query evaluation time are available at http://bit.ly/15XSdDM. To understand this behaviour better  , we analyzed the query plans generated by the RDBMS. We can observe that all translation types native  , C  , SQE  , SJE  , SQE+SJE have similar performance in most of BSBM queries  , ranging from 0.67 to 2.60 when normalized  ing to the native SQL queries. We executed ten runs of each LUBM query and in the diagrams report both the average and geometric mean over the fastest runs. The Social Intelligence BenchMark SIB 11  is an RDF benchmark that introduces the S3G2 Scalable Structure-correlated Social Graph Generator for generating social graphs that contain certain structural correlations. In the same spirit  , the corresponding SQL queries also consider various properties such as low selectivity  , high selectivity  , inner join  , left outer join  , and union among many others. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. To measure the impact of this extension on query execution times we compare the results of executing our extended version of the BSBM with ARQ and with our tSPARQL query engine. As presented in Section 4.2 tSPARQL redefines the algebra of SPARQL in order to consider trust values during query execution. As the chart illustrates  , determing trust values during query execution dominates the query execution time. The data generator is able to generate datasets with different sizes containing entities normally involved in the domain e.g. , products  , vendors  , offers  , reviews  , etc. The BSBM benchmark 5  focuses on the e-commerce domain and provides a data generation tool and a set of twelve SPARQL queries together with their corresponding SQL queries generated by hand. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. Both benchmarks allow for the creation of arbitrary sized data sets  , although the number of attributes for any given class is lower than the numbers found in the ssa. While the BSBM benchmark is considered as a standard way of evaluating RDB2RDF approaches  , given the fact that it is very comprehensive  , we were also interested in analysing real-world queries from projects that we had access to  , and where there were issues with respect to the performance of the SPARQL to SQL query rewriting approach. All the resulting queries together with their query plans are also available at http://bit.ly/15XSdDM. Nevertheless  , this approach is clearly not scalable e.g. , in Q07 and Q08 the system returned an error while performing the operations  , while the native and the translation queries could be evaluated over the database system. In all the cases  , we compare the queries generated by D2R Server with –fast enabled with the queries generated by Morph with subquery and self-join elimination enabled. Ranking the words according to their scores. Figure 3: Precision by BASIC and BCDRW for 48 books 6. In whatever experiments  , the BCDRW method significantly outperforms the BASIC method. The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. The improvements of precision and popular tag coverage are statistically significant  , both up to more than 10%. BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W  , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking  , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. The whole transition matrix is then written as follows: Interpretations to a book vary much in different reviews  , just as Shakespeare said  , " There are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes " . As the GRASSHOPPER did  , we divide BCDRW into three steps and introduce the detail as follows: Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. These three input parameters have already been introduced before. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2. Despite the success  , most existing KLSH techniques only adopt a single kernel function. Second  , we address the limitation of KLSH. This result is further verified when we examine the result of KLSH-Weight  , which outperform both KLSH-Best and KLSH- Uniform. But when thinking further  , it is not difficult to explain the result as KLSH-best only explores a single kernel  , while KLSH-Uniform jointly exploits multiple kernels . In this paper  , we first analyze the theoretical property of KLSH to better understand the behavior and capacity of KLSH in similarity search. These observations show that it is very important to explore the power of multiple kernels for KLSH in some real-world applications. and adopts this combined kernel for KLSH. their mAP values: We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH  , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH.  KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels  , evaluate their mAP values on the training set  , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value.  KLSH-Weight: We evaluate the mAP performance of all kernels on the training set  , calculate the weight of each kernel w.r.t. We adopt this best kernel for KLSH. KLSH provides a powerful framework to explore arbitrary kernel/similarity functions where their underlying embedding only needs to be known implicitly. In particular  , kernel-based LSH KLSH 23  was recently proposed to overcome the limitation of the regular LSH technique that often assumes the data come from a multidimensional vector space and the underlying embedding of the data must be explicitly known and computable. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function  , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. One key question is how to determine the weights for kernel combination. Such an approach might not fully explore the power of multiple kernels. This paper investigated a framework of Multi-Kernel Locality- Sensitive Hashing by exploring multiple kernels for efficient and scalable content-based image retrieval. Kernelized LSH KLSH 23 addresses this limitation by employing kernel functions to capture similarity between data points without having to know their explicit vector representation. One limitation of regular LSH is that they require explicit vector representation of data points. First of all  , their naive approach to combining multiple kernels simply treats each kernel equally  , which fails to fully explore the power of combining multiple diverse kernels in KLSH. Our work however differs from their method in several aspects. Our study is more related to the second category of kernel-based methods. LSH has been extended to Kernelized Locality-Sensitive Hashing KLSH 16 by exploiting kernel similarity for better retrieval efficacy. It has already been shown that the Hamming distance between different documents will asymptotically approach their Euclidean distance in the original feature space with the increase of the hashing bits. Besides  , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 37 is the bit allocation optimization step to find the parameter b1  , . Unlike the regular KLSH that adopts a single kernel  , BMKLSH employs a set of m kernels for the hashing scheme. This significantly limits its application to many real-world image retrieval tasks 40  , 18  , where images are often analyzed by a variety of feature descriptors and are measured by a wide class of diverse similarity functions. Second  , their technique is essentially unsupervised   , which does not fully explore the data characteristics and thus cannot achieve the optimal indexing performance. SOM 14Self Organizing Map or SOFM Self Organizing Feature Map shares the same philosophy to produce low dimension from high dimension. This mechanism guarantees a new pattern will be correctly assigned into corresponding clusters. b Self-Organizing Map computed for trajectory-oriented data 20. 19. The training of each single self-orgzmizing map follows the basic seiforganizing map learning rule. For each output unit in one layer of the hierarchy a two-dimensional self-organizing map is added to the next layer. An interesting property of hierarchical feature maps is the tremendous speed-up as compared to the self-organizing map. Analogously  , the same training procedure is utilized to train the third and any subsequent layers of sdf-organizing maps. Searching in time series data can effectively be supported by visual interactive query specification and result visualization. Another example of visualization techniques of this category is self-organizing map SOM. Links are labeled with sets of keywords shared by related documents. Abnormal aging and fault will result in deviations with respect to normal conditions. This evolution will be characterized by a trajectory on a two-dimensional Self-Organizing Map. Moreover  , the self-organidng map was used in 29 for text claeaiflcation. A comparison to these results is neceamry   , even more sinc8~hi- erarchical fmture maps are built up from a number of insb pendent self-organizing maps. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. In Figure 6we provide a typical result from training a self-organizing map with the NIHCL data. By determining the size of the map the user can decide which level of abstraction she desires. These feature vectors are used as input to train a standard self-organizing map. Locating a piece of music on the map then leaves you with similar music next to it  , allowing intuitive exploration of a music archive. We employ the Self-Organizing Map SOM  9 to create a map of a musical archive  , where pieces of music sounding similar are organized next to each other on the two-dimensional map display. Usually  , the Euclidean distance between the weight vector and the input pattern is used to calculate a unit's activation. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. Finally  , as a result of these first two steps  , the " cleaned " database can be used as input to a Self-Organizing Map with a " proper " distance for trajectories visualization. The Change Detection CD module is presented in Section 4.2. Vectors with three components are completed with zero values. We applied a Self-Organizing Feature Map SOFM assuming that the maximum number of components of a visitor behavior vector is H = 6. As a result of this transformation we now have equi-distant data samples in each frequency band. These feature vectors are further used for training a Self-Organizing Map. Each training iteration t starts with the random selection of one input pattern xt. The hierarchy among the maps is established as follows. Similar to the works described in this paper  , a Self-Organizing Map is used to cluster the resulting feature vectors. 2 describe a system for timbre classification to identify 12 instruments in both clean and degraded conditions. Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. The difference is the risk to loose the exact plot locations over the original projection. Moreover  , a self-organizing map could have been used to analyse the 2D projection instead of the tabular model. After all documents are indexed  , the data are aggregated and sent to the Self-Organizing Map for categorization. The user can view the document frequency of each phrase and link to the documents containing that phrase. Input vectors composed of range-to-obstacle indicators' readouts and direction-to-goal indicator readouts are partitioned into one of predefined perceptual situation classes. In ll  the classification task is performed by a self-organizing Kohonen's map. The Self-Organizing Map generated a The Arizona Noun Phraser allowed subjects to narrow and refine their searches as well as provided a list of key phrases that represented the collection. The effect of such a dimension reduction in keyword-baaed document mpmmmtation and aubeequent self-organizing map training with the compreaaed input patterns is described in 32 . The smaller bidden &er is fiwthcr used to represent the input patterns. Another very promising work is 15 which uses a self-organizing feature map SOFM 12 in order to generate a map of documents where documents dealing with similar topics are located near each other. This relationship is then visualized in a 2D or 3D-space. A self-organizing feature map consists of a two-dimensional array of units; each unit is connected to n input nodes  , and contains a ndimensional vector Wii wherein i ,j identifies the unit at location Ci ,jJ of the array. That is  , similar prototypes are near each other on the map. The SOM solution for getting the tabular view would be to construct a self organizing map over the bidimensional projection. As these new methods are certainly projecting data in a complementary way  , and that the tabular view is easily understood  , we aim in this paper to add a tabular view for any 2D data cloud by an alternative approach to the selforganizing map. Furthermore  , if a general optimality criterion is given at runtime  , a global optimum can be sought along the lower-dimensional self-motion manifold rather than in the complete n-dimensional configuration space. In the region shown  , €7: = f -'  W l    , the zero reference point s = 0 of each self-organizing map approximating a self-motion manifold is at the location of minimum manipulability  , while maximum manipulability is obtained for a value of s = MaxM of about f0.7 in units defined in 12. Experimental results organizing an archive of MP3 music are presented in Section 4  , followed by some conclusions as well as an outlook on future work in Section 5. This is followed by a presentation of our approach to automatic organization of music archives by sound similarity in Section 3  , covering feature extraction  , the principles of the Self-Organizing Map  , and the two-layered architecture used to organize music. Probably one of the more important advantages is that generative topographic mapping should be open for rigorous mathematical treatment  , an area where the self- . , orgamzlng map h-a remarkable tradition in effective reg~ tance 7  , 8. Basically  , the generative topographic mapping is a latent variable density model with an apparently sound statistical foundation which is claimed to have several advantageous properties when compared to self-organizing maps  , but no signifkant disadvantages. To help analyze the behavior of our method we used a Self-Organizing Map via the SOM-PAK package 9  , to 'flatten' and visualize the high-dimensional density function 2 . Each point in our sample space is a language model  , which typically has several thousand dimensions. In the CI Spider study  , subjects believed it was easier to find useful information using CI Spider with a score of 3.97/5.00 than using Lycos domain search 3.33 or manual within-site browsing and searching 3.23. The Self-Organizing Map generated a In section 6 experimental results are reported and in section 7 a conclusion is given. In order to achieve a higher resolution in the Cspace and to efficiently use the occupied main memory  , we developed a reorganization mechanism of the C-space  , based on Kohonen's self-organizing feature map  , which is stated in section 5. The problem of mapping perceptual situations into commands can be actually decomposed into two sta- I ges: a classification of a measured perceptual situation and an association a locomotion action with a perceptual class. The SOM is designed to create a two-dimensional representation of cells topologically arranged according to the inherent metric ordering relations between the samples in the feature space. An interesting experiment was done with the Kohonen's self-organizing map SOM 12. In order to use the self-organizing map to cluster text documents  , the various texts have to be represented as the histogram of its words. It is a generai unsupervised tool for ordering highdimensionai statistical data in such a way that alike input items are mapped close to each other. In this paper  , however  , the authora use just a fairly small and thus ~ alistic document representation  , made up from 25 &at&t terms taken horn the titles of scientific papers. Using this similarity in a self organizing map  , we found clusters from visitor sessions  , which allow us to study the user behavior in the web. The result is the definition of a new similarity measure based on three characteristics derived from the visitor sessions: the sequence of visited pages  , their content and the time spent in each one of them. The Arizona Noun Phraser developed at the University of Arizona is the indexing tool used to index the key phrases that appear in each document collected from the Internet by the Internet Spiders. The density maps for three TREC topics are shown in Figure 2above. F@re 6 shows in fact a highly similar classification rum .dt  , in that the various documents are arranged within the two-dimensional output space of the self-organizing map m concordance with their mutual fictional similarity. the class name  , is shown at the respective position in the figure. To summarize the results  , the experiments indicated that basically the came cluster results can be achieved by spending only a fhction of time for the training proceua. Among the most prominent projects in this arena is the WEBSOM system 12 representing over 1 million Usenet newsgroup articles in a single huge SOM. The self-organizing map and related models have been used in a number of occasions for the classification and representation of document collections. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 provides an overview of related work in the field of music retrieval. If information about the topological order of the training data is provided  , or can be inferred   , only a very small data set is required. In this contribution we present the " Parameterized Self- Organizing Map " PSOM approach  , which is particularly useful in situation where a high-dimensional  , continuous mapping is desired. Path finding in static or partially changing environments is described in section 4. Each neuron computes the Euclidean distance between the input vector x and the stored weight vector Wii. The mapping to the dual plane and the use of arrangements provides an intuitive framework for representing and maintaining the rankings of all possible top-k queries in a non-redundant  , self-organizing manner. We can map the tuples of a data set to lines in the dual plane and then store and query the induced arrangement. To investigate the robustness of this method  , we added the every type ofnoise to the integrated dataset of the three objects and examined rohustness of maps for categorization tasks under that various conditions. Using Kohonen maps allow the robot to organize the models of the three objects based on its embodiment without the designer's intervention because of the self-organizing characteristic of the map. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. Previous work 1 approximated the PDF using weighted Parzen windows. This work presents a tool that can help experts  , in addition to their traditional tools based on quantitative inspection of some relevant variables  , to easily visualize the evolution of the engine health. The similarity introduced  , can be very useful to increase the knowledge about the visitor behavior in the web. One drawback of these types of systems especially for portable devices is that they require large screen real estate and significant visual attention from the user. Variations to the idea of providing a visual space with objects corresponding to sound files have been proposed in 12 where a heuristic variation of multi-dimensional scaling FastMap is used to map sound objects into an Euclidean space preserving their similarities and in 13 where a growing self-organizing map is used to preserve sound similarities calculated using psychoacoustic measures in order to visualize music collections as a set of islands on a map. An exact positioning of the borderline between the various groups of similar documents  , however  , is not as intuitively to datarmine as with hierarchical feature maps that are presented above. YUV values of the object are calculated  , values of the pressure sensors at the gripper  , and width of the gripper hereinafter  , these pressure and width data are combined and called " hand data "  are integrated using Kohonen maps in this experiment. 0 Motion prediction. It uses a transform similar to the Fast Fourier Transform  , which reduces convolution to pointwise addition. Several variants coexists; among them the Fourier Transform for discrete signals and the Fast Fourier Transform which is also for discrete signals but has a complexity of On · ln n instead of On 2  for the discrete Fourier Transform. Fourier transform 10  is an invertible function which decomposes a function into a continuous spectrum of its frequency components. This can be calculated in JavaScript. Most data visualizations  , or other uses of audio data begin by calculating a discrete Fourier transform by means of a Fast Fourier Transform. The Fourier coefficients are used as features for the classification. Each segment  , the entire interval when the sensor is in contact with the object  , is transferred to the frequency domain using Fast Fourier Transform. By applying the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT to the ZMP reference   , the ZMP equations can be solved in frequency domain. proposed to solve this problem by using Fourier Transformation 14. These feature vectors are used to train a SOM of music segments. This is followed by a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT across the segments for a selected set of frequency spectra to obtain Fourier coefficients modeling the dynamics. Fast Fourier Transform FFT has been applied to get the Fourier transform for each short period of time. In STFT  , we consider frequency distribution over a short period of time. The raw audio framebuffer is a collection e.g. , array of floating point values. This section describes an important when there is an acceleration or deceleration  , the amplitude is greater than a threshold. The Fourier spectrum is normalized by the DC component  , i.e. , the average intensity of the stripe region  , so that the Fourier spectrums obtained from other images can be compared. The one-dimensional Fast Fourier Transform is then applied to this array. We modeled FFTs in two steps which are considered separately by the database. A second operator considered within the system is the Fast Fourier Transform FFT. In 10 the authors use the Fast Fourier Transform to solve the problem of pattern similarity search. A survey can be found in 3. 4shows the beating heart motion along z axis with its interpolation function and the frequency spectrum calculated from off-line fast fourier transform. The Fourier spectrum calculation is proportional to the square of the voltage input signal. The signal detection operates on a power signal; a Fast Fourier Transform FFT is being done which trans­ forms the signal in time domain into frequency domain. First one  , we transform the data into Frequency domain utilizing the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , obtain the derivative using the Fourier spectral method  , and perform inverse FFT to find the derivative in real time domain. We implement two alternative approaches to accomplish this. As these frequency spectra are not provided in evenly spaced time intervals  , we use Lagrange transformation to obtain timed snapshots. The Servo thread is an interrupt service routine ISR which The windows are grouped in two sections: operator windows green softkeys and expert windows blue softkeys. Finally fourier coefficients are calculated by Fast Fourier Transform FIT  , these coefficients are to the control pc via TCP/IP in order be for trigonometric interpolation in the robot control software motion generator. Second one  , numerically calculate the derivative using the finite difference method. Since the temporal data from 'gentle interaction' trials were made of many blobs  , while temporal data from 'strong interaction' trials were mainly made of peaks  , we decided to focus on the Fourier spectrum also called frequency spectrum  which a would express these differences: for gentle interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for lower frequencies while for strong interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for higher frequencies. A fast-Fourier transform was performed on this signal in order to analyze the frequencies involved and the results can be seen in figure 12. The vibration response is shown in figure 8. The use of the fast Fourier transform and the necessity to iterate to obtain the required solution preclude this method from being used in real time control. Fig 10 depictsthe experimental set up. Periodically  , the fast Fourier transform FFT yields a signal spectrum: But the bcst way is to determine TI and T2 directly in DSP from input data array xn. The impulse was effected by tapping on the finger with a light and stiff object. Figure 2shows the impulse expressed as a change in the wavelength of light reflected by an FBG cell and its fast Fourier transform FFT. The first method is to take the fast Fourier transform FFT of the impulse response for Table 2: Characteristic frequencies for link 2 a given impulse command. Two methods are used to identify the characteristic frequencies of the flexible modes. Fast Fourier Transform. The approximate entropy can be computed for any time series  , chaotic or otherwise  , at a low computational cost  , and even for small data samples T < 50. In these experiments  , this step is carried out manually. Since it is hard to pick up the signals during contact phase  , we cannot use the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT technique which converts the signal from time-domain to frequencydomain . These two phases of oscillation appears by turns. As na¨ıvena¨ıve implementations that evaluate the KDE at every input point individually can be inefficient on large datasets  , implementations based on Fast Fourier Transformation FFT have been proposed. 7. To ensure the FFT functioned appropriately  , the data was limited to a range which covered only an integer number of cycles. Using MATLAB  , a fast Fourier transform FFT was performed. 1for an example spectrogram. It is often easier to recognize patterns in an audio signal when samples are converted to a frequency domain spectrogram using the Fast Fourier Transform FFT 3  , see Fig. Then the inverse FFT returns the resulted CoM trajectory into time domain. A Fast Fourier Transform FFT based method WiaS employed to compute the robot's C-space. A Graphical User Interface GUI in MATLAB has been designed to implement our propo:sed method. In this method th'e C-space is respresented as the convolution of the robot and workspace bitmaps 19. We identify this noise elements by high frequency and low-power spectrum in the frequenc domain transformed by the fast Fourier transform YFFT. The former is noise and thus needs to be removed before detectin the latter. The distribution is of the form We assume that the torque sensor output is composed of various harmonic waves whose frequencies are unknown. We can thus ob-tain a closed representation for each frequency band by performing a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT  , resulting in a set of 256 coefficients for the respective sine and cosine parts. Audio signals consists of a time-series of samples  , which we denote as st. The vibration modes of the flexible beam are identified by the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , and illustrated in Fig. The control voltages of controllers for the motor and the PZT actuators are sent to the servo amplifier and the ACX amplifier  , respectively  , through a PCL-727 D/A card. For example  , our Space Physics application 14 requires the FFT Fast Fourier Transform to be applied on large vector windows and we use OS-Split and OS- Join to implement an FFT-specific stream partitioning strategy. Window split is particularly useful when scaling the logical window size for an SQF with complexity higher than On over the window size. The Discrete Cosine Transform DCT is a real valued version of Fast Fourier Transform FFT and transforms time domain signals into coefficients of frequency component. We propose a robust method called DCT fingerprinting to address the sensitivity problem of hash-breaking. By exploiting a characteristic that high frequency components are generally less important than low frequency components  , DCT is widely used for data compression like JPEG or MPEG. Prior to setting up a closed-loop control system  , we investigated the dynamic response of the sensorized fingers. In an early attempt  , Anuta l  used cross-correlation to search for corresponding features between registered images; later he introduced the idea of using fast Fourier transform. In the past  , several researchers have addressed the problem of registering two images obtained from different viewpoints. Similar attempts   , using the sum of absolute differences  , were also reported in the early stages of research on this topic. The statistic behaviors for each indicator were determined computing the mean and standard deviation. The twenty-tree indicators are : 2 indicators of instant energy  , 3 obtained by fast Fourier transform FFT  , 16 from the computation of mean power frequency MPF and  , others resulting from the energy spectrum of each component derived from the wavelet decomposition of the normalized EMG. By averaging the values of pixels having the same y-coordinate in the stripe region  , an array of 24 intensity values along the stripe region in the x direction is obtained. Step 2: Since the primary task is to maintain visibility of the target  , the acceptable observer locations are marked. In 8  , it is shown that the Fast Fourier Transform can be used to efficiently obtain a C-space representation from the static obs1 ,acles and robot geornetry. After removing this noise data from the data  , the remaining elements are transformed into the time domain by using the inverse FFT. The resulting frequency spectra are plotted for pitch and roll in Fig. To better understand the nature of the VelociRoACH oscillations as a function of the stride frequency  , we used Python 3 to compute the fast Fourier transform of each run  , first passed through a Hann window  , and then averaged across repeated trials. These features are usually generated based on mel-frequency cepstral coefficients MFCCs 7 by applying Fast Fourier transforms to the signal. The waveform is split into frames often computed every 10-25 milliseconds ms using an overlapping window of 5-10 ms 9. The sharp pixel proportion is the fraction of all pixels that are sharp. The photographs are transformed from spatial domain to frequency domain by a Fast Fourier Transform  , and the pixels whose values surpass a threshold are considered as sharp pixels we use a threshold value of 2  , following 4. To obtain features  , we calculated the power of the segment of 1 second following the term onset using the fast Fourier transform and applying log-transformation to normalize the signal. In order to maximize the cortical activity signal and minimize muscle-related activity and other artifactual noise  , we included only the 20 centrally located electrodes. However  , it can still be used in open-loop control and other closed-loop control strategies. An array representation of the spaces is constructed  , which ultimately limits the current approach to observers  , that have only a few degrees of freedom. We discarded the leading one second of each trial to remove any transient effects. Used features. The used features are Root Mean Square RMS computed on time domain; Pitch computed using Fast Fourier Transform frequency domain; Pitch computed using Haar Discrete Wavelet Transform timefrequency domain; Flux frequency domain; RollOff frequency domain; Centroid frequency domain; Zero-crossing rate ZCR time domain. This study was conducted following the kinematcis classification from an electromyographical point of view  , based on time and frequency domains. Sharp pixel proportion 4 1 Photographs that are out of focus are usually regarded as poor photographs  , and blurriness can be considered as one of the most important features for determining the quality of the photographs. Two aspects of the new system can be underlined: the features are extracted without needing a specific key-pass phase  , and these extracted features belong to three different domains: time  , frequency  , and time-frequency more details about them in 1. They use the Discrete Fourier Transform DFT to map a time sequence to the frequency domain  , drop all but the first few frequencies  , and then use the remaining ones to index the sequence using a R*-tree 3 structure. The capability to find time-sequences or subsequences that are " similar " to a given sequence or to be able to find all pairs of similar sequences has several applications  , including  Permiasion to copy without fee all 01 part of this material is granted provided that the copies are not made OT distributed for direct commercial advantage  , the VLDB copyright notice and the title of the publication and its date appear   , and notice is given that copying is by permission of the In l  , an indexing structure was proposed for fast similarity searches over time-series databases  , assuming that the data aa well as query sequences were of the same length. Unlike previous work  , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. Deep learning structures are well formulated to describe instinct semantic representations. Deep learning with bottom-up transfer DL+BT: A deep learning approach with five-layer CAES and one fully connected layer. Deep learning with no transfer DL 14: A deep learning approach with five convolutional layers and three fully connected layers. However  , using deep learning for temporal recommendation has not yet been extensively studied. Using deep learning approaches for recommendation systems has recently received many attentions 20  , 21  , 22. When further integrating transfer learning to deep learning  , DL+TT  , DL+BT and DL+FT achieve better performance than the DL approach. This shows stronger learning and generalization abilities of deep learning than the hand-crafted features. In this paper  , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. Our approach provides a novel point of view to Wikipedia quality classification. Deep learning is an emerging research field today and  , to our knowledge  , our work is the first one that applied deep learning for assessing quality of Wikipedia articles. Besides  , the idea of deep learning has motivated researchers to use powerful generative models with deep architectures to learn better discriminative models 21. 1a and 1b. 42 proposed deep learning approach modeling source code. White et al. By adopting cross-domain learning ideas  , DTL 28 and GFK 10 were superior to the Tag ranking  , but were inferior to the deep learning-based approach DL. Our learning to rank method is based on a deep learning model for advanced text representations using distributional word embeddings . Wang & Manning  , 2010 35 develop a probabilistic Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. 23 took advantage of learning deep belief nets to classify facial action units in realistic face images. Susskind et al. The relation between deep learning and emotion is given in Sect. Section 3 describes human and robot emotion. Recent developments in representation learning deep learning 5 have enabled the scalable learning of such models. Thus  , vector representations of words appearing in similar contexts will be close to each other. We use a variation of these models 28  to learn word vector representation word embeddings that we track across time. We consider MV-DNN as a general Deep learning approach in the multi-view learning setup. In literature  , multi-view learning is a well-studied area which learns from data that do not share common feature space 27. Many researchers recognize that even exams tend to evaluate surface learning   , and that deep learning is not something that would surface until long after a course has finished 5 . However  , measuring learning is very difficult to do reliably in practice. We propose the DL2R system based on three novel insights: 1 the integration of multidimension of ranking evidences  , 2 context-based query reformulations with ranked lists fusion  , and 3 deep learning framework for the conversational task. Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. We conducted personal photo tagging on 7 ,000 real personal photos and personal photo search on the MIT-Adobe FiveK photo dataset. Additionally  , we report the results from a recent deep learning system in 38 that has established the new state-of-the-art results in the same setting. We report the results of our deep learning model on the TRAIN and TRAIN-ALL sets also when additional word overlap features are used. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. Together with the self-learning knowledge base  , NRE makes a deep injection possible. Allamanis and Sutton 3 trains n-gram language model a giga-token source code corpus. When dealing with small amounts of labelled data  , starting from pre-trained word embeddings is a large step towards successfully training an accurate deep learning system. First  , was the existing state of the art  , Flat-COTE  , significantly better than current deep learning approaches for TSC ? We set out to address two questions. Second  , we propose reducing the visual appearance gap by applying deep learning techniques. Furthermore  , the correlations between different concepts have not been fully exploited in previous research. On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. This challenge can deteriorate the performance of the hand-crafted feature-based approaches. Some of them are deep cost of learning and large size of action-state space. However there are some significant problems in applying it to real robot tasks. Then  , we learn the combinations of different modalities by multi kernel learning. Next we give details of how deep learning techniques such as convolution and stacking can be used to obtain hierarchical representations of the different modalities. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos  , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. Section 2 describes related work. for which the discontinuities only remain for the case of deep penetrations. Comparison of Machine Learning methods for training sets of decreasing size. However  , despite its impressive performance Flat-COTE has certain deficiencies. We demonstrate that Flat-COTE is significantly better than both deep learning approaches. We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. We explain the work about question answering from database or knowledge base using deep learning in which only question answer pairs and the database or knowledge base are used in construction of the system 4  , 28  , 38  , 41  , 1  , 43  , 42 We introduce the recent progress in image retrieval using deep learning in which only images and their associated texts questions are used as training data 15  , 14  , 17  , 36  , 24  , 23. If an injection succeeds  , it serves as an example of the IKM learning from experience and eventually producing a valid set of values. 27 empirically showed that having more queries but shallow documents performed better than having less queries but deep documents. Query Selection for Learning to Rank: For query level active learning  , Yilmaz et al. From the experimental results   , we can see that SAE model outperforms other machine learning methods. Next  , we describe our deep learning model and describe our experiments. In the following  , we give a problem formulation and provide a brief overview of learning to rank approaches. Word2Vec 6 provides vector representation of words by using deep learning. Therefore  , we used only the MeSH-CD indexing strategy and the Metamap strategy for building the queries. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. Moreover  , our created lexicon outperforms the competitive counterpart on emotion classification task. scoring  , and ranked list fusion. Therefore   , all these heterogeneous ranking evidences are integrated together through the proposed Deep Learning-to-Respond schema. However  , there are some significant problems in applying it to them. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications  , e.g. , learning to rank for Microblog retrieval and answer reranking for Question Answering. Thus  , our solution successfully combines together two traditionally important aspects of IR: unsupervised learning of text representations word embeddings from neural language model and learning on weakly supervised data. Our work is taking advantage of deep models to extract robust facial features and translate them to recognize facial emotions. Viola and Jones 20  , 21 In recent years  , deep learning arouses academia and industrial attentions due to its magic in computer vision. In our work we propose a novel deep learning approach extended from the Deep Structured Semantic Models DSSM 9 to map users and items to a shared semantic space and recommend items that have maximum similarity with users in the mapped space. With these abundantly available user online activities   , recommending relevant items can be achieved more efficiently and effectively. In this paper we address the aforementioned challenges through a novel Deep Tensor for Probabilistic Recommendation DTPR method. It would be interesting to adopt deep learning in one or more of the tensor modes and assess its effectiveness on tensor completion. The instance learning method presented in the paper has been experimentally evaluated on a dataset of 100 Deep Web Pages randomly selected from most known Deep Web Sites. It is noteworthy that versions of MDR and ViNTs available on the Web allow for performing only data record extraction. Table 1reports the precision  , recall and F-measure calculated for the proposed method. In addition  , a comparison between a state-of-the-art BoVW approach and our deep multi-label CNN was performed on the publicly available  , fully annotated NUSWIDE scene dataset 7 . The models were trained and fine-tuned using the deep learning framework Caffe 12. learn to extract a meaningful representation for each review text for different products using a deep learning approach in an unsupervised fashion 9. More similar to our work  , Bengio et al. Deep learning with full transfer DL+FT i.e. , bottom-up and top-down transfer: The same architecture and training set as DL+BT except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. 8.  We introduce a deep learning model for prediction. We introduce a set of novel features to characterize user behaviors and task repetition patterns for this new problem Section 4.3. For each of the features  , we describe our motivation and the method used for extraction below. In this work  , we consider five such features namely gist  , texture  , color  , gradient and deep learning features. The mentorship dataset is collected from 16 famous universities such as Carnegie Mellon and Stanford in the field of computer science. The proposed deep learning model was applied to the data collected from the Academic Genealogy Wiki project. In this paper  , we propose a " deep learning-to-respond " framework for open-domain conversation systems. Therefore  , capturing and integrating as much information as possible in a proper way is important for conversation systems. Given a query with context  , the proposed model would return a response—which has the highest overall merged ranking score F. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema.  Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. The ARC approach is a CNN based method with convolutionary layers which construct sentence representations and produce the final matching scores via a MLP layer 7. The short-term history of the user was then used to recommend specific news articles within the selected groups. It yielded semantically accurate results and well-localized segmentation maps. We presented a deep learning methodology for human part segmentation that uses refinements based on a stack of upconvolutional layers. In this experiment  , the magazine page detection time is measured for four scenarios with all 4 types of features. In addition  , deep learning technologies can be implemented in further research. Deep learning has recently been proposed for building recommendation systems for both collaborative and content based approaches. Recently  , ranking based objective function has shown to be more effective in giving better recommendation as shown in 11. In Sections 4 and 5  , we introduce the detailed mechanisms of contextual query reformulation and the deep learning-to-respond architecture. In Section 3  , we describe the task modeling and proposed framework for conversation systems. We also consider recently published results on 44 datasets from a TSC-specific CNN implemen- tation 18. However  , the current state of the art is confirmed to be Flat-COTE and our next objective is to evaluate whether HIVE-COTE is a significant improvement. It demonstrates promise  , and warrants further investigation of deep learning applications to TSC. First  , we have designed an ontology specific for personal photos from 10 ,000 active users in Flickr. To address the above issues  , we present a novel transfer deep learning approach with ontology priors to tag personal photos. Deep learning with top-down transfer DL+TT: The same architecture and training set as DL except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. 6. Our model also outperforms a deep learning based model while avoiding the problem of having to retrain embeddings on every iteration. Character ngrams alone fare very well in these noisy data sets. This ranking based objective has shown to be better for recommendation systems 9. Our deep learning model has a ranking based objective which aims at ranking positive examples items that users like higher than negative examples. We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques  , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . It is given by To assess the effectiveness and generality of our deep learning model for text matching  , we apply it on tweet reranking task. Our setup replicates the experiments in 27 to allow for comparing to their model. The framework can integrate other information such as reviewer's information  , product information  , etc. This work is a first step towards learning deep semantics of review content using skip-thought vectors in review rating prediction. The learned representations can be used in realizing the tasks  , with often enhanced performance . We first point out when we apply deep learning to the problems  , we in fact learn representations of natural language in the problems. In the second phase  , we trained the DNN model on the training set by using tensorflow 8   , the deep learning library from Google. Therefore  , we have a dataset of 30 ,000 same length vectors. We randomly select 80% nodes as the training set and the rest as the testing set. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 40 . Research in 978-1-4799-5569-5/14/$31.00 c 2014 IEEE. For each type of metrics  , there are also some speed-up techniques that can be used to enhance the system such as integral image. As mentioned earlier weather data has many specific characteristics which depend on time and spatial location. Thus higher resolution data with large number of training instances should be used in deep learning. Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding. Our research builds on summarization systems by identifying core concepts that are central ideas in a scientific domain. On the second task  , our model demonstrates that previous state-of-the-art retrieval systems can benefit from using our deep learning model. Our model shows a considerable improvement on the first task beating recent stateof-the-art system. This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. Code is available at https://github.com/li-xirong/hierse Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 11. We use the output of FC7  , the second fully-connected layer  , which results in a feature vector of length F = 4096. We implement a CNN using a common framework and conduct experiments on 85 datasets. Our work seeks to address two questions: first  , is Flat-COTE more accurate than deep learning approaches for TSC ? Here we adopted an approach similar to 46  , but with a topic model that enhances submission correctness and provides a self-learning knowledge expansion model. These crawlers are referred to as " deep crawlers " 10 or " hidden crawlers " 29 34 46. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema. For continuous conversations  , contexts can be used to optimize the response selection for the given query. Gradients can be back-propagated all the way back from merging  , ranking  , sentence pairing  , to individual sentence modeling. Given a human-issued message as the query  , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. In this paper  , we propose to establish an automatic conversation system between humans and computers. We believe that having an explicit symbolic representation is an advantage to vector-based models like deep learning because of direct interpretability . Therefore   , we are going to use the JoBimText framework 5  to create symbolic conceptualizations . Another future line of research will be performing human part segmentation in videos while exploiting the temporal context. A widely used method for traffic speed prediction is the autoregressive integrated moving average ARIMA model 1. Moreover  , our study sheds light on how to learn road segment importance from deep learning models. In this paper  , we proposed a novel deep learning method called eRCNN for traffic speed prediction of high accuracy. In particular  , we illustrate how to explore the congestion sources from eRCNN. All of our code and data is available from a public code repository and accompanying website 2 . Consequently we decided to instead identify evidence of 'critical thinking' by capturing the transcripts of the students' communication events and by interviewing them on their perceptions of the benefits of the technologies. We explain methods that can be used for learning the representations in matching 22  , 10  , 37  , translation 33  , 6  , 2  , 8  , classification 13  , 16  , 44  , and structured prediction 7  , 34  , 5. While our model allows for learning the word embeddings directly for a given task  , we keep the word matrix parameter W W W static. We choose the dimensionality of our word embeddings to be 50 to be on the line with the deep learning model of 38. We propose several effective and scalable dimensionality reduction techniques that reduce the dimension to a reasonable size without the loss of much information. One challenge in using deep learning to model rich user features is the high dimension of the feature space which makes the learning inefficient and may impact the generalization ability of the model. This section explains our deep learning model for reranking short text pairs. In the following  , we first describe our sentence model for mapping queries and documents to their intermediate representations and then describe how they can be used for learning semantic matching between input query-document pairs. In this paper  , we present a novel framework for learning term weights using distributed representations of words from the deep learning literature. Word vectors may also be useful for identifying terms that should be the focus of query expansion or terms that would be good expansion terms. Instead of relying solely on the anomalous features and extracting them greedily  , we have used deep learning approach of learning and subsequently reducing the feature set. This calls for feature reduction or feature extraction from the original set of features  , before going into classification. Recent  , deep learning has shown its success in feature learning for many computer vision problem  , You et al. 2014 assume that the images belong to the same sentiment share the same low-level visual features is often not true  , because positive and negative images may have similar low-level visual features  , e.g. , two black-white images contain smiling and sad faces respectively. The research goal of the project is to test the hypothesis that this deep customization can lead to dramatic improvements in teaching and learning. Customization support is done at the level of individual learning concepts and progressions  , not just at the level of broad course topics. We motivate the framework by adopting the word vectors to represent terms and further to represent the query due to the ability to represent things semantically of word vectors. The characteristics of requiring very little engineering by hand makes it easily discover interesting patterns from large-scale social media data. The key aspect of deep learning is that it automatically learns features from raw data using a generalpurpose learning procedure  , instead of designing features by human engineers6 .  Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. Unsupervised hashing: Cross-View Hashing CVH 6 13 and Inter-Media Hashing IMH 4 20  are unsupervised hashing methods that extend spectral hashing to exploit the local structure of multimodal data for learning binary codes. The method is based on: i a novel positional document object model that represents both spatial and visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of Web browser in rendered Deep Web pages; ii a novel visual similarity measure that exploit the rectangular cardinal relation spatial model for computing visual similarity between nodes of the PDOM. In this paper has been presented a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages.  Supervised hashing: Cross-Modal Similarity-Sensitive Hashing CMSSH 6 5  , Semantic Correlation Maximization SCM 28   , and Quantized Correlation Hashing QCH are supervised hashing methods which embed multimodal data into a common Hamming space using supervised metric learning. Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. The model consists of several components: a Deep Semantic Structured Model DSSM 11 to model user static interests; two LSTM-based temporal models to capture daily and weekly user temporal patterns; and an LSTM temporal model to capture global user interests. Specifically  , in this work  , we propose a multi-rate temporal deep learning model that jointly optimizes long-term and short-term user interests to improve the recommendation quality. DL + FT achieved the best Tag ranking DTL GFK DLFlickr DL DL+TT DL+BT DL+FT DL+withinDomain Figure 7: The top-N error rates of different approaches for tagging personal photos and an ideal performance obtained by training and testing on ImageNet denoted as DL+withinDomain. Specifically   , in our data sets with News  , Apps and Movie/TV logs  , instead of building separate models for each of the domain that naively maps the user features to item features within the domain  , we build a novel multi-view model that discovers a single mapping for user features in the latent space such that it is jointly optimized with features of items from all domains. We found that though our method gives results that are quite similar to the baseline case when prediction is done in 6 h before the event  , it gives significantly better performance when prediction is done 24 h and 48 h before the events. In this work we have explored a machine learning technique namely deep learning with SAE to learn and represent weather features and use them to predict extreme rainfall events. While the problemtailored heuristics and the search-oriented heuristics require deep knowledge on the problem characteristics to design problem-solving procedures or to specify the search space  , the learning-based heuristics try t o automatically capture the search control knowledge or the common features of good solutions t o solve the given problem. According t o the design methodology  , the heuristics for the MSP can be classified into problemtailored heuristics  13  , search-oriented heuristics 7   , arid learning-based heuristics a . This paper focuses on the development of a learning-based heuristic for the MSP. Deep learning approaches generalize the distributional word matching problem to matching sentences and take it one step further by learning the optimal sentence representations for a given task. Recently  , it has been shown that the problem of semantic text matching can be efficiently tackled using distributional word matching   , where a large number of lexical semantic resources are used for matching questions with a candidate answer 33. On the other  , although ImageNet 6 can provide accurate supervised information  , the two significant gaps  , i.e. , the semantic distribution and visual appearance gaps between the two domains pose grand challenges to personal photo tagging. The main contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this paper is one of the first attempts to design a domain-specific ontology for personal photos and solve the tagging problem by transfer deep learning. This has certain advantages like a very fast training procedure that can be applied to massive amounts of data  , as well as a better understanding of the model compared to increasingly popular deep learning architectures e.g. , He et al. Our model is primarily based on simple empirical statistics acquired from a training dataset and relies on a very small number of learned parameters. It also addresses the user cold start problem effectively since the model allows us to capture user interests from queries and recommend related items say music even if they do not have any history on using music services. We also showed how to extend this framework to combine data from different domains to further improve the recommendation quality. In this work  , we presented a general recommendation framework that uses deep learning to match rich user features to items features. Despite the fact that most of the evaluation in this paper used proprietary data  , the framework should be able to generalize to other data sources without much additional effort as shown in Section 9 using a small public data set. As a pilot study  , we believe that this work has opened a new door to recommendation systems using deep learning from multiple data sources. To understand the content of the ad creative from a visual perspective  , we tag the ad image with the Flickr machine tags  , 17 namely deep-learning based computer vision classifiers that automatically recognize the objects depicted in a picture a person  , or a flower. Image. Similar to our work  , to predict CTR for display ads  , 4 and 23 propose to exploit a set of hand-crafted image and motion features and deep learning based visual features  , respectively . In our work  , we go beyond text-only features  , using visual features extracted from the ad creative image. Traditional Aesthetic Predictor: What if existing aesthetic frameworks were general enough to assess crowdsourced beauty ? For each picture in our ground truth  , we query the MIT popularity API 8   , a recently proposed framework that automatically predicts image popularity scores in terms of normalized view count score given visual cues  , such as colors and deep learning features Khosla  , Das Sarma  , and Hamid 2014. We create a huge conversational dataset from Web  , and the crawled data are stored as an atomic unit of natural conversations: an utterance  , namely a posting  , and its reply. Till now  , we have validated that deep learning structures  , contextual reformulations and integrations of multi-dimensions of ranking evidences are effective. Since conversations are open with more than one appropriate responses  , MAP and nDCG scores indicate the full capacity of the retrieval systems. To give deep insights into the proposed model  , we illustrate these two aspects by using intuitive examples in detail. Specially  , learning semantic representations of review content using skipthought vectors and filling in missing values of aspect ratings show advantages on improving the accuracy of rating prediction. Experimental results show that high-quality representation of review content and complete aspect ratings play important roles in improving prediction accuracy. At the same time it is not possible to tune the word embeddings on the training set  , as it will overfit due to the small number of the query-tweet pairs available for training. This has a negative impact on the performance of our deep learning model since around 40% of the word vectors are randomly initialized. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos  , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. In order to scale the system up  , we propose several dimensionality reduction techniques to reduce the number of features in the user view. In practice  , the proposed deep learning approach often needs to handle a huge amount of training examples in high dimensional feature spaces for the user view. Experiments on several large-scale real-world data sets indicated that the proposed approach worked much better than other systems by large margin. Given that the image features we consider are based on a state-ofthe-art deep learning library  , it is interesting to compare the performance of image-related features with a similar signal derived from the crowd. Further adding information about the crowd-indicated category gives us an extremely accurate model with an accuracy of 0.88. Data augmentation  , in our context  , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. To compute the similarity score we use an approach used in the deep learning model of 38  , which recently established new state-of-the-art results on answer sentence selection task. However  , our model uses it only to generate intermediate representation of input sentences for computing their similarity. We model the mixedscript features jointly in a deep-learning architecture in such a way that they can be compared in a low-dimensional abstract space. We propose a principled solution to handle the mixedscript term matching and spelling variation where the terms across the scripts are modelled jointly. We thus aim to apply an automatic feature engineering approach from deep learning in future works to automatically generate the correct ranking function. So far  , our experiments reveal that the mere finding of the right features for this endeavor remains a challenging problem. Moreover  , we aim to integrate HAWK in domain-specific information systems where the more specialized context will most probably lead to higher F-measures. The proposed approach is founded on: In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. With the recent success in many research areas 1   , deep learning techniques have attracted increasing attention. However  , these hand-crafted descriptors are designed for general tasks to capture fixed visual patterns by pre-defined feature types and are not suitable for detecting some middle-level features that are shared and meaningful across two specific domains. In contrast to 9  , which is applied to text applications  , we need to handle the high-dimensional problem of images  , which results in more difficulties. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. The DNN ranker  , serving as the core of " deep learning-to-rank " schema  , models the relation between two sentences query versus context/posting/reply. Moreover   , different reformulations can capture different aspects of background information; their resulting ranked lists are further merged by a novel formula  , in which we consider the relatedness between the reformulated queries with context and the original one. The proposed method can find the equivalents of the query term across the scripts; the original query is then expanded using the thus found equivalents. In this work  , we propose a deep learning approach with a SAE model for mining advisor-advisee relationships. In the future work  , we will apply our proposed model to the whole DBLP digital library to obtain a large-scale mentorship data set  , which will enable us to study the interesting application such as mentor recommendation. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. Even though NLP components are still being improved by emerging techniques like deep learning  , the quality of existing components is sufficient to work on the semantic level – one level of abstraction up from surface text. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. Their power of reasoning depends on the expressivity of such representation: an ontology provided with complex TBox axioms can act as a valuable support for the representation and the evaluation of a deep knowledge about the domain it represents. In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. So they exploit partially visual cues created by Web designers in order to help human users to make sense of Web pages contents. In general  , for facial expression recognition system  , there are three basic parts:  Face detection: Most of face detection methods can detect only frontal and near-frontal views of the fount. We demonstrate that the standard approach is no better than dynamic time warping  , and both are significantly less accurate than the current state of the art. 1 We evaluate two deep learning solutions for TSC: a standard CNN and a bespoke CNN for TSC. Specifically  , this paper has the following contributions:  We develop a supervised classification methodology with NLP features to outperform a deep learning approach . In this paper we aim to develop a state-of-the-art method for detecting abusive language in user comments  , while also addressing the above deficiencies in the field. The high efficiency ensures an immediate response  , and thus the transfer deep learning approach with two modes can be adopted as a prototype model for real-time mobile applications  , such as photo tagging and event summarization on mobile devices. For tagging with batch-mode  , it took three seconds for a photo collection of 200 photos 800*600 pixels . Accomplishing all this in a small project would be impossible if the team were building everything from scratch. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 15  , hence selecting educational resources that address these concepts is a critical task in supporting learners. Emerging new OCR approaches based on deep learning would certainly profit from the large set of training data. Even if not all occurrences are used for training  , the large number of glyph examples  , sorted by quality  , makes it easier for OCR engineers to compose a good training set. Additionally  , we note that a catalog of occurrences of glyphs can in itself be interesting  , for example to date or attribute printed works 2. More recently  , Wang and Wang 10  used deep leaning techniques which perform feature learning from audio signals and music recommendation in a unified framework. For example  , Logan 6  vestigated Mel-frequency Cepstral Coefficients MFCCs as acoustic features and utilized Earth-Mover's distance to measure the similarity between songs for recommendation. Finally  , many systems work with distributed vector representations for words and RDF triples and use various deep learning techniques for answer selection 10  , 31. Another approach to generate more training data is to automatically convert RDF triples to questions using entity and predicate names 10. In all of these works  , external resources are used to train a lexicon for matching questions to particular KB queries. However  , their model operates only on unigram or bigrams  , while our architecture learns to extract and compose n-grams of higher degrees  , thus allowing for capturing longer range dependencies. We present a joint NMF method which incorporates crowdbased emotion labels on articles and generates topic-specific factor matrices for building emotion lexicons via compositional semantics. In recent years  , alongside the enhancement of ASR technologies with deep learning 17  , various studies suggested advanced methods for voice search ASR and reported further performance enhancements. 27 discussed the interleaving of ASR with IR systems and suggested to combine acoustic and semantic models to enhance performance. There is actually a series of variants of DL2R model with different components and different context utilization strategies. However   , while the word embeddings obtained at the previous step should already capture important syntactic and semantic aspects of the words they represent  , they are completely clueless about their sentiment behaviour. We are going to create JoBimText models 30 and extend those to interconnected graphs  , where we introduce new semantic relations between the nodes. A person can observe the existence and configuration of another persons body directly  , however all aspects of other people's minds must be inferred from observing their behaviour together with other information. One of the challenges in studying an agent's understanding of others is that observed phenomena like behaviours can sometimes be explained as simple stimulus-response learning  , rather than requiring deep understanding. Instance learning approaches exploit regularities available in Deep Web pages in terms of DOM structures for detecting data records and their data items. The method proposed in this paper is completely automatic and no manual effort is required to the user. The previous study in 8 seeks to discover hidden schema model for query interfaces on deep Web. To the best of our knowledge  , no research has yet adequately addressed the problem of learning a global attribute schema from the Web for entities of a given entity type. Recent IE systems have addressed scalability with weakly supervised methods and bootstrap learning techniques. As a result  , top performing systems in TREC e.g. , 21  focus on " deep " parsing of sentences and the production of logical representations of text in contrast with the lighter weight techniques used by KNOWITALL. Our techniques highlight the importance of low-level computer vision features and demonstrate the power of certain semantic features extracted using deep learning. We contrast our prediction technique that leverages social cues and image content features with simpler methods that leverage color spaces  , intensity  , and simple contextual metrics. In particular  , by training a neural language model 8  on millions of Wikipedia documents  , the authors first construct a semantic space where semantically close words are mapped to similar vector representations. In a related work 3  , a deep learning based semantic embedding method is proposed. This is due to a very large number of misspellings and words occurring only once hence they are filted by the word2vec tool. The learning component uses a data-driven and model-free approach for training the recurrent neural net  , which becomes an embedded part of a hybrid control scheme effective during execution. Configuration of the system can be achieved by users without deep robotics knowledge  , using kinesthetic teaching to gather training data intrinsically containing constraints given by the environment or required by the intended task. All three demonstrated they understood the difference between accidental and intentional acts. In this study  , we want to learn the weather attributes which are mainly in the form of real numbered values and thus have chosen stacked auto-encoder architecture of deep learning for the purpose. This approach is also known as the greedy layerwise unsupervised pre-training. To summarize  , the contributions in this work are: 1 use rich user features to build a general-purpose recommendation system  , 2 propose a deep learning approach for content-based recommendation systems and study different techniques to scale-up the system  , 3 introduce the novel Multi-View Deep learning model to build recommendation systems by combining data sets from multiple domains  , 4 address the user cold start issue which is not well-studied in literature by leveraging the semantic feature mapping learnt from the multi-view DNN model  , and 5 perform rigorous experiments using four real-world large-scale data set and show the effectiveness of the proposed system over the state-of-the-art methods by a significantly large margin. Alternative solutions to this challenging problem were explored using a " Figure 1: Example of a PMR query and its relevant technote like " competition  , where several different research and development teams within IBM have explored various retrieval approaches including those that employ both state-of-theart and novel QA  , NLP  , deep-learning and learning-to-rank techniques. In order for find a relevant solution  , the system needs to search over multiple combinations of PMR problem aspects and technical document and find the best matches. For each of the detectable objects  , the Flickr classifiers output a confidence score corresponding to the probability that the object is represented in the image. It breaks the task at hand into the following components: 1. a tensor construction stage of building user-item-tag correlation; 2. a tensor decomposition stage learning factors for each component mode; 3. a stage of tensor completion  , which computes the creativity value of tag pairs; and 4. a recommender stage that ranks the candidate items according to both precision and creative consideration . Hence  , in this paper we adopt a simple pointwise method to reranking and focus on modelling a rich representation of query-document pairs using deep learning approaches which is described next. Most often  , producing a better representation ψ that encodes various aspects of similarity between the input querydocument pairs plays a far more important role in training an accurate reranker than choosing between different ranking approaches. The deep learning features outperform other features for the one-per-user and user-mix settings but not the user-specific setting. On exploring the columns individually in Table 1   , we notice that the color histogram alone gives a fairly low rank correlation ranging between 0.12 and 0.23 across the three datasets  , but texture  , and gradient features perform significantly better improving the performance ranges to 0.20 to 0.32 and 0.26 to 0.34 respectively. This result indicates that IdeaKeeper scaffoldings assisted students to focus on more important work than less salient activities in online inquiry. The students who only used the digital libraries were more involved in activities such as conducting information searches  , skimming a website to locate a piece of specific information  , and copying information from the websites—activities that provide less opportunities for deep learning to occur than the high-level cognitive activities performed by the IdeaKeeper students 5. Even though  , in general  , changing the goal may lead to substantial modifications in the basins of attraction  , the expectation is that problems successfully dealt with in their first occurrence difficult cases reported for RPP are traps and deep local minima A general framework for learning in path planning has been proposed by Chen 8. Additional regions could be found  , along with additional paths connecting them.  We investigate the relative importance of individual features  , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image  , another where each user has several thousand images  , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. Copyrights for third-party components of this work must be honored. In this paper  , we propose a deep learning based advisor-advisee relationships 1 http://genealogy.math.ndsu.nodak.edu/index.php 2 http://academictree.org/ 3 http://phdtree.org/ Permission to make digital or hard copies of part or all of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. In this case  , we assume that user's preferences are composed of two components: the long-term preference which reflects the fairly stable interests of the users based on their online activities; and the temporal interests which represents the users' current immanent need/interests. Table 4 shows that even by just using the user preferences among categories together with crowd-derived category information   , we can obtain an accuracy of 0.85 compared with 0.77 for Image+User features  , suggesting that crowdsourced image categorisation is more powerful than current image recognition and classification technology. 3 In this paper we propose a machine learning method that takes as input an ontology matching task consisting of two ontologies and a set of configurations and uses matching task profiling to automatically select the configuration that optimizes matching effectiveness. For example   , LOD ontologies vary widely; they can be very small at the schema level  , shallow  , and poorly axiomatized such as GeoNames  , 1 large with medium depth and medium axiomatization such as in DBpedia  , 2 or large  , deep  , and richly axiomatized such as Yago. Recommendation systems and content personalization play increasingly important role in modern online web services. We then review the basic DSSM model and discuss how it could be extended for our setting in Section 4; in Section 5  , we introduce the multi-view deep learning model in details and discuss its advantages ; in Section 6  , we discuss the dimension reduction methods to scale-up the model; in Section 7  , 8  , 9 & 10  , we present a comprehensive empirical study; we finally conclude in Section 11 and suggest several future work. In this framework  , a slow  , globally effective planner is invoked when a fast but less effective planner fails  , and significant subgoal configurations found are remembered t o enhance future success chances of the fast planner. The rest of this paper is organized as following  , first we review major approaches in recommendation systems including papers that focus on the cold start problem in Section 2; in Section 3  , we describe the data sets we work with and detail the type of features we use to model the user and the items in each domain  , respectively.