The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. This model is then converted into a vector representation as mentioned above. The general interest model captures the user's interests in terms of categories e.g. , museums  , landmarks  , and galleries. The general interest model for user 814 is shown as a word cloud and a table in Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. This full range results naturally from the fact that our user models allow the interest elements to have weights from -1 to +1 to represent the full spectrum of interest intensities from hate to love. The cosine similarity metric based on the vector space model has been widely used for comparing similarity between search query and document in the information retrieval literature Salton et al. , 1975. Given that news is separated into eight topics  , 16 interest profiles exist in a single user model. Thus  , each profile can express specific and general user interests  , respectively. General English words are likely to have similar distributions in both language models I and A. Here  , we treat the AQUAINT corpus as a unigram language model of general English 15   , A  , and the Interest Corpus as a unigram language model consisting of topic specific terms and general English terms  , I. The performance of Human Interest Model and Soft Pattern Bigram Model for each entity type can be seen in Figure 2 . These categories conform to TREC's general division of question topics into 4 main entity types 13 . A large η tends to make the interest-related language model more discriminative because more general words are generated from the background model. where η is the probability weight that a word wi in C t is generated from the general background model. However given the same set of web-based information  , the Human Interest Model consistently outperforms the soft-pattern model for all four entity types. In general  , it is harder to locate a single web article that describes an event or a general object. We assume that words in C t are generated either from a model θU which represents users' collective topical interest or from a general background model θB. can be clustered into two groups  , words closely related to a specific query topic and general background words. One reason for this result could be that our general prediction model does not depend upon " clientside " data  , such as activity on SERPs and content pages  , which was unavailable  , whereas the task-specific prediction models depend upon such data. It is of some interest that our " general " prediction model led to better performance improvement than out taskspecific models. Our interest is less in developing or arguing for any particular measures than in using them to explore hypotheses about model-based measures in general. the NCU family 16. The generated hypotheses are then passed to the verifier. Since it is difficult  , in general  , to decide which junction belongs to the scene object of interest  , we matched all 21 features with the corresponding model ones. The most common representation of feature models is through FODA-style feature diagrams 3  , 4  , 5 . In general  , a feature model 3  , 4  , 5  , 6  , 7  , 8 is a description of the relevant characteristics of some entity of interest. The primary contribution of this work is increased understanding of effectiveness measures based on explicit user models. Though we use RBP and DCG as motivators  , our interest is not specifically in them but in model-based measures in general. Figure 1' which are acquired through repeated exposures t o the particular sounds of interest. The general architecture of our model-based a p proach to source separation is outlined in Figure 1. With this model  , we can reduce the effects of background words and learn a model which better captures words concentrating around users' collective interests. This means the personalized models do not have the opportunity to promote results of low general interest i.e. , outside of the top n  , but of high interest to the current user  , into the top-ranked results. Once a model is learned  , a common strategy for the application of personalization is to rerank the top-n results 3  , 9. Typically  , not all features of feature model My are of interest for the composition with feature model Mx . To introduce our general concept of feature-model compositionality   , we assume that two feature models Mx and My are composed to M x /y = Mx M C My . In this way  , one could estimate a general user vocabulary model  , that describes the searcher's active and passive language use in more than just term frequencies. Assuming an industrial setting  , long-term attention models that include the searcher's general interest in addition to the current session context can be expected to become powerful tools for a wide number of inference tasks. To do this  , we leveraged users' search trails for the two-month period from March to April 2009 inclusive referred to hereafter as   , and constructed historic interest models   , for all user-query pairs. Therefore  , to estimate the novelty of the information provided by each trail source  , we first had to construct a model of each user's general interest in the query topic based on historic data. The rationale underlying such a decomposition of the original action model into two probabilistic models  , the preference and the item action model  , is two folds. where we assume that a the preference is independent of the next card given the context and b the item action model is independent of the context given the item of interest to the user  , both of which are very reasonable in general. In particular  , a latent random variable x is associated with each word  , acts as a switch to determine whether the word is generated from the distribution of background model  , breaking news  , posts from social friends or user's intrinsic interest. The proposed model has a similar general structure to the author-topic model  , but with additional machinery to handle the distribution of breaking news  , friends' timeline and background words respectively. For check-in behavior  , the time-ordered check-in history of an individual corresponds to her action sequence in our general model. The online check-ins contain abundant information of users' physical movements in daily lives  , e.g. , the point-of-interest POI indicates the geo-location and activity category  , while the timestamp reveals the chronological order. No instance information is captured in a view diagram besides that in the form of assertions. In general  , the model allows the user to start with the entity types of interest  , describe each entity type with a nested list of attribute types and build any number of levels of association types. Internally  , the framework builds up a microscopic representation of the system based on these observations as well as on a list of interactions of interest specified by the user. The general idea of our approach is that we observe or simulate an existing system  , and the model is built based on the observations i.e. , trajectories collected during these experiments or simulations . We lean towards the latter explanation  , and with this work we hope to provide a framework within which to test it. This generalized vocabulary covers a common abstraction of the data models we consider to be of general interest for the QA community. On top of a standard annotation framework  , the Web Annotation Data Model WADM 6   , the qa vocabulary is defined. In general  , OBIE systems use ontologies to model domain knowledge for a special area of interest. The authors clarify the importance of OBIE approaches  , as they describe such systems as a bridging technology which combines text understanding systems and IE systems. To make this causal claim we need to lay down a behavioral model of clicking that describes why the targeted group is more prone to click on an advertisement than the general population of users. Can we attribute the residual lift to interest in the brand or category ? Although a kinematic model gives a good description of the camera's movement for general applications  , it is useful to consider the unstabilized components in motion due to the change of operating conditions  , external disturbances  , etc. The parameters of interest are then estimated recursively 9  , 101. In that sense  , we have presented a new framework for integrating external predicates into Datalog. Note that the model is sufficiently general in the sense that the expressions can be extended to operate on any new schematic information that may be of interest. This crucial benefit of graphs recently led to an emerging interest in graph based data mining 7. Graphs  , which are in fact one of the most general forms of data representation   , are able to represent not only the values of an entity  , but can be used to explicitly model structural relations that may exist between different parts of an object 5 ,6. This is sufficiently general to describe in rigorous terms the events of interest  , and can be used to describe in homogeneous terms much of the existing work on testing. In Section 2 we define our basic concepts and our model of program execution and testing. The term object type is used to stand for either an entity type or an association type. In order to get a better perspective of how well the Human Interest Model performs for different types of topics  , we manually divided the TREC 2005 topics into four broad categories of PER- SON  , ORGANIZATION  , THING and EVENT as listed in Table  3 . The next step in sophistication is to have a template that can model more general transformations than the simple template  , such as affine distortion. The main difficulty of this approach is feature skew  , where the template slowly stops tracking the feature of interest and creeps onto another feature. Thus we have 21 scene features for hypothesis generation  , 10 of which are valid features of PRISM5. one of our long-term research goals to find a general model which transforms raw image data directly into " ac-tion values " . Fortunately  , sensor images are often observed in a local context: the complete situation is not of particular interest and a subspace containing all necessary information for determining the action values can be found. For example  , what is new topic-related information for one individual may not be new information for another. In this paper  , we presented an optimal control a p proach to generating paths for robots  , extended our contact model to apply generally rather than specifically  , and discussed the derivatives that the general contact model in conjunction with the optimal control a p proach require. An intelligent way to connect the pieces of motion generated with this approach is also an area of interest for our ongoing research. The ongoing expansion in the availability of electronic news material provides immediate access to many diaeerent perspectives on the same news stories. In the conventional model these news packages have a number of common features: the contents are decided by the editor and the contributing writers  , the coverage of stories represents a national or sometimes regional perspective  , and the depth of coverage of an individual story is determined by the editors' judgment of the general readership's interest in it. In particular  , m represents the average number of times each user of the group viewed this page pair. When the page pair is present in the DSN that is  , at least two users viewed these pages together in some sessions  , the model includes the group information through l and m. While l provides an idea about the general user interest in a page pair across all the groups in the DSN  , m shows the popularity of a page pair in a certain group. Of particular interest are open questions related to the introduction of police-based data placement in an information integration system. Related to the heterogeneity of information integration are open questions about the transactional semantics of operations across federated data sources  , synchronized backup and recovery  , a uniform privacy and security model across a multitude of systems  , as well as general query and operational performance aspects in the presence of huge data volumes and increasing numbers of data sources. This also reflects that apps tend to go through a series of revisions before being generally favorable; after which the subsequent versions show a decline in general interest  , and this suggests the peripheral nature of the subsequent revisions. We observe that our approach favors the current version i.e. , the one that was downloaded by the target users the most  , thereby indicating that our VSR model effectively targets the version of an app that maximizes its chances of being acquired by the target user. Cases for which both models yield a rather poor account typically correspond to memes that are characterized by either a single burst of popularity or by sequences of such bursts usually due to rekindled interest after news reports in other media. 6 indicates that even in pathological cases where χ 2 tests and D KL measures signal a low quality fit  , the log-normal model still provides an acceptable description of the general behavior of the meme. At least as serious  , the single existing set of relevance judgements we know of is extremely limited; this means that evaluating music- IR systems according to the Cranfield model that is standard in the text-IR world…is impossible  , and no one has even proposed a realistic alternative to the Cranfield approach for music. To put things in perspective  , music IR is still a very immature field.. For example  , to our knowledge  , no survey of user needs has ever been done the results of the European Union's HARMONICA project are of some interest  , but they focused on general needs of music libraries. News has traditionally been delivered in pre-packaged forms originally in newspapers   , which h a ve subsequently been joined by radio and television broadcasts  , and most recently by internet news services. Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. The cost of evaluating inner query block can vary significantly depending on the parameter sort order guaranteed by the outer query block. For a given nested query block  , several execution plans are possible  , each having its own required parameter sort order and cost. Further  , more than one query block can be nested under the same parent query block. However   , we have chosen to re-arrange bytes by the sort order of prefixes read right to left. Traditionally  , BWT rearranges bytes in a block by the sort order of all its suffixes. Results for such queries are shown in column TLC-O for the second group of queries q1-q2. 'Push Sort in Join': Pushing Sort into a Join applies to single block join queries. This approach avoids generation of unwanted sort orders and corresponding plans. Now  , the compatible combinations of plans and the effective parameter sort order they require from the parent block are as shown in Figure 5. This Sort should also simplify the Group operation that follows and associates to each researcher the number of projects it belongs to. In block B'Res  , a Sort operation is added to order the researchers according to their key number. The sort continuous in this manner until the list of items is fully sorted in ascending order after the lg m th phase. Similarly  , the second phase of bitonic sort involves merging each even-indexed 2- item block with the 2-item block immediately following it  , producing a list where consecutive 4-item blocks are sorted in alternating directions. While generating the plans for the nested blocks we consider only those plans that require a parameter sort order no stronger than the one guaranteed by the outer block. For each sort order  , we optimize the outer query block and then all the nested blocks. In this section we propose additional techniques for exploiting the sort order of correlation bindings by retaining the state of the inner query execution across multiple bindings of the correlation variables. Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer parent query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. Then we sort the set of average intensities in ascending order and a rank is assigned to each block. In our case  , we utilize 3×3 block of each frame for ordinal signature extraction. The BWT rearranges characters in a block by the sort order of the suffixes of these characters. Offsets are limited to a maximum value called the " window size " . To reduce the number of candidate plans we can adopt a heuristic of considering only the physical operators that requires the strongest parameter sort order less than the guaranteed sort order. However  , if the parameter sort order guaranteed by the parent block is weaker e.g. , null  , then only the plain table scan is a possible candidate. Depending on the delay condition  , HERB either simultaneously released the block no delay or waited until its head was fully turned and then released the block delay  , Fig- ure 2. The human-robot interactions lasted approximately 2 minutes and 20 seconds  , though the particular amount of time varied by how long the participant took to sort the block. Finally  , the block size for AIX is 2KB  , with Starburst assuming 4KB pages  , so each Starburst I/O actually requires two AIX I/OS.' For sorting  , Starburst does not use the global buffer pool  , relying instead on a separate sort buffer; we configured its sort buffer size to be lOOKI to provide a comparable amount of space for sorting as for regular I/O. A cost-based optimizer can consider the various interesting sort orders and decide on the overall best plan. For the table in Figure 3  , one might imagine that IP Address was used as a predictor for Client ID to some benefit because each user had a preferential computer   , shown below. This is a powerful effect: all prior sort orders are used to break ties this is because stable sort was performed for each block. However  , note that a sort-merge anti-join cannot be used if the correlated query block is part of a procedure or function where as NISR can be used in this case. A sort-merge anti-join implementation if present and used would perform exactly same as NISR and hence we have not consider it here explicitly. If this heuristic is adopted in the above example  , when the parameter sort order guaranteed from the parent block is {p 1 } only the state retaining scan is considered and the plain table scan is dropped. An approximated block matrix is generated when we then sort the eigenvectors and rearrange the eigenvector components accordingly before calculating the eigenprojector. Thus we do not need to set the number of clusters ex ante. Figure 8shows an example of this technique in action. Since the tuples within each block are sorted by timestamp  , a merge sort is employed to retrieve the original order of tuples across the different blocks in the run. In this approach we first traverse all the blocks nested under a given query block and identify the set of all interesting parameter sort orders. We describe this approach in subsequent subsections. Vo and Vo also showed that usage of multiple predictors for breaking ties in sort order often improves compression. This is logically equivalent to applying the permutation to all the tokens in the second block before running RadixZip over it. For queries where other factors dominate the cost  , like join q2  , the speedup is relatively small. In single block selection type queries x19 both TLC-D and TLC-O contribute by removing the blocking factor of DE and Sort. The rewrite applies only to single block selection queries. 'Push Sort in Select': We tested the efficiency of our rewrite that pushes Sorts into Selects  , as described in Section 5.2. The run block size is the buffer size for external Instead of sorting the records in the data buffer directly  , we sort a set of pointers pointing to the records. We consider LB to be the elementary block and we attempt to discuss the possibilities of fault tolerance in this program. This is the well known straight insertion sort. Since the matrices are hermitian  , the blocks are symmetric but different in color. We have implemented block nested-loop and hybrid hash variants. Anti-Semijoin For an anti-semijoin El I ? ,  , E2 all common implementation alternatives like sort merge  , hash  , and nested-loops come into account. This produces a list where consecutive 2-item blocks are sorted  , in alternating directions. Further assume query block q 2 nested under the same parent as q 1 has two plans pq 3 and pq 4 requiring sorts p 1   , p 2  and null respectively. Participants were also told that HERB's head would move and that HERB may provide suggestions about how to sort the blocks  , but that the final sorting method was up to them. They were instructed to take the block from HERB's hand once HERB had extended the block to them. When m is a power of 2  , bitonic sort lends itself to a very straight-forward non-recursive implementation based on the above description. For instance   , during the 4-merge phase phase 2 in the figure all compare-and-swaps performed within the first 4-item block are ascending  , whereas they are descending for the second 4-item block. Further  , the cost of the plan for the outer query block can vary significantly based on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the parameters. Note that the best parameter ordering for each query in the function body can be different and also there can be multiple functions invoked from the same outer query block. The necessary conditions to bundle operators within a block are: same degrees of parallelism and same partitioning strategies. In the PQEP shown in Figure 2c   , the largest block is formed by the sort  , projection proj  , group  , and hash-join hj ,i , operators having a DOP of 5. For illustration  , we will use the following block of variable-width tokens: Figure 5.1 shows the output of both BWT and RadixZip Transform run on this input. The minimum amount of main memory needed by Sort/Merge is three disk block buffers  , because in the sort phase  , two input buffers and one output buffer are needed. Given the fact that b/k blocks are needed in the fist phase  , and k blocks are needed in the second phase of the join  , the challenge is to find the value for k  , where the memory consumption maxb/k ,k is minimal : It is unfair for one sort to allocate extra memory it cannot use while others are waiting; l a sort whose performance is not very sensitive to memory should yield to sorts whose performance is more affected by memory space; l large sorts should not block small sorts indefinitely   , while small sorts should not prevent large sorts from getting a reasonable amount of mem- ory; l when all other conditions are the same  , older sorts should have priority over younger sorts. Specifically  , the following fairness considerations are reflected in our policy: l a sort should not allocate more memory than needed. To eliminate unnecessary data traversal  , when generating data blocks  , we sort token-topic pairs w di   , z di  according to w di 's position in the shuffled vocabulary  , ensuring that all tokens belonging to the same model slice are actually contiguous in the data block see Figure 1 . 3. If suffixes provide a good context for characters  , this creates regions of locally low entropy  , which can be exploited by various back-end compressors. Besides SIMDization  , implementing bitonic sort efficiently on the SPEs also require unrolling loops and avoiding branches as much as possible. There is a change in the shuffles performed  , because the compare-and-swap direction is reversed for the second 4-item block. The final permutation 41352 represents the sort order of the five tokens using last byte most significant order  , and can be used as input to future calls to permute. Lemma 3.2. permute and its inverse are Ob time operations   , where b is the number of bytes in the block. Then the Hilbert value ranges delineated by successive pairs of end marker values in the sorted list have the prop erty that they are fully contained within one block at each level of each participating tree. We sort the full set Of 6Qj F values and delete any duplicates. The bottom-up approach can be understood by the following signature of the Optimizer method. In order to avoid optimization of subexpressions for sort orders not of interest the bottom-up approach first optimizes the inner most query block producing a set of plans each corresponding to an interesting order. In the logical query DAG LQDAG  , due to the sharing of common subexpressions  , the mapping of parameters to the level of the query block that binds it cannot be fixed statically for each logical equivalence node. Therefore if any sort order needs to be guaranteed on the output of the Apply operator an enforcer plan is generated. In each ordering we consider the first 5 blocks  , and for each block we calculate the maximum similarity to the 5 blocks on both the next and previous page. For each page  , we sort all blocks on the page in four different orders: from top to bottom  , from bottom to top  , from left to right  , and from right to left. Plan operators that work in a set-oriented fashion e.g. , sort  , might also be content with this simple open-next-close protocol  , which  , however  , may restrict the flexibility of their implementation. All " real " plan operators within a block access their relevant information via the opennext-close interface of the LAS cf. To understand this property  , consider the paradigm used by previous skyline evaluation techniques  , such as Block Nested Loops 4 and Sort-First Skyline 9 . An additional interesting property of the new lattice-based skyline computation paradigm is that the performance of LS is independent of the underlying data distribution. A cost-based optimizer can consider the various options available and decide on the overall best plan. This approach combines the benefits of both the top-down exhaustive approach and the bottom-up approach. Our last example see Figure 8 shows  , among other interesting features  , how one can push a Group that materializes the relationship between researchers and projects. A 6-axis force-torque sensor in the robot's hand identifies when the participant has grasped the block to begin the transfer phase of the handover. In this task  , a robot called HERB hands colored blocks to participants  , who sort those blocks into one of two colored boxes according to their personal preference. Our memory adjustment policy aims to improve overall system performance  , that is  , throughput and average response time  , but it also takes into account fairness considerations. The output of a single block FLWOR statement in XQuery can be ordered by either the binding/document order as specified in the FOR clauses or the value order as specified in the OR- DERBY clause. An outcome of our technique is that the Ordering Specification O-Spec of a collection and for that matter the SORT operation that produced it is a superset of the potential order that can be expressed by XQuery. The drawback of this approach is that it requires significant changes to the structure of any existing Volcano-style optimizer due to the need for propagating multiple plans for the same expression and then combining them suitably. Inference of " bounded disorder " appears to be relevant when considering how order properties get propagated through block-nested-loop joins  , and could be exploited to reduce the cost of certain plan operators. We also are interested in generalizing this work to infer " bounded disorder " : unordered relations whose disorder can be measured as the number of passes of a bubble sort required to make the relation ordered. At query time  , when OSCAR begins to scan a new run of blocks  , it uses the latest value returned by the r- UDF to only read from a corresponding fraction of the blocks in this new run. The size of the shared pool  , which is used by Oracle to store session information such as sort areas and triggers  , was set to 20MB and the size of the log buffer to 4MB to minimise the influence of Oracle internals on the measurements. The database buffer was set to 500 blocks with a database block size of 4 kbytes which resulted in an average buffer hit ratio of 98.5%. To the best of our knowledge  , the state-retention techniques and optimization of multi-branch  , multi-level correlated queries considering parameter sort orders have not been proposed or implemented earlier. Database systems such as Microsoft SQL Server consider sorted correlation bindings and the expected number of times a query block is evaluated with the aim of efficiently caching the inner query results when duplicates are present and to appropriately estimate the cost of nested query blocks. A T-Regular Expression is a regular expression over a triple pattern or an extended regular expression of the form  are regular expressions; if x and y are regular expressions  , then x  y  , x ⏐ y are also regular expressions. is one regular expression defined for the month symbol. For instance  , the regular expression ^Jjan uary ? Regular expression matching is naturally computationally expensive. The ARROW system applies regular expression signatures to match URLs in HTTPTraces. -constrain paths based on the presence or absence of certain nodes or edges. A T-Regular Expression is a regular expression over a triple pattern or an extended regular expression of the form  If  , for example  , an ADT has a domain definition represented by the regular expression "name sex birthdate"  , then the ADT is a generalization of person because "name sex birthdate" is a subexpression of the expression "name sex birthdate address age deathdate which is a commutated expression of the domain-defining regular expression for person. For any regular expression  , we allow concatenation AND and plus OR to be commutative and define a commuted regular expression of regular expression e to be any regular expression that can be derived from e by a sequence of zero or more commutative operations. aGeneralizationa  , b/aSpecializationb  , a: ADT a is an automatic generalization of ADT b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a subexpression of a commuted regular expression that defines the domain for ADT b. Otherwise   , we describe the properties in the regular expression format. If these strings are identical  , we directly present such string in the regular expression. XTM provides support for the entire PERL regular-expression set. This regular-expression matching can be performed concurrently for up to 50 rules. So the extracted entities are from GATE  , list or regular expression matching. We also write some regular expression to match some type of entities . The regular expression specifies the characters that can be included in a valid token. A regular expression is used to segment a piece of text to tokens. Finally  , we summarize these properties in order to generate the regular expression. We distinguish two types of path expressions: simple path expression SPE and regular path expression RPE. The # sign denotes arbitrary occurrences of any regular expressions. A content expression is simply a regular expression ρ over the set of tokens ∆. Content expressions. The PATTERN clause is similar to a regular expression. Each event expression consists of two clauses. This is done by interpreting the regular expression as an expression over an algebra of functions. First the summary function of the call node must be computed from the regular expression for the arc language of the called prime program . Since XQuery does not support regular path expressions  , the user must express regular path expressions by defining user-defined structurally recursive functions. Regular path expression. In particular  , the occurrence of the regular expression operators concatenation  , disjunction +  , zero-or-one  ? Synthetic expression generation. But the problem of automatic regular expression grammar inference is known to be difficult and we generally cannot obtain a regular expression grammar using only positive samples 13  , like in our case. It is not difficult to see that a regular expression exists for the tag paths in Table 1. ADT a is an automatic aggregation of the list of ADTs b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a commuted regular expression of the regular expression formed by concatenating the elements in the list of ADTs b. b: Here b is an ordered list of two or more ADTs. Yet easier  , PCRE the most widespread regular expression engine supports callouts 20   , external functions that can be attached to regular expression markers and are invoked when the engine encounter them. at which character position  an expected markup structure is missing. Thus  , each occurrence of the regular expression represents one data object from the web page. Therefore  , once we obtain the occurrences of the regular expression in the token sequences  , we need to restore the original text strings. The second most matched rule is another regular expression that resulted in another 11% of the rule matches. The most-matched rule is a long regular expression with many alternations that resulted in 56% of the rule matches. For the sketched example the regular expression should allow any character instead of the accent leading to the regular expression " M.{1 ,2}ller " instead of solely " Müller " . For example " Müller " can also be spelled as " Muller " or " Mueller " . As already noted  , a pure regular expression that expresses permutations must have exponential size. By conjuncting these expressions together  , we obtain a regular expression with conjunctions that expresses permutations and has size On2. The code is inefficient because creating the regular expression is an expensive operation that is repeatedly executed. For the above example  , the developers compute the regular expression once and store it into a variable: The obtained regular expression can be applied with the appropriate flags such as multi-line support and with appropriate string delimiters to instance pages to check for template matching. * in popular regular expression syntaxes. For example  , here is the regular expression for the " transmit " relationship between two Documents: Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. The implementation of the regular-expression matching module is described in more detail in the paper by Brodie  , Taylor  , and Cytron 5. This regular expression is then applied on the sentences extracted by the search engine for 2 purposes: i. To handle this 1-n generation  , we found it convenient to code the set of candidate answers using a regular expression. Such a template can be converted to a non deterministic regular expression by replacing hole markers with blocks of " any character sequence " which would be . For example  , the output of the function md5 is approximated with the regular expression  , 0-9a-f{32}  , representing 32- character hexadecimal numbers. The output of some string operations is reasonably approximated by a regular expression. We utilize regular expression matching for both sources of URLs. The former is a more reliable source although mistakes/typos from the authors can occur while the latter relies heavily on the performance of regular expression matching to identify URLs. Each print statement has as argument a relational expression   , with possibly some free occurrences of attributes. The expression " @regexx " evaluates to true iff x matches the regular expression regex i.e. , @regex denotes the set of all strings that match the regular expression regex. For example  , while an expression can be defined to match any sequence of values that can be described by a regular expression  , the language does not provide for a more sophisticated notion of attribute value restrictions. While techniques have been introduced for mining sequential patterns given regular expression constraints 9 ,10  , the expression constraints in these works are best suited for matching a value pattern. For brevity  , we omit nodes in a regular expression unless required  , and simply describe path expressions in terms of regular expressions over edge labels. . Regular expressions and XQuery types are naturally represented using trees. An XQuery type e.g. , xs:integer | xs:string* can be represented as a regular expression . Quite complex textual objects can be specified by regular expressions. — The TOMS automatically constructs a recognize function by using a pattemmatcher driven by a user's regular expression13. However  , the language model would often make mistakes that the regular expression classifier would judge correctly. Neither method regular expressions or language model for classifying questions was ideal. The first regular expression to match defines the component parts of that section. Finally  , successive regular expressions are applied from the most to least specific to these sections. in these strings. This subtext is then parsed and a regular expression generated. Table 2 4. Extract all multi-word terms using the predefined regular expression rules. 1. The latest comment prior to closing the pull request matches the regular expression above. 4. for sequencing have their usual meaning. Generally  , these regular expressions are interpreted exactly as in other semistructured query languages  , and the usual regular expression operations +  , *  ,  ? ,   , and . The XML specification requires regular expressions to be deterministic. The regular expression da is also referred to as the element definition or content model of a. Furthermore we utilized regular expressions  , adopted from Ritter et al. indicating an expression of strong feelings. Extraction generates minimal nonoverlapping substrings. Refer to 22 for a Java regular expression library. These patterns are expressed in regular expression. Here are some examples of our patterns: P1. Due to the lack of real-world data  , we have developed a synthetic regular expression generator that is parameterized for flexibility. The construction resembles that of an automaton for a regular expression. Given an event expression  , E  , we now show how to build an automaton Ms. SPE are path expressions that consist of only element or attribute names. As usual  , we write Lr for the language defined by regular expression r. The class of all regular expressions is actually too large for our purposes  , as both DTDs and XSDs require the regular expressions occurring in them to be deterministic also sometimes called one-unambiguous 15 . Note that the empty language ∅ is not allowed as basic expression. Or it may be possible that the required regular expression is too complicated to write. It should be pointed out that some operations sequences are non-regular in the sense that they cannot be specified by regular expres- sions. Most of the learning of regular languages from positive examples in the computational learning community is directed towards inference of automata as opposed to inference of regular expressions 5  , 43  , 48. Regular expression inference. Thus  , semantically  , the class of deterministic regular expressions forms a strict subclass of the class of all regular expressions. Not every nondeterministic regular expression is equivalent to a deterministic one 15. As Glusta also uses regular expressions when the user needs to specify additional fitness factors as in the HyperCast experiment  , we will investigate optimizations for our regular expression matching also. 19  , it says regular expression matching is a large portion of the Reflexion Model's performance. Moreover  , the preg_match function in PHP does not only check if a given input matches the given regular expression but it also computes all the substrings that match the parenthesized subexpressions of the given regular expression. Hence  , we may end up with very large regular expressions. Operation LaMa is the basis for interpreting regular expressions of descriptors. We first tried the regular-expression-based matching approach . Match Generation: There are two ways of doing matching: 1 Regular-expression-based matching: Generate a regular expression from the vulnerability signature automaton and then use the PHP function preg_match to check if the input matches the generated regular expression  , or 2 Automata-simulation-based matching: Generate code that  , given an input string  , simulates the vulnerability signature automaton to determine if the input string is accepted by the vulnerability signature automaton  , i.e. , if the input string matches the vulnerability signature. To this end  , we generate and then try to apply two types of patterns  , expressed in terms of a regular expression: one is aimed at describing author names the element regular expression  , or EREG  , and the other aimed at describing groups of delimiters between names the glue characters regular expression or GREG. and D. Knuth  , Ph. D. "   , a usual case in fields other than computer science. We attempt to extract author names both by means of matches of the generated EREG  , or extracting the text appearing in between two matches of a GREG. Two methods are also given for detecting the data flow anomalies without directly computing the regular expression for the paths. The teehnique's inspiration comes from the use of the regular expression for the paths in a program as a suitably interpreted A expression. During evaluation of this expression  , the descriptor person would only match a label person on an edge. For example  , in the regular expression person | employee.name ? , the descriptors  , the basic building blocks of the regular expression  , are person   , employee  , and name. Like the generic relationship  , aggregation does not have a userdefined counterpart because the user must define aggregation in the syntax. ADT a is an automatic aggregation of the list of ADTs b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a commuted regular expression of the regular expression formed by concatenating the elements in the list of ADTs b. Definition 5. The regular expression r2 = Σ + σ1Σ +   , in contrast  , was not derivable by iDRegEx from small samples. All machines have a nonaccepting start-state. AutoRE 21 outputs regular expression signatures for spam detection. 14 generate signatures to detect HTTP-based malware e.g. , bots. For the example mentioned above  , our code produces the regular expression fs.\.*\.impl. * to handle dynamic inputs. Empty string K is a valid regular expression. Next  , we show how this atomic formula can be expressed in SRPQs. A regular expression r is single occurrence if every element name occurs at most once in it. Definition 3. Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. The heuristic rules allow creating user-defined types. Three runs were submitted for the QA track. We present a relatively simple QA framework based on regular expression rewriting. Works such as 7  , 29  , 23 use regular-expression-like syntax to denote event patterns. 19  , 22  , 14. For every group  , a regular expression is identified. The question type is identified for a group of question cue phrases. Deciding whether R is not restricted is NP- complete. THEOREM 3.2: Let R be a regular expression over alphabet 0. The following regular expression describes all possibilities: By continuing in this manner  , an arbitrarily long connection can be sustained. For notational simplicity  , we assume that each regular expression in a conjunctive query Q is distinct. 2.5. Also relevant are the XSD inference systems 12  , 20  , 34 that  , as already mentioned  , rely on the same methods for learning regular expressions as DTD inference. Hence for most of the paper we restrict ourselves to using approximate regular expression matching 15  , which can easily be specified using weighted regular transducers 9. They also make the agorithms more difficult to explain. A formalism regular expressions for tagged text  , RETT for developing such rules was created. The module is based on a set of regular-expression-like rules  , that match a certain context and replace found erroneous tag with a correct one. This crude classifier of signal tweets based on regular expression matching turns out to be sufficient. Second  , we identify a set of regular expressions that define the set of signal tweets. Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. They address the issue of equivalence decidability of regular path queries under such constraints. A sample S covers a deterministic regular expression r if it covers the automaton obtained from S using the Glushkov construction for translating regular expressions into automata 14. Such a word w is called a witness for s  , t. One alternative considered in the design of XJ was to allow programmers the use of regular expression types in declarations. XML Schema supports a richer notion of types than Java  , based primarily on regular expressions. a feature that is supported by all major regular expression implementations and a posteriori checking for empty groups can be used to identify where i.e. *-delimited blocks of the generated regular expressions can be wrapped in optional groups .. ? The fourth column lists the feature on which the regular expression or gazetteer as the case may be is evaluated. The third column lists some example regular expressions or gazetteer entries as the case may be. Let's start with the weakest template class  , type 3 regular grammars 16The more common regular expression equivalent provides an easier way to think about regular templates. This section defines restricted classes of templates corresponding to the Chomsky type 1.3 generational grammars 1 : contextsensitive   , context-free  , and regular. All 49 regular expressions were successfully derived by iDRegEx. In other words  , the goal of our first experiment is to derive   , from a corpus of XSD definitions  , the regular expression content models in the schema for XML Schema Definitions 3 . Therefore  , we extend the regular expressions developed by Bacchelli et al 4  , 5 to the following regular expression code take the class named " Control " for the example: DragSource- Listener " . The OM regex contained 102 regular expressions of varying length. The format of OM regex is consistent with other lexicons in that each entry is composed of a regular expression and associated polarity and strength. We apply  , in order of precedence  , this sequence of regular expressions to each token from the token sequence previously obtained  , giving us the symbol sequence: x1  , . By using the named entities already tagged in the document  , the system can create a number of actual regular expressions  , substituting suitable types into the ANSWER and OBJECT locations. A permutation expression is such an example. It is well known that adding " and " to regular expressions does not increase the expressive power of regular expressions but does permit more compact expressions see Chapter 3 exercises in 7 . This generic representation is called a Navigation Pattern NP. This generic representation is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links occurring in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages. The items are then extracted in a table format by parsing the Web page to the discovered regular patterns. DeLa discovers repeated patterns of the HTML tags within a Web page and expresses these repeated patterns with regular expression. This generic representation  , is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages. Thus  , we will use regular expressions to specify the history component of a guard. This is captured by the regular expression guard shown at the top of the SndReq lifeline in Figure 1a. However  , regular expressions are not very robust with respect to layout variations and structural changes that occur frequently in Web sites. Several approaches such as 2  , 3  , 11 use regular-expression matching on HTML documents. Second  , some text may happen to match a regular expression by coincidence but still the document may fail to support the answer. First of all  , good answers phrased in unfamiliar terms may not be covered by the regular expressions. Regular expressions were developed to pattern match sentence construction for common question types. We maintained a data store of basic regular expression formats  , suitable substitution types  , an allowable answer type  , and a generic question format for the particular rela- tion. Regular expressions REs are recursively defined as follows: every alphabet symbol a ∈ Σ is a regular expression. In the rest of the paper Σ is a finite alphabet of symbols also called element names. The first one accepts the regular language defined by the original path expression  , while the second one accepts the reversed language  , which is also regular. For each instance of the iterator created for a path pattern  , two DFAs are constructed. The regular expression rules are sensitive to text variations and the need for the user to come up with markup rules can limit GoldenGATE's application. The user  , however  , is free to come up with regular expression rules to mark up a description to any detailed level. One approach for automatic categorization is achieved by deriving taxonomy correspondences from given attribute values or parts thereof as specified via a regular expression pattern. We use regular expression and query patterns or incorporate user-supplied scripts to match and create terms. All the suggestions provided by the spell-checker are matched with this regular expression  , and only the first one that matches is selected  , otherwise the mispelled word is left unchanged. For example  , given the aligned outputs: a λασεν  , b λαστν and c λασ ν  , the regular expression generated is /λασετ ?ν/. Then an XPath with a regular expression that tests if all text snippets with this particular structure are marked up as dates is a suitable means to test whether or not the step that marks up dates has been executed. Further  , suppose that this tool uses regular expression patterns to recognize dates based on their distinctive syntactical structure. For our running example  , we obtain the three regular expressions: We further refer to the hostnames and IP addresses in HIC1. The size of the regular expression generated from the vulnerability signature automaton can be exponential in the number of states of the automaton 10. An XSD is single occurrence if it contains only single occurrence regular expressions. Consider  , for example  , the classifier that identifies SD. Specifically  , positive pattern matches are carefully constructed regular expression patterns and gazetteer lookups while negative pattern matches are regular expressions based on the gazetteer. In other words  , each language described by a regular expression can also be generated by an appropriate grammar G∈C 3 and viceversa . We focus on the least powerful grammar category C 3 and the corresponding language category  , which has been shown to be equal to the one defined by the regular expression formalism. The descriptor is typically a single word or phrase that is compared  , using string comparison   , to the label. A string path definition spd is a regular expression possibly containing some variables variable Y indicated by \varY  which appear in some concept predicate of the corresponding rule. One can express that a string source must match a given regular expression. The best regular expression in the candidate set C is now the deterministic one that minimizes both model and data encoding cost. The complexity of a regular expression  , i.e. , its model encoding cost  , is simply taken to be its length  , thereby preferring shorter expressions over longer ones. Thus  , this regular expression is used. In the case of the tokens in columnˆficolumnˆ columnˆfi75  , notice that the tokens " 8 " and " D " match distinct leafs in the Regex tree and the deepest common ancestor corresponds to the node whose regular expression is " \w " . For instance  , the Alembic workbench 1 contains a sentence splitting module which employs over 100 regular-expression rules written in Flex. The rule based systems use manually built rules which are usually encoded in terms of regular expression grammars supplemented with lists of abbreviations  , common words  , proper names  , etc. Contrarily  , the idea behind our solution is to focus on the input dataset and the given regular expression. Previous approaches 5  , 1  , 6  to solve Problem 1 were focusing on its search space  , exploiting in different ways the pruning power of the regular expression R over unpromising patterns. The property verification is restricted to the users that belong to the specified class  , and that matches the regular expression in the scope of the property. More precisely  , the first part of the scope i.e. , name is the name of a user class as specified with the classifiers  , for instance  , a userAgent  , while the second part i.e. , regex corresponds to a regular expression. For a regular expression r over elements   , we denote by r the regular expression obtained from r by replacing every ith a-element in r counting from left to right by ai. We discuss the latter notion a bit more formally as it returns in the specification of XML Schema in the form of the Unique Particle Attribution rule. We therefore configured the Gigascope to only try the regular expression match for DirectConnect if the fixed offset fields match. For example  , to identify the DirectConnect protocol we need to perform a regular expression match for: However  , we also know that the first byte of the DirectConnect TCP payload needs to be 36 and the last byte 124. This can be useful in representing word tokens that correspond to fields like Model and Attribute. where xt ∼ r means that xt matches the regular expression r. For example  , sd700  , sd800 and sd850 all match the regular expression " a-z+0-9+ " in the pattern matching language. In fact  , a regular expression may be a very selective kind of syntactical constraint  , for which large fraction of an input sequence may result useless w.r.t. If the regular expression matches an instance it is safe to return a validity assessment. This led us to develop a dynamic substitution system  , whereby a generic regular expression was populated at runtime using the tagged contents of the sentence it was being applied to. Each operator takes a regular expression as an argument  , and the words generated by the expression serve as patterns that direct how lists should be shuffled together or picked apart. The authors propose two powerful operators  , called I&-operations  , which are based on regular languages and which define a family of list merging and extracting operations. Regular-Expression Matching: XTM provides the ability to search for text that matches a set of rules or patterns  , such as looking for phone numbers  , email addresses  , social-security numbers   , monetary values  , etc. A wildcard in a regular expression is associated in the SMA to a transition without a proper label: in other terms  , a transition that matches any signal  , and thus it fires at every iteration. To handle these kind of patterns we must allow wildcards in the regular expression. Such a query can be encoded as a regular expression with each Ri combined using an " OR " clause and this regular expression based query can be issued as an advanced search to a search engine. Rn  , where M is the main query and each Ri is a supporting term. The composite query is most useful when each Ri represents a specific aspect of the main query M and the individual supporting terms are not directly related. Context patterns are used to impose constraints on the context of an element. The element content is constrained by a content expression   , that is  , a regular expression over element definitions. This corresponds to a standard HTML definition of links on pages. We used a Perl expression to find all links on a page  , with a regular expression that matched <a href= .. /a>. The difference is that the thing to be extracted is defined by the expression  , not the component itself. The regular expression extractor acts in a similar way as the name extractor. An algebraic system A is developed that is specialized for detecting data flow anomalies. One of the benefits of our visual notation is encapsulation. The regular expression is a simple example for an expression that would be applied to the content part of a message. We note that xtract also uses the MDL principle to choose the best expression from a set of candidates. xtract 31 is another regular expression learning system with similar goals. It is well-known that the permutation expression can be compacted a bit to exponential size but no further compaction is possible in regular expression notation. The straightforward approach of listing all such possible strings grows factorially. We will refer to a triple of such a regular expression and the source and destination nodes as a P-Expression e.g. Then  , we can summarize the paths from x to z as p 1 ∪ p 2  p 3 . Equivalently  , an expression is deterministic if the Glushkovconstruction translates it into a deterministic finite automaton rather than a non-deterministic one 15 . A walk expression is a regular expression without union  , whose language contains only alternating sequences of node and edge types  , starting and ending with a node type. It uses a data model where walks are the basic objects. Concatenation   , alternation  , and transitive closure are interpreted as function composition  , union  , and function transitive closure respectfully. us* as part of a GRE query on a db-graph labelled with predicate symbol r. The following Datalog program P is that constructed from the expression tree of R. Consider the regular expression R = ~1 us . Theregn.larexptekonmustbechoseninsuchawaythat itdefinesaconnectedgtaph ,thatis ,apathtype. A path type is a quadruple G  , p  , s  , F where  Bssentially a link expression LE is a regular expression over class names which must belong to link classes. The state machine inside the rule is instantiated for different client/server combinations and is the rule's memory. An element definition specifies a pair consisting of an element name and a constraint. The offer expression stands out with relatively good precision for a single feature. The results also show that the regular expression and statistical features e.g. , proportion of upper case characters that we tested are not good indicators of spam. We will generate candidate URL patterns by replacing one segment with a regular expression each time. Step 1: Segment the non-domain part of each URL with " / " . From these  , URLs were extracted using a simple regular expression . We used 'http' as the keyword to target only tweets containing links. We now define its semantics. An extended context-free grammar d is a set of rules that map each m ∈ M to a regular expression over M . The terminal symbols are primitive design steps. Williams 1988   , for example  , illustrates how JSD could be defined as a regular expression see  , Figure 9b. Our work is capable of locating more complex properties. When viewed as a specification pattern  , these rules take the form of the regular expression a + b. For guard inference we choose a finite set of regular expression templates . 3 Σ * AB: The last two actions taken are A and B. We extracted around 8.8 million distinctive phone entity instances and around 4.6 million distinctive email entity instances. They are extracted based on a set of regular expression rules. The regular expression in this example is a sequence of descriptors. Recall that ROOTS is the set of edges from ²ÖÓÓØ to roots in the semistructure. ate substrings of the example values using the structure. A regular expression domain can infer a structure of $0-9 ,Parsing is easy because of consistent delimiter. A substring of the elementtext of an HTML tree is denoted as string source. This template can be utilized to identify other classes of transaction annotators. The regular expression is evaluated over the document text. A key aspect in identifying patient cohorts is the resolution of demographic information. Gender and ethnicity is extracted using a set of regular expression rules. Comments represent a candidate items. Useful information  , including name  , homepage  , rate and comment  , should be separated from web pages by regular expression. Both can be applied for annotating a text document automatically. The GoldenGATE editor natively provides basic NLP functionality like gazetteer Lists and Regular Expression patterns. \Ye note that the inverse in the above expression exists a t regular points. The time derivative of the fuiiction is where b is arbitrary. It consisted of several regular expression operations without any loops or branches. However  , the code we wrote for bobWeather was straightforward . We discuss the method used to obtain accepting regular expressions as well as the ranking heuristics below. The final output is the quantified expression Q.g re . In contrast  , our goal in this paper is to infer the more general class of deterministic expressions . Example of the possible rule: person_title_np = listi_personWord src_  , hum_Cap2+ src_  , $setHUM_PERSON/2 Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. We apply the concepts of modular grammar and just-in-time annotation to RegExprewrite rules. We assign scores to each entity extracted  , and rank entities according to their scores. A text window surrounding the target citation  ,  We then wrote a regular expression rules to extract all possible citations from paper's full text. Moreover  , no elements are repeated in any of the definitions. It is interesting to note that only the regular expression for authors is not a CHARE. Results are not displayed in the browser assistant but in the browser itself. This is a database querying facility  , with regular expression search on titles  , comments and URLs. Slurp|bingbot|Googlebot. 2 In addition  , we removed all requests that supposedly come from web bots  , using the regular expression . *Yahoo! For example  , the first row describes an example pattern to identify candidate transactional objects . One path corresponds to one capturing group in the regular expression indicated with parentheses. There is one mapping path in the example. For example  , the Gnutella data download signature can be expressed as: 'ˆServer:|User-Agent: \t*LimeWire| BearShare|Gnucleus|Morpheus|XoloX| gtk-gnutella|Mutella|MyNapster|Qtella| AquaLime|NapShare|Comback|PHEX|SwapNut| FreeWire|Openext|Toadnode' Due to the fact that it is expensive to perform full regular expression matches over all TCP payloads we exploit the fact that the required regular expression matches are of a limited variety. Using this approach all variable matches we need to perform can be expressed as a regular expression match over TCP payloads. The argument to the PATH-IS function is a regular expression made up from operation names. This pattern may be repeated any number of times. Attk is a regular expression represented as a DFA. Sink denotes the nodes that are associated with sensitive functions that might lead to vulnerabilities . The sentence chains displayed include a node called notify method. Thus  , the developer decides to perform a regular expression query for *notif*. Match chooses a set of paths from the semistructure that match a user-given path regular expression . Several new operations are needed to manipulate labels with properties. On this corpus  , we target at two entity types: phone and email. The other characters are used as delimiters between tokens. Internal link checks are not yet implemented. Possibilities are  , for instance  , to use the current projects base URI or regular expression-based techniques. Finally  , all other numbers are identified with an in-house system based on regular expression grammars. Temporal entities and percents are recognized with the Alembic system 1. Possible patterns of references are enumerated manually and combined into a finite automaton. Notice that a regular expression has an equivalent automaton. Intent generation and ranking. We tag entities using a regular expression tagger  , a trie-based tagger and a scalable n-gram tagger 14. Nonetheless  , POS tags alone cannot produce high-quality results. Many works on key term identification apply either fixed or regular expression POS tag patterns to improve their effectiveness . By correlating drive-by download samples  , we propose a novel method to generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs to detect drive-by downloads. 2. A conversation specification for S is a specification S e.g. , by regular expression  , finite state automaton  , intertask dependencies  , etc. Let S = M  , P  , C be an ec-schema. Therefore we believe that the required amount of manual work for developers is rea- sonable. However  , this approach ends up being very inefficient due to the implementation of preg_match in PHP. Changing to the push model would likely require modifications to the notification mechanism. Generating the full question was done in the following way: We start with the original question. and generating full questions is based on regular expression rewriting rules. We use WordNet and some Web resources to find list of entities and tag their type. Think of a tool that marks up dates. Parsing is doable despite no good delimiter . We now detail the procedure used to generate a pattern that represents a set of URLs. In a work by Murphy et al. In the first attempt  , we defined three different detection methods: maximum entropy  , regular expression  , and closed world list. Therefore  , each data category is associated with a detection method. Note: schema:birthDate and schema:deathDate are derived from the same subfield using the supplied regular expression. Creative- Work " implies all schema.org children  , such as Book  , Map  , and MusicAlbum. New features integrate easily through a resource manager interface. REFERENCE The result shows that the structure completely supports regular expression functions and the Snort rule set at the frequency of 3.68GHz. In order to implement the match-and-block and matchand-sanitize strategies we need to generate code for the match and replace statements. Second  , the editing is often conditional on the surrounding context. First  , the string being searched for is often not constant and instead requires regular expression matching. Moves consist of matching case  , matching whole word  , Boolean operator  , wild card  , and regular expression. The " keyword " problem space's states are all search strings and search results. The distribution of hosts in the initial URL set are illustrated in Figure 2 . Rewrite Operation and Normalization Rule. For each node  , both the key-value pairs and the regular expression of the corresponding URL pattern are illustrated. For a variable  , we can specify its type or a regular expression representing its value. The specification consists of two parts: specification of variables and functions. We build a system called ARROW to automatically generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs and evaluate the effectiveness of these signa- tures. Compared to these methods   , ARROW mainly differentiates itself by detecting a different attack a.k.a  , drive-by download. The generated predicate becomes two kinds of the following. Moreover  , these are expressed by the data type and the regular expression of XML schema. Cho and Rajagopalan build a multigram index over a corpus to support fast regular expression matching 9 . The most related work is in the area of index design. defined in Section II-D with each g re from the set of regular expression templates RELib˜pRELib˜ RELib˜p . Having identified a set of constraints This involves redefining how labels are matched in the evaluation of an expression . Second  , path regular expressions must be generalized to support labels with properties and required properties. These candidate phrases could eventually turn out to be true product names. Candidate phrases are phrases that match a pre-defined set of regular expression patterns. * ?/ in Perl regular expression syntax for the abbreviation î that is used to search a database of known inflected forms of Latin literature. /. * ?i. on a Wikipedia page are extracted by means of a recursive regular expression. We are currently working on improving class membership detection. The quantifier defines how many nodes within the set must be connected to the single node by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. A set regular path query Q Ξ‚ Ð R describes a relation between a set and a single node  , based on a regular expression R together with an quantifier Ξ. For clarity we used the types regular-dvd and discount-dvd rather than the cryptic types dvd 1 and dvd 2 of Example 3. Intuitively  , a dvd element is a regular-dvd discount-dvd when its parent label is regulars discounts; its content model is then determined by the regular expression title price title price discount. Regular expressions can express a number of strings that the be language cannot  , but be types can be generated from type recognizers that can be far more complex than regular expressions. The resulting  , much smaller  , document set is then examined with a full-power regular expression parser. Moreover  , we show that each regular XPATH expression can be rewritten to a sequence of equivalent SQL queries with the LFP operator. We show that regular XPATH queries are capable of expressing a large class of XPATH queries over a recursive DTD D. That is  , regular XPATH expressions capture both DTD recursion and XPATH recursion in a uniform framework. In the current framework  , using XPath as a pattern language  , the SDTD of Example 3 is equivalent to the following schema: Here  , Types = {discount-dvd  , regular-dvd}. The quantifier defines to how many nodes from the set the single node must be connected by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. A set regular path query Q ‚Ξ Ð R describes a relation between a single node and a set  , based on a regular expression R together with a quantifier Ξ. The quantifiers define how many nodes from within the " left " set must be connected to how many nodes from the " right " set by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. A set regular path query Q ΞΨ Ð R describes a relation between two sets  , based on a regular expression R together with two quantifiers Ξ and Ψ. However  , RML provides in addition an operator for transitive closure  , an operator for regular-expression matching   , and operators for comparison of relations  , but does not include functions. The core construct of the language is the relational expression   , which is similar to an expression in first-order predicate logic. In general  , l in Definition 3.1 could be a component of a generalized path expression  , but we have simplified the definition for presentation purposes in this paper. Also  , a simple path expression may contain a regular expression or " wildcards " as described in AQM + 97. To define when a region in a tokenized table T is valid with respect to content expression ρ  , let us first introduce the following order on coordinates. ε and ∅ are two atomic regular expressions denoting empty string and empty set resp. A path expression of type s  , d  , P Es  , d  , is a triple s  , d  , R  , where R is a regular expression over the set of labeled edges Γ ,EG defined using the standard operators union∪  , concatenation and closure *  such that the language LR of R represents paths from s to d where s  , d ∈ VG. In practice  , many regular expression guards of transactions are vacuous leading to a small number of partitions. As described in the preceding  , H p is the set of minimal DFAs accepting the regular expression guards of the various roles of different transactions played by class p. Note that the maximum number of behavioral partitions does not depend on the number of objects in a class. An attribute condition is a triple specifying a required name  , a required value a string  , or in case the third parameter is regvar  , a regular expression possibly containing some variables indicated by \var  , and a special parameter exact  , substr or regvar  , indicating that the attribute value is exactly the required string  , is a superstring of it  , or matches the given regular expression  , respectively. They pose requirements on occurring attributes and their values. However  , allowing edit operations such as insertions of symbols and inverted symbols indicated by using '−' as a superscript to the symbol and corresponding to matching an edge in the reverse direction  , each at an assumed cost of 1  , the regular expression airplane can be successively relaxed to the regular expression name − · airplane · name  , which captures as answers the city names of Temuco and Chillan. The query does not return any answers because it does not match the structure of the graph. In particular all of the signatures we need to evaluate can be expressed as stringset1. To do this  , we used a regular expression to check the mention of contexts in the document – that is  , the pair city  , state mentioned above –  , along with another regular expression checking if the city was mentioned near another state different from the target state. We decided not to keep such documents as they could potentially consist of lists of city names  , which we believe would provide zero interest to any user. In this section we will introduce the notion of the approximate automaton of a regular expression R: the approximate automaton of R at distance d  , where d is an integer  , accepts all strings at distance at most d from R. For any regular expression R we can construct an NFA M R to recognise LR using Thompson's construction. The following lemma shows two basic properties of the approximate automaton. Thus we have arrived at the following method for detecting anomalies in a program with flowchart G. Let R be the regular expression for the paths in G. R may be mapped into an expression E in A where the node identifiers are replaced by the elements of A that represent the variable usage. The next section discuss some properties of A; after which two methods of using A are presented that do not require that the regular expression for the paths be computed explicitly. Paraphrasing  , INSTANCE matches each optional sequence of arbitrary characters ¥ w+ tagged as a determiner DT  , followed optionally by a sequence of small letters a-z + tagged as an adjective JJ  , followed by an expression matching the regular expression denoted by PRE  , which in turn can be optionally followed by an expression matching the concatenation of MID and POST. 2 Then we split the text into sentences and interpret as an instance every string which matches the following pattern:  These expressions are intended to be interpreted as standard regular expressions over words and their corresponding part-of-speech tags  , which are indicated in curly brackets. The outcome is that entities which share the same normal form characterized by a sequence of token level regular expressions may all be grouped together. That is  , each of these normalization rules takes as input a single token and maps it to a more general class  , all of which are accepted by the regular expression. Definition 2. Since deterministic regular expressions like a * define infinite languages  , and since every non-empty finite language can be defined by a deterministic expression as we show in the full version of this paper 9  , it follows that also the class of deterministic regular expressions is not learnable in the limit. In the second phase  , navigation pattern generation  , the goal is to create a generic representation of the TPM. In fact  , he showed that every class of regular expressions that contains all non-empty finite languages and at least one infinite language is not learnable in the limit from positive data. Recall that the PATH-IS function accepts an argument which is a regular expression  , say R. It turns out that it has an implicit formal parameter s which is a string made up by concatenating integers between 1 and m. Therefore  , the PATH-IS function really denotes the following question: Does s belong to the regular set R ? q~.0 ,~.l ,. We are however not interested in abstract structures like regular expressions   , but rather in structures in terms of user-defined domains . This is similar to the problem of inferring regular expression structures from examples  , that has been addressed in the machine learning literature e.g. , 20  , 5 . In contrast  , the methods in 9  first generate a finite automaton for each element name which in a second step is rewritten into a concise regular expression. XTract 25  , 36 generates candidate regular expressions for each element name selecting the best one using the Minimum Description Length MDL principle. In examples  , we use the short hand a → r to define the rule a  , //a ⇒ r specifying that the children of every aelement should match regular expression r. Example 5. An SDTD is restrained competition iff all regular expressions occurring in rules restrain competi- tion. A regular expression r over Types restrains competition if there are no strings wa i v and wa j v ′ in Lr with i = j. The present paper presents a method to reliably learn regular expressions that are far more complex than the classes of expressions previously considered in the literature. So  , the effectiveness of DTD or XSD schema learning al-gorithms is strongly determined by the accuracy of the employed regular expression learning method. Without loss of generality   , we assume that the server name is always given as a single regular expression. A server name directive that may contain one or more fully qualified domain names or regular expressions defining a class of domain names. In this paper  , we take an approach of normalizing entity names based on " token level " regular expressions. Each rule is represented by a regular expression  , and to the usual set of operators we added the operator →  , simple transduction  , such that a → b means that the terminal symbol a is transformed into the terminal symbol b. These rules are specified using a finite-state grammar whose syntax is similar to the Backus-Naur-form augmented with regular expressions. In order to study whether those results are meaningful  , we pick the regular expression CPxxAI as an example and search sequence alignments where the pattern appears. The word pairs with highest association scores are {AI+4  , CP+0}  , {PG- 1 ,GH+0}  , {EE-4 ,EL-3} and the corresponding regular expressions are CPxxAI  , PGH  , EEL. The edit operations which we allow in approximate matching are insertions  , deletions and substitutions of symbols  , along with insertions of inverted symbols corresponding to edge reversals and transpositions of adjacent symbols  , each with an assumed cost of 1. Keeping this in mind  , we briefly cite the well-known inductive definition of the set of regular expressions EXP T over an alphabet T and their associated languages: Now we are ready for motivating our choice to capture the semantics of ODX by regular grammars. To round out the OM regex  , regular expressions that simulate misspellings by vowel substitutions e.g. , luv as well as regular expressions for capturing compound morphing are constructed from HF and Wilson terms  , applied to the LF term set  , and refined iteratively in a manner similar to the repeat-character refinement steps describe above. For write effects  , we give the starting points for both objects and the regular expressions for the paths. We use the notation that af denotes the class in which the field f is declared as an instance variable  , and For read or role transition effects  , we record the starting point and regular expression for the path to the object. A good analogy for path summarization is that of representing the set of strings in a regular language using a regular expression. We use the term " summaries " to imply a concise representation of path information as opposed to an enumerated listing of paths. Although the successful inference of the real-world expressions in Section 5.1 suggests that iDRegEx is applicable in real-world scenarios  , we further test its behavior on a sizable and diverse set of regular expressions. Examples of patterns that we used are given below using the syntax of Java regular expressions 9: Essentially  , these patterns match titles that contain phrases such as " John Smith's home page "   , " Lenovo Intranet "   , or " Autonomic Computing Home " . LAt extracts titles from web pages and applies a carefully crafted set of regular expression patterns to these titles. By considering traces that are beyond the current historical data  , the ranking criteria rank impl and rank lkl encourage the reuse of regular expressions across multiple events in the mined specification. With these heuristics we aim for an accurate regular expression that is also simple and easy to understand. Column and table names can be demoted into column values using special characters in regular expressions; these are useful in conjunction with the Fold transform described below. We provide built-in functions for common operations like regular-expression based substitutions and arithmetic operations  , but also allow user defined functions. In 45   , several approaches to generate probabilistic string automata representing regular expressions are proposed. As an example  , figure references in the example collection see Figure 3 are 5-digit numbers which are easily recognizable by a simple regular expression. In cases where the semantic entities has a simple form  , writing hand-crafted rules in the form of regular expressions can be sufficient for capturing entities in the source documents. The authors showed that in general case finding all simple paths matching a given regular expression is NP-Complete  , whereas in special cases it can be tractable. The complexity of finding regular paths in graphs was investigated in 15 and 7. Instead  , for technical reasons  , we define the semantics of an ODX ECU-VARIANT directly as a pair of regular grammars G A  ,G C  generating sets A and C. We generate the domain names for the hostnames and replace HIC1 using the domain names and IP addresses to get the regular expression signatures. Briefly  , the simplest and most practical mechanism for recognizing patterns specified using regular expressions is a Finite State Machine FSM. Both steps rely primarily on checking for the existence of positive patterns and verifying the absence of negative patterns Figure 2and 3. The path search uses the steps from the bidirectional BFS to grow the frontiers of entities used to connect paths. Such queries can be implemented using the general FORSEQ clause by specifying the relevant patterns i.e. , regular expressions in the WHERE clause of the general FORSEQ expression. In those use cases  , regular expressions are needed in order to find patterns in the input stream. Figure 7shows the distribution of question deletion initiator moderator or author on Stack Overflow. We download the unique web pages of deleted questions in our experimental dataset and employ a regular expression to extract this information. Christian   , Liberal  , sometimes we had to use regular expression matching to extract the relevant information. Although the great majority of users simply have the typical religion/party/philosophy names in those fields e.g. For the above example  , the developers compute the regular expression once and store it into a variable: The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. , through memoization 42. The Operator calculates which HTTP requests should have their responses bundled and is called when the Tester matches a request. The Tester is a set of regular expression patterns that match the URL of the first request in an SHRS. Finally  , the Analyzer generates code for the Operator that uses the regular expression http://weather ?city=. So  , the approach determines that h2 and h3 are decisive semi-constant HTTP requests. The input to this pre-condition computation will be a DFA that accepts the attack strings characterized by the regular expression given above. The crucial step is the precondition computation for the statement in line 4. tion is equally likely and the probability to have zero or one occurrences for the zero-or-one operator  ? In particular  , each operand in a Figure 4 : From a regular expression to a probabilistic automaton. Our position is that the declarations needed for regular expression types are too complex  , with little added practical value in terms of typing. For example   , " Sequence<item+> " would refer to a list of one-or-more items.  The output of some string operations is reasonably approximated by a regular expression. Any pushdown transducer is conservatively approximated by a transducer that forgets the stack of the pushdown transducer. Our analyzer dynamically constructs the transducers described above for a grammar with regular expression functions and translates it into a context-free grammar. Then  , the method above is applied for each pattern string. For some applications  , the running time performance of the SSNE detector can be a crucial factor. As we can see  , the proposed approach is an order of magnitude faster than the production quality regular expression solution. Next  , we replace the digits in the candidate with a special character and obtain a regular expression feature. For these candidates  , we first create features based on the terms found in the context window. LAt is inspired by our earlier observation that page titles are excellent navigational features. In order to identify class names in the first group  , we can additionally match different parts of the package name of the class in documents. The regular expression code for matching each part of package names is: Label matching in existing semistructured query languages is straightforward. The label matching operation is then incorporated into an Match operation to match a path regular expression to paths in the semistructure. An alternative query expression mechanism appeared in 3  , where regular expressions were used to represent mobility patterns. When a temporal constraint is empty  , ordering will be implied by the actual position of the associated predicate in the query sequence. As such  , any mapping from histories to histories that can be specified by an event expression can be executed by a finite automaton. Event expressions have the same expressive power as regular expressions. Bindings link to a PatternParameter and a value through the :parameter and :bindingValue properties respectively. Operator  , Resource  , Property or Class and the optional :constraintPattern for a regular expression constraint on the parameter values. We also allow for approximate answers to queries using approximate regular expression matching. Notice that for k = |E| 2   , the approximate answer is equal to the approximate top-k answer. Further examples are shown in Figure 2. No suggestion provided by the spell-checker matches the regular expression generated by aligned outputs  , thus the word is correctly left unchanged. The first case reflects when a correct morphological variant is not present in the spell-checker word list. The creation and distribution of potentially new publicly available information on Twitter is called tweeting. In the data of all tweets  , a retweet can be recognized if it is a regular expression of the kind RT {user name}:{text}. 7+ is the operator of a regular expression meaning at least one occurrence. Since questions are typically one sentence long and contain fewer words than answers  , we only apply pruning on answer passages. The typing rules should be improved to deal with precise type expressions as in the previous version of the  With the improvement  , the function body is well- typed. The an* expresses all sequences that have exactly one ui. That is  , when 2T-INF derives the corresponding SOA no edges are missing. We use the following approach: we start by generating a representative sample set for a regular expression . If f was neither a proposition nor a structured pattern  , we checked how many content words in f had appeared in previous features. If f was a structured pattern  , we checked if previous features used the same regular expression. In addition there are 9 lexicon lists including: LastNames  , FirstNames  , States  , Cities  , Countries  , JobTitles  , CompanyNameComponents  , Titles   , StreetNameComponents. Approximately 100 simple regular expression features were used  , including IsCapitalized  , All- Caps  , IsDigit  , Numeric  , ContainsDash  , EndsInPeriod  , ConstainsAtSign  , etc. These patterns are written in a regular-expression-like language where tokens can be: Resporator runs after the previously described annotators   , so quantities that the other annotators detect can be represented as quantities in the Resporator patterns. For SD the only feature of interest is the objecttext – i.e. , the text that describes the software name e.g. , Acrobat Reader and Chapter . Each pattern comprises a regular expression re and a feature f . The parsers are regular expression based and capable of parsing a single operation. We wrote a parser combinator to parse an SVG path into a sequence of underlying operations . Finally  , a sequence of upper characters in the fullname UN is compared to a sequence of upper characters in the abbreviations. Then  , a regular expression is used to extract all abbreviations from the articles. For instance  , unless in expert mode  , options that require a regular expression to be entered are suppressed. Consequently we introduced a user mode which helps limit the number of options shown  , given a particular mode. LSP is composed of lexical entries  , POS tag  , semantic category and their sequence  , and is expressed in regular expression. The conclusion part is the type of answer expected if the LSP in condition part is matched. For example  , a grammar " Figure 1explains the procedures to determine the expected answer type of an input question. We then generalise the string to a suitable regular expression  , by removing stopwords and inserting named entity classes where appropriate. In this example  , the subject is 101 characters from the answer  , and thus the match is accepted. Tools that create structural markup may rely on statistical models or rules referring to detail markup. NER components  , for instance  , might use word structure by means of regular expression patterns or lexicons. Age and gender: Regular expression are used to extract and normalize age and gender information from the documents and queries. Therefore  , we extract the title  , abstract  , text  , tables' captions  , figures' captions and the reference part from the raw data. In particular  , we are working on incorporating shallow semantic parsing of the candidate answers in order to rank them. An example is given below: The outcome is a value close to 1 if the tweet contains an high level of syntactically incorrect content. In order to recognize those dirty text  , we employed regular expression techniques. For Japanese  , we use a regular expression to match sentence endings  , as these patterns are more well defined than in English. For nugget extraction  , we maintain sentences as the text unit. Allowing Variables. The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. The regular expression on line 546 reflects this specification: '\w' represents word characters word characters include alphanumeric characters  , '_'  , and '. The W3C recommendation for HTML attributes specifies that white space characters may separate attribute names from the following '=' character. Christensen et al. designed regular expression types for strings in a functional language with a type system that could handle certain programming constructs with greater precision than had been done before 23. The nonterminals Attr and RelVar refer to any RML identifier; StrLit is a string literal; and regex is a Unix regular expression. The grammar for a simple subset of RML is shown in Figure 2. anchor elements contain a location specifier LocSpec 17  typically identifying a text selection with a regular expression. An anchor element points out the location in a node's content which is source or destination of a link. Annotations are implemented as anchors with a PSpec that describes the type popup  , replace  , prefix   , postfix and text of the annotation. In our study  , we assumed that the data type and data range were similar to a tag that expresses the same meaning. The multigram index is an inverted index that includes postings for certain non-English character sequences. The main instances of static concept location are regular expression matching  , dependency search 2  , and informational retrieval IR techniques 10. While dynamic techniques require execution traces and test suites  , static techniques are based solely on source code. For patterns longer than 50 characters  , this version never reported a match. One version of the regular expression search-and-replace program replace limited the maximum input string to length 100 but the maximum allowed pattern to only 50. For example  , the user can provide an alternating template representing the regular expression ab *   , a program  , and an alphabet of possible assignments. Most previous work has focused on alternating patterns. Composition operators can be seen as deening regular expressions on a set of sequence diagrams  , that will be called references expressions for SDs. This is equivalen t to the expression EnterPassword seq BadPassword. This means that the server might specify the regular expression deliver sell* destroy sell "   , with suitable restrictions on the sell method's time. Interestingly  , the example in 27 actually states that 'Lafter destruction  , earlier transfers sales can still be recorded " . An event pattern is an ordered set of strings representing a very simple form of regular expression. AOs can either subscribe to a specific event or to an event pattern. pred is a function returning a boolean. x ⊕ y concatenates x and y. splitter is a position in a string or a regular expression  , leftx  , splitter is the left part of x after splitting by splitter. We already mentioned that xtract 31 also utilizes the Minimum Description Length principle. In an extreme  , but not uncommon case  , the sample does not even entirely cover the target expression. Unfortunately   , samples to learn regular expressions from are often smaller than one would prefer. For domains with wildcards  , the associated virtual host must use a regular expression that reflects all possible names. The same check applies to every other pair of IP address and port where this certificate is used. Both their and our analyzers first extract a grammar with string operations from a program. Their analyzer approximates the value of a string expression in a Java program with a regular language instead of a context-free language. The input specification is given as a regular expression and describes the set of possible inputs to the PHP program. The analyzer takes two inputs: a PHP program and an input specification. In this section  , we illustrate our string analyzer by examples. Then  , we can check whether the context-free language obtained by the analyzer is disjoint with this set. This regular expression denotes the set of strings that contain the <script> tag. To give the reader some idea  , the regular expression used for phone number detection in Y! Since productionquality detectors need to handle many cases  , the expressions can become more and more complicated. We use capital Greek letters Ξ and Ψ as placeholders for one of the above defined quantifiers. Like RPQs  , all SRPQs are defined by a regular expression R over Σ. Here are some examples from our knowledge base: These patterns are expressed in regular expression. We obtained these structures from the past TREC list questions  , and built a knowledge base for them. There is some useless information about patients' personal detail in the last part of each report  , so we also use regular expression to get and delete them. This tag will be used when building index. The resulting plain text is tokenized using a regular expression that allows words to include hyphens and numeric characters. We strip away all remaining SGML tags and replace Unicode entities by ASCII equivalents or representative strings. To reduce the size of our vocabulary  , we ignore case and remove stopwords . We have extensively tested all of these in extracting links in scholarly works. Extracting URLs using a regular expression regex is not new and the regex 5 used in a previous study 2  by the Los Alamos Hiberlink team. These keyword-list RegExps are compiled manually from various sources. For example  , if the question category is COUNTRY  , then a regular expression that contains a predefined list of country names is fetched  , and all RegExp rewriting is applied to matches. Splitting is made by asking whether a selected feature matches a certain regular expression involving words  , POS and gaps occurring in the TREC-11 question. Each feature corresponds to a sequence of words and/or POS tags. The system finally classifies a visit as male or female. A gender-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for identification of patient's gender mentioned in visits. In test phase  , the sentences retrieved are spitted into short snippets according to the splitting regular expression " ,|-| " and all snippets length should be more than 40. In training phase  , the sentences retrieved are used as train samples. In contrast to our approach  , the xtract systems generates for every separate string a regular expression while representing repeated subparts by introducing Kleene-*. In Section 8  , we make a detailed comparison with our proposal. We do not address xtract as Table 1already shows that even for small data sets xtract produces suboptimal results. More specifically  , it first identifies all the AB-paths L 1   , . It takes as input a DTD graph G D and nodes A and B in G D   , and returns a regular expression recA  , B as output. This syntactical variety of references is represented using an or operator in the regular expression. whereas a reference to a book may be represented author  , author  ,  * : " title "   , publisher  , year. 3-grams CharGrams 3 comes in third with an F1 score of 95.97. Evidentiality We study a simple measure of evidentiality in RAOP posts: the presence of an image link within the request text detected by a regular expression. the " community age " . To improve the generalization ability of our model  , we introduce a second type of features referred to as regular expression regex features: However  , this can cause overfitting if the training data is sparse. Soubbotin and Soubbotin 18 mention different weights for different regular expression matches  , but they did not describe the mechanism in detail nor did they evaluate how useful it is. 9 noted above is an exception. The confidence of a noun phrase is computed using a modified version of Eq. The regular expression states that a noun phrase can be a combination of common noun  , proper noun and numeral  , which begins with common or proper noun. The path expressions can be formed with the use of property names  , their inverses  , classes of properties  , and the usual collection of regular expression operators. The default path flags string is " di " . As ongoing research  , it is intended to compare the results of the different detection approaches. To display the according occurrence count behind each term i.e. Any regular expression is allowed; this can be simply a comma or slash for a split pattern or more complex expressions for a match pattern. Documents are segmented into sentences and all sentences from relevant documents are used as nuggets in the learning procedure. and at singular points of codimension 1. provided vector U has components outside the column space of the Jacobian. As concepts are nouns or noun phrases in texts  , only word patterns with the NP tag are collected. Such techniques do not really capture any regularity in the paths within a DOM tree. Otherwise  , one can just compose a regular expression by concatenating all the input strings using the union operator. The method is named SMA-FC  , and it performs a number of scans of the database equals to the number of states of the given regular expression. In Section 4 we introduce another method which instead uses frequency pruning. Allowing variables in our method is achieved by maintaining for each token the list of variables instantiated that it contains. Consider the regular expression AxBx: the patterns ABBB and ACBC are valid with x = B and x = C respectively. These operations Table 1b are more complicated than simple search-and-replace of a constant string by another in two ways. The function stop_xss removes these three cases with the regular expression replacements on lines 531  , 545  , and 551  , respectively. Tabuchi et al. the usual queries that a developer would enter in a search engine. swim is a code generator whose input is a natural language query in English  , such as " match regular expression " or " read text file "   , i.e. One element name is designated as the start symbol. It is customary to abstract DTDs by sets of rules of the form a → r where a is an element and r is a regular expression over the alphabet of elements. The coverage of a target regular expression r by a sample S is defined as the fraction of transitions in the corresponding Glushkov automaton for r that have at least one witness in S. Definition 6. In Section 5 we will discuss a possible spectrum of validators . Different solutions can be implemented: from regular expression matching to search over predefined areas  , up to advanced templating on the informative content of a page. So a different regular expression needs to be developed for every target language and region. Clearly  , the phone number conventions in US are different than in Sweden  , but also in the UK. For example  , the following example  , in the pseudo-regular expression notation of a fictional template engine  , generates a <br> separated list of users: The surprising fact is that these minimal templates can do a lot. We consider detection of cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in PHP programs as the first application of our analyzer. To conduct this security check  , we specify the set of unsafe strings with the following regular expression. Part-Of-Speech POS tags have often been considered as an important discriminative feature for term identification. After pruning these signatures with S benign1   , ARROW produced 2  , 588 signatures including the examples presented in Table 4. By analyzing the URLs for the central servers of these 97 MDNs  , ARROW generated 2  , 592 regular expression b ARROW signatures.  The MOP solution can be generated from its definitioa by using the regular expression for the paths. There are two possibilities for such a general solution tech- nique. The usual valid sequence would be captured by the regular expression deliver sell " destroy . Figure 8shows two examples of the kind of regular expression that our analyses accept as input; to conserve space we have elided the JNI strings used to define calls based on signatures. Properties. In terms of the operations discussed in Section 3.2  , the variable has the following mean- ing. This query sets up a variable Name that ranges over the terminal nodes of paths that match the regular expression movie.stars.name. Collapse combines the properties in labels along a path to create a new label for the entire path. The combinator accepts a sequence of such parsers and returns a new parser as its output. Regular expression patterns are used to identify tags  , references  , figures  , tables  , and punctuations at the beginning or the end of a retrieved passage in order to remove them. To solve the former  , they use a simple regular expression matching strategy  , which does not scale. As in our work  , they also had problems trying to extract information from documents and to identify documents that contain publications. Note that  , some references may have been cited more than once in the citing papers. A total of 168 ,554 citation contexts were extracted from the full-text publications by using regular expression   , which come from unique 93 ,398 references. The results fall within our expectations since this is our first TREC participation and we could devote only a minimal number of person-hours to the project. An age-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for the identification of de-identified age groups mentioned in visits. Patient demography identification task identifies patient's age and gender indicated within the visit. Since such expressions often have many variations  , we used regular expressions rather than exhaustive enumeration to extract them from the text. The expression " computer makers such as Dell and IBM " specifies that Dell is a computer maker. Two propositions are considered equivalent if they have the same verb  , the same roles and the same head-noun for each role. The regular expression for word specifies a non-empty sequence of alphanumerics  , hyphens or apostrophes  , while the sentence recognize simply looks for a terminating period  , question mark  , or exclamation point. ENUM " between slashes. All the other classes use internal recognize functions. For example  , the atleast operator provides a compact representation of repetitions that seems natural even to someone not familiar with regular expression notation. SVC is designed to make it easy and natural to express shape queries.  The percentage of white space from the first non-white space character on can separate data rows from prose. All space characters is a feature of a line that would match the regular expression ^\s*$  , a blank line. The user queries recommendations by filling in a form  , indicating a list of criteria. Figure 3depicts an example of a finite automaton for both references to an article in a journal and a book. These ngram structures can be captured using the following regular expression: Feature Extraction: Extract word-ngram features where n > 1 using local and global frequency counts from the entire transcript. To date  , no transparent syntactical equivalent counterpart is known. Further  , the constraint is semantical in nature  , and therefore it is difficult for the average user to assess whether a given regular expression is deterministic or not. Definition 1. Formally  , let r stand for the regular expression obtained from r by replacing the ith occurrence of alphabet symbol σ in r by σi  , for every i and σ.   , zero-or-more  *   , and oneor-more  +  in the generated expressions is determined by a user-defined probability distribution. Our internal typing rules are predicated on the stronger typing system of XML Schema. Some P2P applications are now using encryption. This step uses Bro 27  , whose signature matching engine generates a signature match event when the packet payload matches a regular expression that is specified for a particular rule. This generates more than 1000 examples positive set in this corpus. So we use the following approach: We run the seed regular expression on the corpus and require occurrence of at least one seed term. We also performed experiments to understand the effect of contextual and regular expression features; the combined set performs best  , as expected. These observations are inline with our intuition and due to space constraints we do not include the results here. The operation model offers guidelines for representing behavioral aspects of a method or an operation in terms of pre-and post-conditions. The life-cycle model uses a regular expression whose alphabet reprc· sents a set of events. In one of the examples we analyzed the vulnerability signature automaton consists of 811 states. More details and limitations of this approach appear in the related work. This is not the shortest  , or best possible query  , but is adequate for the purposes of this discussion. Each citation extracted from the publication text was associated with a reference cited paper ID. Usually  , such patterns take into account various alternative formulations of the same query. Once a question class and a knowledge source have been determined  , regular expression patterns that capture the general form of the question must be written. Still  , the results are indicative for our purposes. The search for product names starts with the generation of a set of candidate phrases. According to the age division standard released by the United Nations we make age into 12 categories. Question parsing and generating full questions is based on regular expression rewriting rules. For example  , chapter/section*/title is expressed as a finite automaton and hence structurally recursive functions in Figure 11. By means of the translation method in 3  , one can easily express any regular path expression in XQuery. prepend d to all structures enumerated above } Figure 4:  with values of constant length. For custom parameterizations like the regular expression inference discussed above  , the user must define the cardinality function based on the parameterization. The description length for values using a structure often reduces when the structure is parameterized. Likewise a domain can accept all strings by default  , but parameterize itself by inferring a regular expression that matches the subcomponent values. Value Translation The Format transform applies a function to every value in a column. Taken together  , our approach works as follows. A complex query may be transformed into an expression that contains both regular joins and outerjoins. Finally  , GANS87 does not describe tactics that mix joins and outerjoins  , as we do. of edge labels is a string in the language denoted by the regular expression R appearing in Q. Figure 2: Query to find cities connected by sequences of flights with at most two airlines. However  , in ARC-programs what is more important is the means by which bindings are propagated in rules. Recall that X is the source variable  , Y is the sink variable   , and the variables in v are the regular expression variables. A possibility is to create a regular expression using the recipes as examples. As ωn represents a fragment of one of the source columns B k being copied  , we need a model for the copying operation. Therefore  , we replace the equivalence with a weaker condition of similarity. Also  , the content equivalence condition appears to be too strong as it fails to merge nonterminals whose right parts are instances of one regular expression. The text part of a message can be quallfled aocordlng to a regular expressIon of strlngs words  , oomblnatlons of words present In them. Thls approach works well for text. In this section we employ a graph-rewriting approach to transform a SOA to a SORE. As every node carries a unique regular expression  , we can identify a vertex v by its label r = λv. We experimentally address the question of how many example strings are needed to learn a regular expression with crx and iDTD. Each example token sequence was analyzed with a set of ad hoc features. The test document collection is more than one hundred thousand electronic medical reports. A candidate item is downloaded means web pages related to the suggestion are downloaded. For example  , for Paraphrase-Abbreviation questions for example  , " What is the abbreviation for the United Nations "   , it retrieves all articles in which the fullname United Nations appears. The two NLP tools required by this system are: recognition of basic syntactic phrases  , i.e. For each candidate object  , ObjectIdentifier evaluates patterns comprising features in portions of the web page that are pertinent to the candidate object. This occurs because  , during crawling  , only the links matching the regular expression in the navigation pattern are traversed. Notice that  , in all cases  , the numbers in the " Crawling " column are smaller than the numbers in the " Generation " column. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. Instead of that approach  , domain experts check the correctness and summaries the rules where mistakes happen. In addition  , it extends the lexica dynamically as it finds new taxonomic names in the documents. It is both rule-and dictionary-based  , using regular expression patterns for the rules. Second  , user-defined external ontologies can be integrated with the system and used in concept recognition. First  , we have implemented generic non-ontological extraction components such as person name identifier and regular expression extractor. If there exists an instance with the same name  , the user can tell whether the newfound name refers to an existing instance or to a new one. They are intended to specify the semantics of the path between a pair of resources. Our approach enables users to use whatever tools they are comfortable using. Other approaches such as D2RQ offer a limited set of built-in functions e.g. , concatenation  , regular expression that can be extended by writing Java classes. Generators hold a dct:description  , a sparql query :generator- Sparql and a link to a pattern :basedOnPattern. counting support for possible valid patterns. First  , it can be difficult to find a valid replacement value for a non-Boolean configuration option  , such as a string or regular expression. There are two major challenges that prevent these dynamic analyses from being used. The editor can convert the symptom into a regular expression  , thereby stripping out all the irrelevant parts of the symptom. The symptom is usually an error message of some sort. The former corresponds to method behavior of the GIL0-2 class and the latter to the GIL0-2 collaboration. In these cases  , we suggest that the user should consider data consistency check as an alternative. The domain specification thus defines a value set for an ADT. The domain specification is a regular expression whose atoms are ADTs in the library or ADT instantiation parameters of the ADT being defined. Table 3summarizes the number of HTTPTraces included in each data set described above  , indicating a large-scale evaluation of the ARROW system. For each regular expression in RT  we construct the corresponding nondeterministic finite automaton NDFA using Thomson's construction 13. Note that RT  gives us an effective procedure for constructing the transaction automaton. If none of the above heuristics identifies a merge  , we mark the pull request as unmerged. The regular expression code for matching each part of package names is: This method can also be used to identify classes sharing the same name but belonging to two different packages. In the CAR example  , assume methods to deliver it to the dealer  , to sell a car  , and to destroy it. More detail about the concerns selected is available elsewhere 9. For instance  , one concern selected in gnu.regexp captured code related to the matching of a regular expression over input spanning multiple lines. But even these cannot always be used to split unambiguously. However these tools often require sophisticated specification of the split  , ranging from regular expression split delimiters to context free grammars. However  , to capture semantics  , an expression language is needed  , such as some form of logic predicate calculus  , description logic  , algebra relational algebra  , arithmetic  , or formal language regular expressions  , BNF. Graphs and sets can describe the syntax of models and mappings. PROOF: By reduction from the problem of deciding whether a regular expression does not denote 0'  , which is shown to be NP-complete in StMe731. These fields were identified using regular expression and separated using end of the section patterns. We divide each document into 9 sections to perform fielded search  , assuming that queries contain parts relevant to varying sections in the documents. In addition to the regular expression syntax  , means for accessing WordNet and statistical PPA resolver plugins were introduced. We have developed a comprehensive set of rules for parsing the lexicalized chain  , classifying modifiers by type  , and building parsing tree. Then  , we take all combination of continuous snippets as candidate answer sentences. Surface text pattern matching has been adopted by some researchers Ravichandran & Hovy 2002  , Soubbotin 2002 in building QA system during the last few years. The following regular expression list is a sample of answer patterns to question type " when_do_np1_vp_np2 " . Some questions contains more than one noun phrase  , we number these noun phrases according to their orders in the questions. We modified the scoring scripts to provide both strict and lenient scores. All results  , in the form of question  , docid  pairs were automatically scored using NIST-supplied scripts designed to simulate human judgments with regular expression patterns. 10 reported an ontology-based information extraction system  , MultiFlora. Among other things  , NeumesXML includes a regular-expression grammar that decides whether NEUMES transcriptions are 'well-formed'. NeumesXML is defined by an XML Schema  , which has powerful capabilities for data constraints that XML DTD lacks. We then wrote a regular expression rules to extract all possible citations from paper's full text. In this graph  , we extracted 28 ,013 publications' text  , including titles  , abstracts  , and full text. However  , they do not deal with the latter problem  , suggesting further investigation as future work. Question type classification was done using a regular expression based classifier and LingPipe was used as the named entity recogniser. For each of the questions  , only the top 50 documents were used.   , two extraction components for non-ontological entities have been implemented: person name extractor for Finnish language and regular expression extractor. Expressions can be utilized to find literal values or potential new instances from the document. To avoid unnecessary traversals on the database during the evaluation of a path expression  , indexing methods are introduced 15  , 16. Regular path expressions are used to represent substructures in the database. Consider finding the corresponding decade for a given year. the given regular expression R patterns contained in the sequence. The the main idea is to start checking the constraint since the reading of the input database  , producing for each sequence in the database  , all and only the valid w.r.t. It is typical in the biological or chemical domains  , to have interesting patterns that contain holes  , i.e. , positions where any symbol can be placed. In 14  , the authors present the X-Scan operator for evaluating regular path expression queries over streaming XML data. There has also been some work on the notion of converting path expression queries into state machines has been previously proposed in 3 ,14. The inference module identifies the naming parts of the clustered join points  , forms a regular expression for each set of naming parts  , and finally outputs the pointcut expression by combining the individual expressions with the pointcut designator generated by the designator identifier. The designator identifier in the module identifies the type of designators such as execution and call for the join points. The inference module also provides an additional testing mechanism to verify the strength of the inferred pointcuts. The history in the context of which an event expression is evaluated provides the sequence of input symbols to the automaton implementing the event expression. Since event expressions are equivalent to regular expressions  , except for E which is not expressible using event expressions 9  , it is possible to " implement " event expressions using finite automata. With these operations  , the regular expression can be treated just like an arithmetic expression to generate the summary function  , which was done to generate the table of solution templates in Appendix B. The three formulae shown above define two binary and one unary operation on YxV. The query language is based on a hyperwalk algebra with operations closed under the set of hyperwalks. However  , there is one important restriction of such XPath views: The XPath expression in the comparison has to be exactly the same as the view XPath expression. Note that this type of XPath views can also be considered as a regular value index. The type of RegExp used depends on the question category and may be a simple keyword-based RegExp or a sophisticated multi-RegExp expression. The latter quantity is defined as the length of the regular expression excluding operators  , divided by its kvalue . A final perspective is offered in Table 4which shows the success rate in function of the average states per symbol κ for an expression. This expression can be evaluated to a mathematical formula which represents any arbitrary reachability property. In 11 Daws proposed a procedure to first convert the DTMC into a finite automaton from which it is possible to obtain a corresponding regular expression. In order to translate an extended selection operation u7 ,ee into a regular algebraic expression  , we have to break down the operation into parts  , thereby reducing the complexity of the selection predicate $. The idea behind this rule is as follows: We construct an algebraic expression el representing {To foZ ,/ ?r Future work will employ full multi-lingual and diverse temporal expression tagging  , such as that provided by HeidelTime 11  , to improve coverage and accuracy. For the purpose of this work  , we relied on simple temporal expression extraction based on regular expressions. Daws' approach is restricted to formulae without nested probabilistic operators and the outcoming regular expression grows quickly with the number of states composing the DTMC n logn . Given a regular expression pattern and a token sequence representing the web page  , a nondeterministic  , finite-state automaton can be constructed and employed to match its occurrences from the string sequences representing web pages. Similarly  , node 2 has two children for the two occurrences " B 1 C 1 " and " B 2 F 1 " of the expression " BC|F* " . For samples smaller than this critical size  , the relative frequency of cases where the target expression can be successfully recovered decreases as is shown in Figure 4for the expressions example2  , example4  , andà1 and`andà1 a2 + · · · + a12 + a13 + a14 By precalculating the path expression  , we do not have to perform the join at query time. If we could store the results of following the path expression through a more direct path shown in Figure 2b  , the join could be eliminated: SELECT A.subj FROM predtable AS A  , WHERE A.author:wasBorn = ''1860'' Using a vertically partitioned schema  , this author:wasBorn path expression can be precalculated and the result stored in its own two column table as if it were a regular property. The path expression join can be observed through the author and wasBorn properties. The expression E is then evaluated to determine whether or not a data flow anomaly exists. To estimate the selectivity of a query path expression using a summarized path tree  , we try to match the tags in the path expression with tags in the path tree to find all path tree nodes to which the path expression leads. This explains why nodes with regular tags that represent multiple coalesced nodes of the original path tree need to retain both the total frequency and the number of nodes they represent. For example  , for the context Springfield  , IL  , we would include in its corresponding sub-collection all the documents where Springfield and IL are mentioned and only spaces or commas are in between  , however  , a document would not be valid if  , besides Springfield  , IL  , it also contains Springfield  , FL. The operator  , called Topic Closure  , starts with a set X of topics  , a regular expression of metalink types  , and a relation M representing metalinks M involving topics  , expands X using the regular expression and metalink axioms  , and terminates the closure computations selectively when " derived " sideway values of newly " reached " topics either get sufficiently small or are not in the top-k output tuples. We describe this operator within the context of web querying  , and illustrate it for querying the DBLP Bibliography and the ACM SIGMOD Anthology. That is  , the derived topic importance values get smaller than a threshold V t or are guaranteed not to produce top-k-ranking output tuples. Let lt and ls be two leaf nodes matched by two distinct tokens t and s. The node a that is the deepest common ancestor of lt and ls defines a regular expression that matches t and s. The complete procedure for generating an URL pattern is described in Figure 7  , where the symbol "  " is used to denote the string concatenation operation. This property allows us to find a single regular expression that matches all tokens in a same position occurring in a set of URL. Now  , let us consider the evaluation of assertions which involve the use of the PATH-IS function. If there happen to be seven consecutive ups in the history  , SVL will report this single subsequence of length 7 whereas the regular expression would report six different largely overlapping subsequences; there would be three subsequences of length 5  , two subsequences of length 6  , as well as the entire subsequence of length 7. Regular expressions would not be able to eliminate the clutter since they are unable to " look-ahead " to provide contextual information. If a regular expression matched one or more paragraphs  , those paragraphs were extracted for further feature engineering. stemming and capitalization and then converted into a list of 110 regular expressions  , such as: In this example  , a word with the normalized form place  , view  , or use must occur in the same sentence as tool to collect  , and a word with normalized form inform e.g. , information must occur within three words of collect. To infer a DTD  , for example  , it suffices to derive for every element name n a regular expression describing the strings of element names allowed to occur below n. To illustrate  , from the strings author title  , author title year  , and author author title year appearing under <book> elements in a sample XML corpus  , we could derive the rule book → author + title year ? Schema inference then reduces to learning regular expressions from a set of example strings 10  , 12  , 31. that map type names to regular expressions over pairs at  of element names a and type names t. Throughout the article we use the convention that element names are typeset in typewriter font  , and type names are typeset in italic. Then let ρt stand for the ordinary regular expression over element names only that we obtain by removing all types names in the definition of t. For example  , for the XSD in Figure 4we have It was important to make the best use of the previously tagged documents  , and to ensure that regular expressions used by the system were not too specic as to require multiple expressions for a single question construct. The improvement in 16 requires n 3 arithmetic operations among polynomials  , performing better than 11 in most practical cases  , although still leading to a n logn long expression in the worst case. propose a refinement of the approach presented in 11 for reachability formulae which combines state space reduction techniques and early evaluation of the regular expression in order to improve actual execution times when only a few variable parameters appear in the model. In the right-hand side expression of an assignment  , every identifier must either be a relation variable and have been previously assigned a relation  , or it must be a string variable and have been previously assigned a string  , or it must be an attribute that is quantified or occurs free. This is done by converting the distinguished paths of e1 and e2 to regular expressions  , finding their intersection using standard techniques 21  , and converting the intersection back to an XPath expression with the qualifiers from e1 and e2 correctly associated with the merged steps in the intersection. From arbitrary simple XPath expressions e1 and e2  , we can construct an XPath expression e1 ∩ e2 such that for all documents d  , e1d ∩ e2d = e1 ∩ e2d. We can learn an extraction expression  , specifically the regular expression E 1 = α·table·tr·td·font * ·p * ·b·p * ·font *   , from these two paths. In the DOM tree see Figure 2 corresponding to the Web page in Figure 1  , the paths leading to the leaf nodes containing these text strings are α·table·tr·td·font·b·p and α·table·tr·td·p·b·font  , respectively  , where α represents the path string from the root of the DOM tree to the table tag. For example  , the candidate patterns for URL1 are http : Step 2: To determine whether a segment should be generalized  , we accumulate all candidate patterns over the URL database. Note that when these values get instantiated they behave as terminals. refSch := "$ref": "# JPointer" Table 2: Grammar for JSON Schema Documents strSch := "type": "string"   , strRes  * strRes := minLength | maxLength | pattern minLength := "minLength": n maxLength := "maxLength": n pattern := "pattern": "regExp"  represent any possible JSON document and regExp to represent any regular expression. Question mark applied to an atom  , e.g. , knows ? , in regular expression specifies that the edge is optional. Affiliation of a person to a team is represented with the inteam edge  , and social connection is represented with the knows edge in the semantic graph. In addition the iterative method may be used in conjunction with the prime program decomposition to find the data flow value for those prime programs for which the regular expression has not been pre- computed. The iterative method may be used alone for detection of data flow anomalies for an entire program. The primary ways to invoke the JavaScript interpreter are through script URLs; event handlers  , all of which begin with " on " ; and " <script> " tags. Keywords are not considered to be aliases  , but aliases are considered to be keywords  , and thus the union of the set of alias names and the set of keywords constitutes the keywords for the ADT. Let us assume that the attack pattern for this vulnerability is specified using the following regular expression Σ * < Σ * where Σ denotes any ASCII character. In the rest of this section we give an overview of how our approach automatically detects this vulnerability and generates the sanitization statement. For automatic relevance labels we use the available regular expression answer patterns for the TREC factoid questions. Relevance Judgments In our experiment  , the data are labeled for evaluating QA general retrieval in the following two ways: by using the TREC factoid answer patterns  , and  , independently  , manually in order to validate the pattern-based automatic labels. result page  , but depending on the scenario more powerful languages may be needed that take the DOM tree structure of the HTML or even the layout of the rendered page into account. For example  , a simple choice would be to define the start of each attribute that needs to be extracted by evaluating a regular expression on the HTML of the Yahoo! The designated start symbol has only one type associated with it. For notational simplicity  , we denote types for element a by terms a i with i ∈ N. As can be seen in Example 2  , rules are now of the form a i → r  , where r is a regular expression over types also referred to as specializations. To summarize  , we propose to replace the UPA and EDC constraint in the XML Schema specification by the robust notion of 1PPT. In 3 it is even shown that elr can not be defined by any one-unambiguous regular expression. One of the first works to address abusive language was 21  which used a supervised classification technique in conjunction with n-gram  , manually developed regular expression patterns  , contextual features which take into account the abusiveness of previous sentences. One of the contributions of this paper is to provide a public dataset in order to better move the field forward. We augmented some of their P2P signatures to account for protocol changes and some new P2P applications. Christensen  , Møller and Schwartzbach developed a string analyzer for Java  , which approximates the value of a string expression with a regular language 7. The type system was designed for an applied lambda calculus with string concatenation   , and it was not discussed how to deal with string operations other than concatenation. Unrestricted templates are extremely powerful  , but there is a direct relationship between a template's power and its ability to entangle model and view. For example  , the following example  , in the pseudo-regular expression notation of a fictional template engine  , generates a <br> separated list of users: This would also allow to attach other messaging back-ends such as the Java Messaging Service JMS or REST based services 11. In the rare situation that both Basic-and Extended- Transformers are not applicable i.e. , if the transformation requirements cannot be met by neither regular expression nor XSLT  , the VieDAME system allows to configure an external transformation engine such as Apache Synapse 3. This operation eliminates redundant central servers without compromising their coverage  , and thus reduces the total number of signatures and consequently computationally expensive  , regular expression matching operations. The shared central servers are taken as the central servers for the new MDNs  , while the other central servers are discarded . We have shown that the regular expression signatures have a very low false positive rate when compared to a large number of high reputation sites. This problem is generic to any method attempting to solve this problem and is not a reflection of the proposed system. If we enclose lower-level patterns in parentheses followed by the symbol " * "   , the pattern becomes a union-free regular expression without disjunction  , i.e. , union operators. Similarly  , there may not be one pattern with the highest nested-level in the pattern tree. states from which no final states can be reached. For every m ∈ M   , let Dm be the deterministic but perhaps incomplete  finite automaton DFA obtained from the minimized automaton for the regular expression dm after discarding all " dead " states  , i.e. The second part of the regular expression corresponds to random English words added by the attacker to diversify the query results. An example of a query group is inurl:/includes/joomla.php a-z{3 ,7} Here  , the attacker is searching for sites where the URL contains a particular string. Transitions t chk0 and t chk1 detect the condition under which the matching cannot continue e.g. , waiting for the use of a definition that is already been killed and trigger backtracking. States s0-s3 and transitions t0-t3 are determined from the PATTERN clause in a way similar to that of determining FSM states from a regular expression. The developer can begin investigating efficiency in an implementation of the OBSERVER pattern using this kind of query by searching for the regular expression *efficien* to capture nouns involved with both efficiency and inefficiency  , such as efficient  , efficiency  , inefficient  , and inefficiency. This kind of query is used to focus on a particular concept within a pattern. An obvious limitation of this presentation is a lack of context for a sentence matching a query. Whereas a lexical search typically results in a user sequentially visiting each result in the text  , the results of a regular expression search on a DPRG are a graph that presents the information separately from its structure in the document. The user may also be able to assist in narrowing down the alphabet used for obtaining the basic regular expression library. Apart from such automatic methods to discover guards  , user assistance may be sought at this point to determine ideal guards from a shortlist. It would be easy to retrieve that path by using an appropriate regular expression over the name property in each label e.g. , movie.stars.name. To take one example  , consider the path from &movies through &Star Wars IV to the misspelled value Bruce Wilis. Typically  , ÅÅØØØ first chooses a set of paths that match some regular expression  , then the paths are collapsed  , and a property is coalesced from the collapsed paths. In this section  , the È ØØÓÐÐÐÔ×× operation introduced in Section 3.2.1 is trivially generalized to collapse every path in a set of paths. However  , if the specified transforms are directly applied on the input data  , many transforms such as regular-expression-based substitutions and some arithmetic expressions cannot be undone unambiguously – there exist no " compensating " transforms. The ability to undo incorrect transforms is an important requirement for interactive transformation. XTM includes three search functionalities to address the needs of a real-world search system: exact matching  , approximate matching  , and regular expression matching. Due to the massive parallelism available  , the FPGA can perform the searching orders of magnitude more efficiently than a GPP. The result was a large number of question classes with very few instances in them. Our observations for this outcome include that for the models derived from the regular expression style paraphrases for the questions  , the classes were too sparse as the software developed for this task was not able to generalize the patterns enough. Finally  , it produces and returns the resulting regular expression based on case 4 line 17. It identifies all A j nodes shared by some simple cycles line 13 with L i   , and contracts those simple cycles to a single node based on cases 1–3 line 14- 16. loading a page from its URL  , with a 'caching page loader'  , and respectively finding list of URLs from a page with a 'link finder'  , itself an instantiation of a domain-tailored regular expression matching service but we do not show this decomposition. We then choose context-dependent services that meet the resulting signatures  , i.e. The following are 2 examples of such patterns for age and  , respectively  , ethnicity classification: We were able to determine the ethnicity of less than 0.1% users and to find the gender of 80%  , but with very low accuracy . We then matched more than 30 regular expression patterns over the bio field to check if they are effective in extracting classification information. These include the categorization of content instances along given taxonomies  , the creation of taxonomies from given content attribute values  , and the extension of taxonomies by generating more general terms. In more complex cases  , methods of machine learning can be deployed to infer entity annotation rules. Despite its relatively short history  , eXist has already been successfully used in a number of commercial and non-commercial projects. Particularly useful for SozioNet  , eXist also offers query language extensions for index-based keyword searches  , queries on the proximity of terms  , or regular expression based search patterns. The matching check is performed using a non-deterministic finite state machine FSM technique similar to that used in regular expression matching 26. One by one  , each protein in the database is retrieved  , its secondary structure is scanned  , and its information is returned if the secondary structure matches the query sequence. Each secondary structure is input to the FSM one character at a time until either the machine enters a final matching state or it is determined that the input sequence does not match the query sequence. The snapshot  , in contrast  , requires heavy computation even for TempIndex. Although in ToXin we can narrow the search by following only those label paths that match the regular expression in the query  , we still have to compute all continuous paths over them. These common data types are used across different domains and only require one-time static setup– e.g. , writing regular expression scripts to parse the input data and recognize the existence of each feature in the input. In our current design  , except the literal words  , we also adopt common data types  , such as integer   , float  , month  , date and time  , as the features. The highways themselves are defined to be paths over section M@!LEtWltidythe~~behiaddrekeywordoSiS a regular expression &fining a path type which in turn describesasetofpathsofthedambasegraph. Pathtypes alemaeintereshingwheadiff~ttofedgesoccluin agraph. Wewillseeexamplesandamoreprecisedefinition below. Inde&thesecanalsobe'~ " verrexob~tsasnodesin the grapk they are useful to sepamte highway sections with diffmt values of au&l&%3 such as noJunes. There exist two large classes of the SBD systems: rule based and machine learning. We then extracted noun phrases by running a shallow part of speech tagger191  , and labeling as a noun phrase any groups of words of length less than six which matched the regular expression NounlAdjective*Noun. BBN supplied us with an annotated version of the English language portion  , where named entities were marked by the Nymble tagger3  , which identified 184 ,723 unique named entities. For purposes of this research white space is any character matching the regular expression " \s " as defined in the Java pattern class. Common uses are to separate table cells  , indent titles  , indent sub-section data rows and to provide a separation between lines of text. For the non-number entities  , a regular expression is used for each class to search the text for entities. Once the number has been identified  , it is tagged with a NUMEX tag  , and the type field of this tag is set with the appropriate name Figure 6. The product class  , in itself  , is a heterogeneous mix of multiple classes  , depending on the categories they belong to. However  , for this task  , we decided to go with the simpler approach of applying a general set of rules that would capture most common product names with refinement steps specific to the matched regular expression pattern. These questions can be answered by writing a schema that uses information found within the CIA World Factbook. character also deenes a sentence boundary unless the word token appears on a list of 206 common abbreviations or satisses the following awk regular expression: ^A-Za-zzz. A-Za-zzz.+||A-ZZ.||A-Zbcdfghj-np-tvxzz++.$$ The tokenizing routine is applied to each of the top ranked documents to divide it into "sentences". The "." This years' performance reects the addition of the automated expression system  , and the corresponding increase in the 4  , which we feel would be a benecial addition to the overall system architecture. The 2003 results were hindered by the limited development time  , which meant regular expressions were only created for a small subset of question types. They are comprised of cascades of regular expression patterns   , that capture among other things: base noun phrases  , single-level  , two-level  , and recursive noun phrases  , prepositional phrases  , relative clauses  , and tensed verbs with modals. Hildebrandt et al. , 2004 This year we have sixteen classes of patterns. We use a regular expression pattern to test if the document text contains parts that might be geo-coordinates  , but are not marked up accordingly. Thus  , it is not sufficient to check for the presence of respective markup elements to find out if the respective markup step is complete or not. One of the learned lessons of the previous experiments was that the regular expression RegExp substitutions are a very succinct  , efficient  , maintainable  , and scalable method to model many NL subtasks of the QA task. Two novel methods that were explored relied on the notions of modularity and just-in-time sub-grammar extraction. Additionally  , as the result of parsing the questions  , we obtain question category i.e. , the expected answer type  , and some other optional information  , such as type of the relation between the target and the answer. In the case of merger and acquisition deals  , we also identify companies  , names of financial advisors such as investment banks  , dates  , industry sectors. That is  , HybridSeg RW performed better than GlobalSeg RW and HybridSeg POS performed better than GlobalSeg POS on all evaluation metrics. These searching functions are rarely used on the Internet environment; the improvement is seldom used in the Internet. Some string-index technologies  , such as PAT-tree  1 I  , are proposed to improve the performance of various search functions  , such as prefix searching  , proximity searching  , range searching  , longest repetition searching  , most significant and most frequent searching  , and regular expression searching lo. We then ran the test concretely with each segment as the input file and compared its result with the result of the known correct version of grep on the same segment and the same regular expression. For each failing test  , we split the input file into segments comprising 500 lines each. We identified the segment on which the two outputs differed. Observe that this pattern of object creation  , method invocation and field accesses  , summarized as Regex. Matchstring; if getMatch. Success { getMatch. Groups }  , is a common way to use the Match type: the Match. Groups field is only relevant if the input string matched the regular expression  , given by the field Match. Success. Next  , the Groups property of the object is accessed depending on the value of Success. To avoid ambiguity  , we insist that an atom in a domain specification be mentioned at most once. A particular value in the value set is obtained by selecting an ADT for each generic type parameter and a value for each generic value parameter  , expanding the regular expression so that it contains only atoms  , and replacing each atom with a value instance from its ADT. We have also manually investigated many of the signatures and found that they appear to be malicious. Initial template is constructed based on structure of one page and then it is generalized over set of pages by adding set of operators   , if the pages are structurally dissimilar. Template similar to 1  , is a tree-based regular expression learnt over set of structures of pages within a site. These properties may be written in a number of different specification formalisms  , such as temporal logics  , graphical finite-state machines  , or regular expression notations  , depending on the finite-state verification system that is being employed. Instead of specifying the full behavior of the system  , each property may focus on one particular aspect of system behavior. Although there are sometimes theoretical differences in the expressive power of these languages  , these differences are rarely encountered in practice. Method gives access to the methods provided by a compo- nent. These queries range from retrieving all features of an instance to fine-grained queries like searching for all methods that have a particular return type and whose names match a regular expression. This feature container provides standardized means to add and remove features  , and allows queries for a particular feature. Their work is similar to the CA-FSM presented in this paper  , but they handle a wider class of queries  , including those with references. Once all chapter3 elements and figure elements are found  , those two element sets can be joined to produce all qualified chapter3-figure element pairs. For example  , a query with a regular path expression " chapter3/ */figure " is to find all figure elements that are included in chapter3 elements. The first string of the pattern i.e. , the pattern name may end with an asterisk  , while the other strings are either standard strings or strings composed of the single character '_'. If a participant performed a pattern-level query either a regular expression search or a node expansion on a node that was not included in the link level  , the corresponding dot is shown within the pattern-level only. The location of a dot in the graph is based on the type of query that was performed. Expansion of pattern level nodes in the link level are shown in the upper link level area. We check every answer's text body  , and if the text matches one of the answer patterns  , we consider the answer text to be relevant  , and non-relevant otherwise. First  , the extraction rules themselves are expressed in terms of some underlying language that needs to be powerful enough to capture the scenario. The linked geo data extension is implemented in Triplify by using a configuration with regular expression URL patterns which extract the geo coordinates  , radius and optionally a property with associated value and insert this information into an SQL query for retrieving corresponding points of interest. How to publish geo‐data using Triplify ? Densityr #regex successes rate 0.0  , 0.2  Experiments on partially covering samples. The coverage of a target regular expression r by a sample S is defined as the fraction of transitions in the corresponding Glushkov automaton for r that have at least one witness in S. Each rule is structured as: Pattern  , Constraint  , Priority  , where Pattern is a regular expression containing a causality connector  , Constraint is a syntactic constraint on the sentence on which the pattern can be applied  , and Priority is the priority of the rule if several rules can be matched. We constructed a set of rules for extracting a causality pair. Thus  , the crawler follows more links from relevant pages which are estimated by a binary classifier that uses keyword and regular expression matchings. Its crawling strategy is based on the intuition that relevant pages on the topic likely contain links to other pages on the same topic. If the content of a file is needed for character string operations such as a regular expression operation with the preg_match extension  , an FTCS object actually reads the file and stores its content in a form similar to an ordinary character string object. This implementation is transparent to the application program  , and has the same semantics as an ordinary character string object. Example 7 illustrates this for geo-coordinates; we have used the same approach for dates. ■ Second  , to check if a step that marks up distinctively structured parts of the text is complete  , we can use regular expression patterns: The respective XPath test can check if a piece of the document text matches a specific pattern  , but is not marked up accordingly . Summary. The Litowski files contain two pieces of information useful to evaluation: the documents from which answers are derived  , and an answer " pattern "   , expressed as a regular expression  , that maps to a specific answer or set of answers that can be found in the relevant documents. The latter helped us identify relevant documents and passages in the Aquaint documents. Parsing the topic question into relevant entities was done using a set of hand crafted regular expressions. The first step parsed the topic text into a set of relevant string entities and entity types  , the second step expanded entities with synonymous terms  , and the third step created a Boolean query expression from the resulting lists of terms. The next step  , they ranked the entity based on similarity of the candidate entities and the target entity. In the first step  , they utilized the 'target entity to retrieve web documents  , and then by using regular expression they retrieved the candidates from the text of the web documents. The link between a question and the production of the KDB component may be seen as a relation more than a function since the output may be multiple. At the third step  , based on normalization dictionary Qnorm dic and WordNet  , each word in a question is converted into LSP code to be matched with the condition part of LSP grammar by regular expression. " will be POSITION  , which means the position of Cleveland i.e. , president will be an answer. Part-of-speech groups in close proximity to the answer  , which correlate to the question text are kept to ensure the meaning is retained: We then generalise the string to a suitable regular expression  , by removing stopwords and inserting named entity classes where appropriate. An approach that requires substantial manual knowledge engineering such as creating/editing an ontology  , compiling/revising a lexicon  , or crafting regular expression patterns/grammar rules is obviously limited in its accessibility  , especially if such work has to be repeated for every collection of descriptions. It is desirable to have an automated way to discover these terms. One of the learned lessons of the previous experiments was that the regular expression RegEx substitutions are a very succinct  , efficient  , maintainable  , and scalable method to model many NL subtasks of the QA task. For voice and plctures  , however  , patterns are not easy to detlne and they often require compllcated and tlmd oonsumlng pattern recognltlon technlauss rRsdd76. Instead  , our approach maps a recursive navigation into a function call to a structurally recursive function by means of the translation method presented in 3 for a regular path expression. The XQuery core's approach to support recursive navigation is based on the built-in descendant-or-self function and the internal typing function recfactor as we have already seen in Section 2. For example  , we can think of a query //title as a nondeterministic finite automaton depicted in Figure 8  , and define two structurally recursive functions from the automaton. There are two cases to consider  , corresponding to whether source or persistent variables are bound in a query to an ARC-program. A consequence of this is that all regular expression variables appear in the head of any base rule. In this way  , the adorned program mirrors the way the ARC-program was constructed from the corresponding GRE query  , except that bound variables are now propagated top-down rather than bottom-up. The white space features:  At least four consecutive white space characters are found in data rows  , separating row headers from data  , and in titles that are centered. It enables users to invoke arbitrary computation using their favorite tools to define data-dependent aspects of the mapping that cannot be cleanly represented in declarative representations. Another ap- proach 19 is to learn regular expression-like rules for data in each column and use these expressions to recognize new examples. Schema matching techniques have also been used to identify the semantic types of columns by comparing them with labeled columns 10 . For example  , the rewriting rule In some patterns  , the answer type is represented by one of the match constituents in the regular expression instead of one of the standard types  , e.g. Each of the rewriting patterns contains a * symbol  , which encodes the required position of the answer in the text with respect to the pattern. Table 3shows our findings for the protein ferredoxin protein data bank ID 1DUR  , formerly 1FDX that shows two occurrences of this pattern. Documents were only allowed to appear in one category. The nature of the CSIRO corpus allowed us to carry out genre identification into a small number of interesting categories people  , projects  , media releases  , publications  , biographies  , feature articles  , podcasts  , using some simple regular expression matches over URLs and document texts. When preparing a dynamic aspect  , the expression of the pointcut as well as the content of the interceptor depends on the type of the role interactions. Thirdly  , the program which instantiates a variability-related role should be encapsulated as an interceptor which is a regular Java class and implements the Interceptor interface. In 2  Angluin showed that the problem of learning a regular expression of minimum size from positive and negative examples is NP-complete. Gold 9  showed that the problem of inferring a DFA of minimum size from positive examples is NP-complete. No data type exists to speak of  , with the exception of strings  , whitespace-free strings  , and enumerations of strings. DTDs provide a sophisticated regular expression language for imposing constraints on elements and subelements the so-called content model   , but are very limited in the control of attributes and data elements. Figure 6shows the web page screenshots of – i question deleted by moderator left and ii question deleted by author right. In spite of its reasonably acceptable performance  , it has an important drawback as a relevant page on the topic might be hardly reachable when this page is not pointed by pages relevant to the topic. Second  , automatically checking program outcomes requires a testing oracle  , which is often not available in practice  , and end-users should not be expected to provide it. In 16 Hahn et al. An example is given at the beginning o section 4. method is described in  13; the algebra A itself is a contribution of this paper. However  , when one knows the primes that make up the program in advance such as with a gotoless programming language  , there is no need to compute the regular expression explicitly . That is  , 211 for x  , 041 for y  , and 211 for z  , which is the same answer arrived at above. This may be explained by Teleport's incorporation of both HTML tag parsing and regular expression-matching mechanisms  , as well as its ability to statically parse Javascripts and to generate simple form submission patterns for URL discovery. Teleport 62 proved to be the most thorough of a group of crawlers that included WebSphinx 38  , Larbin 56  , and Web-Glimpse 35. Note that we used a similar approach for Gnutella and Kazaa which both use the HTTP protocol for their data transfer. In addition to finding packets which identify a particular connection as belonging to a particular P2P application the classifier also maintains an accounting state about each TCP connection. Our setup only performs the regular expression match if the TCP payload starts with GET or HTTP indicating a HTTP payload. For most locations that correspond to instances of simple types  , the constraints associated with a location can be represented as a regular expression most facets in XML Schema can be represented in this manner. We also augment each such abstract heap location with a formula  , which is a conservative encoding of the current state of that location  , including its type constraints. In normalization   , we just directly fill the key with the related value. If one key of t has a concrete value not a regular expression  , such as " path 2 " of node B in Figure 4b which has one unique value " display "   , one keep operation is created for this key. More specifically  , property-path expressions are regular expressions over properties edge labels in the graph. As described in the current SPARQL 1.1 specification  , " a property path is a possible route through a graph between two graph nodes .. and query evaluation determines all matches of a path expression .. " 10. The document in the IFRAME is tiny:  This code assumes the existence of a get_secret function   , which can be implemented in a few lines of code that performs a regular expression match on document.cookie. The web page  , noticing that it does not have a session secret  , opens up an invisible IFRAME with the SSL URL https://example.com/login/ recover. In cases where only some of the domains in the certificate are served on this IP  , it is necessary to configure an explicit default host similar to the one given in Figure 10. For example the template page can be parsed by the legacy wiki engine page parser and " any character sequence " blocks or more specific blocks like " any blank character "  can be inserted where appropriate. In order to be less naive  , a few additional steps in the generation of the regular expression can be be taken. Clearly  , providing individual phone numbers as seed examples would not achieve the desired behavior; the numbers may not even exist in the corpus. The specification /abc|xyz/ is a regular expression representing the set of strings {abc  , xyz}. By considering assignments as production rules and translating the input specification into production rules  , we can obtain the following grammar approximating the output of the program. The table shows that the class of context-free languages is closed for a large proportion of the functions in PHP and thus they can be eliminated from a grammar. Also by merging smaller MDNs  , we increase the number of URLs corresponding to each central server  , which helps to generate more generic signatures. Third  , we identify features of signal clusters that are independent of any particular topic and that can be used to effectively rank the clusters by their likelihood of containing a disputed factual claim. The approach matches each test page with the learnt template  , segment the web page into set of sections  , and assigns importance to each section  , using template learning  , and page level spatial and content features. Extensions to regular expression search would also be of interest. We observe that storage systems typically perform redundancy elimination in a manner that is completely transparent to the higher levels  , and our indexing approach would thus have to be implemented at the lower levels for best performance. In our primary results  , 65 42% of the rules matched at least one URL some URLs were matched more than once for a total of 6933 rule matches. To give the reader an intuition of how fault-revealing properties can lead users to errors  , Figure 9 provides examples   , from our experiments  , of fault-revealing and nonfault-revealing properties for two faulty versions. To select relevant portions of the DPRG to view to aid with the task at hand  , a developer can use two kinds of query operations: regular expression searching  , and node expan- sion. The developer now has a concrete location in the code from which to consider the change task. The results of the query also included the information that certain timeout values were involved in the non-blocking implementation. The subject then performed a pattern-level search for the regular expression " blocking "   , which resulted in several sentences  , including the following: " if the underlying IPC mechanism does not support non-blocking  , the developer could use a separate thread to handle communication " . While those approaches also feature the negation of events  , precedence and timing constraints  , we believe that visual formalisms like V T S are better suited for expressing requirements . For the default parameterizations of constant values and constant lengths it is easy to adjust the formulas given in the previous section. To be truly general-purpose  , a model management facility would need to factor out the inferencing engine module that can manipulate these expressions  , so that one could plug different inferencing engines into the facility. Bigrams  , with tagging .60 Results with the language model can be improved by heuristically combining the three best scoring models above unigrams with no tagging and the two bigram models. Precision for each of the four language models and the regular expression classifier are reported in Table 7tagging refers to entity and part of speech tagging.  Regular-Expression Matching: XTM provides the ability to search for text that matches a set of rules or patterns  , such as looking for phone numbers  , email addresses  , social-security numbers   , monetary values  , etc. For example  , the query query number 85 in the 10 ,000 query set: For example  , query select project.#.publication selects all of the publications reachable from the project node via zero or more edges. Regular path expression queries RPE that contain " # " and " * " need to be expanded to SPE queries first  , then translated into SQL statements. The basic text substrings  , such as the target or named entities  , are recognized using regular expressions and replaced with an angle-bracket-delimited expression. The open angle bracket < is used as a special escape character  , hence we make sure that it Figure 1: System Overview does not appear in the source text  , which is either a question or a passage. We are continuing to study alternatives to this basic XPath expression  , such as using regular expressions  , allowing query expansion using synonyms  , and weighting the importance of terms. When evaluating answers for each question type  , we determine whether changing " or " or " and " retrieves any sentences  , and allow this most restrictive screen if it returns any sentences. As a result of age identification  , 9185 visits were classified as adult  , 5747 as elder  , 581 as teen  , 273 as child  , and 3248 had no age information. This is illustrated in Figure 7we see that both domain-tailored regular expression matching and an instance of the domain-trained IE system Amilcare 5 will be used side-by-side  , Amilcare learning from the successfully validated instances produced by the former. The role of B-Recogniser can be realised by both domain-tailored  , and domaintrained services. A number of successful approaches from last year inspired our approach for this year ELC challenge 2 were using a two-stage retrieval approach to retrieve entities. We have implemented all documented tgrep functions in our engine and have additionally implemented both regular expression matching of nodes and reflection-based runtime specification of predicate functions . This engine was based originally on a number of pattern recognition tools collectively known as tgrep. The TOMS can map between the two branches  , however  , and find which lines a sentence spansboth  , and gives the administrator an ID that must be used as a unique key to identify the document in all future interactions. 0 Theorem 2.1 is a rather negative result  , since it implies that queries might require time which is exponential in the size of the db-graph  , not only the regular expression   , for their evaluation. For 2  , the reduction is from DISJOINT PATHS  , whose NP-completeness follows immediately from results in FHw801. The regular expression occurring in this query has an equivalent automaton with three states: the three regions correspond precisely to these states. The query in Example 1.1 defines a view which logically partitions the database into three regions  , as in Figure 3 . View maintenance will be done differently after an update in region Rl than after updates in regions R2 or R3 respectively. In this respect  , the sink variable and regular expression variables play similar roles in that they appear in the same position in both the head of each rule and the IDB predicate in the body. A look at the Java-code indicates that Trang is related to but different from crx: it uses 2T-INF to construct an automaton  , eliminates cycles by merging all nodes in the same strongly connected component   , and then transforms the obtained DAG into a regular expression. Indeed  , there is no paper or manual available describing the machinery underlying Trang. This helps us encode certain type of trails as a regular expression over an alphabet. Closing of the page or time outs are encoded as E. For example the trail in the example will be encoded to the string SSV V SSV P . This artificial method can generate a new field sub-document which does not exist in actual multi-field document  , which is equivalent to increasing the statistical weight for some attributed texts  , and such texts often have an explicit optimal TC rule. For instance  , the regular expression can be applied to extract all IP addresses in email Header to form an artificial sub-document. The result shows that the structure completely supports regular expression functions and the Snort rule set at the frequency of 3.68GHz. With Pre-decode method  , parallel character and prefix tree  , this structure optimized the structure and minimized circuit areas and realize the target of lower cost and wider applicability. It can be chosen to define a split pattern as separator or a match pattern to identify the constituents or interesting parts of an attribute value. However  , in OCR  , character : was often read as i or z. Luckily  , being a specialized domain with rigid conventions for writing   , e.g. , units and ranks  , most of these errors could be corrected using a host of 135 regular expression rules. For example  , unit names as abbreviations are inflected in Finnish by appending a : and the inflection ending. This still left the problem of semantic disambiguation; in this case this concerned named entity recognition of persons  , places  , and military units. The main idea in the rule-based name recognition tool is to first search for full names within the text at hand. , two extraction components for non-ontological entities have been implemented: person name extractor for Finnish language and regular expression extractor. by enumeration  , via a regular expression  , or via ad hoc operators specific to text structure such as proximity  , positional and inclusion operators for instance  , in the style of the model for text structure presented in 14. This binding is realized in the notion of In a query of type 1  , the text pattern can be specified in many different ways  , e.g. Machine learning systems treat the SBD task as a classification problem  , using features such as word spelling  , capitalization  , sumx  , word class  , etc. , found in the local context of potential sentence breaking punctu- ation. If two different strings occur in the same corresponding positions of two Web pages  , they are believed to be the items to be extracted. RELATEDNESS QUERIES RQ A relatedness query is a connected directed graph the nodes and edges of which may be unlabeled and at least one of the edges is labeled with a regular expression over relationship labels. The above query is the query example from the introduction. The extractor is implemented as a module that can be linked into other information integration systems. Alternatively  , since the extraction rule is expressed as a regular expression with concatenation and alternative only  , it is easier to construct a finite-state machine for such an extraction rule. We only require that a special markup syntax  , a marker  , is available for denoting where holes occur in the source text of a template page. The input of the system is a set of HTTPTraces  , which will be described in the following sections  , and the output is a set of regular expression signatures identifying central servers of MDNs. Figure 3presents the architecture of the ARROW system. For an MDN with one or more central servers  , the third component generates regular expression signatures based on the URLs and also conducts signature pruning. The second component  , central server identification  , aggregates individual drive-by download samples which form MDNs and then identifies the central servers. For each question  , TREC provides a set of document identifiers which answer it  , a regular expression which the participant has to match to score  , and sometimes  , a snippet from the document that contains the answer. The passages were indexed by Lucene 5. In brief  , template is a generalized tree-based regular expression over structure of pages seen till now. ' , and '|' to denote multiplicity denotes repetition of similar structure  , optionality denotes part of structure is optional  , and disjunction denote presence of one of the structures in the structural data  , respectively. In the procedure for converting an SDTD into an XVPA defined in Theorem 1  , we chose a deterministic finite state automaton Dm corresponding to every regular expression dm. We now consider the following problem: Given an SDTD d  , m0  , which open tags are pre-order typed in every document defined by d  , m0 ? For temponym detection in text documents  , we adopt a similar approach and develop a rule-based system that uses similarity matching in a large dictionary of event names and known paraphrases. State-of-the-art TempEx taggers such as HeidelTime 36 and SUTime 9  are based on regular expression matching   , handcrafted rules  , and background dictionaries. We present the rewrite rules in the order in which they are applied. Given a concrete path fl.f2..f~  , we apply the rewrite rules to the tuple e  , fl.f2..f~ to obtain a final tuple Q  , e  , where Q is the regular expression that represents the path. The motivation for the definition of A stems from the desire to interpret the regular expressions for the paths through a program as an A expression. An algebra A is presented that combines the problems of finding the three kinds of data flow anomalies. If for every execution history h witnessed in the traces  , if h is included in the language of re 1   , then it is also included in the language of re 2 then re 2 is preferred. Grep takes a regular expression and a list of files and lists the lines of those files that match the pattern . The tool of choice today is the text matching tool grep l or one of its many cousins  , due to its ease of use  , speed  , and integration with the editing environment. When an aspect is enabled  , the display of any program text matched by the pattern is highlighted with the aspect's corresponding color. An aspect in AB is defined as a pair consisting of a pattern a grep-like regular expression and a color. Since these SQL queries are derived from a single regular path expression  , they are likely to share many relational scans  , selections and joins. Multiple-Query Optimization/Execution: As outlined in Section 4  , complex path expressions are handled in a relational database by converting them into many simple path expressions  , each corresponding to a separate SQL query. As shown in Figure 4  , each type of feature is represented by an interface that extends the IFeature interface. Let us return to live variables problem to see how the problem is solved with respect to the prime program decomposition in Figure 5. Once a number has been located  , the following token is checked to see if the number can be further classified into a unit of measure. A regular expression is used to find a string representing a number either in words  , digits or a combination of the two. Applying a regular expression pattern   , such as " find capitalized phrases containing some numbers with length greater than two "   , on the text " The Nokia 6600 was one of the oldest models. " This was also observed in the context of lexical source-code transformations of arbitrary programming languages 2  , where it is an alternative to manipulations of the abstract syntax tree. The open angle bracket < is used as a special escape character  , hence we make sure that it does not appear in the source text  , which is either a question or a passage. Undoing these requires " physical undo "   , i.e. , the system has to maintain multiple versions of the potentially large dataset. In QALD-3 a multilingual task has been introduced  , and since QALD-4 the hybrid task is included. These benchmarks use the DBpedia knowledge base and usually provide a training set of questions  , annotated with the ground truth SPARQL queries. This task asks participants to use both structured data and free form text available in DBpedia abstracts. A full list of 26 questions  , 150 questions from WebQuestions  , and 100 questions from QALD could be found on our website. At last  , we chose 13 questions from QALD and 13 questions from WebQuestions . Damljanovic et al. the state-of-the-art QALD 3 benchmark. 7 we evaluate our initial implementation on the QALD-4 benchmark and conclude in Sect. In Sect. Who produced the most films ? It first understands the NL query by extracting phrases and labeling them as resource  , relation  , type or variable to produce a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG. Xser 26   , the most successful system in QALD-4 and QALD-5  , uses a twostep architecture. It comprises two sets of 50 questions over DBpedia   , annotated with SPARQL queries and answers. The evaluation is based on the QALD 5 benchmark on DBpedia 6 10 . In the recent fourth installment of QALD  , hybrid questions on structured and unstructured data became a part of the benchmark. However  , PowerAqua is outperformed by TBSL see below in terms of accuracy w.r.t. We then performed the same experiment over different wh-types on 2 more datasets: Training set of QALD-5's Multilingual tract only english queries and OWLS-TC. The SC-Recall came out to be 96.68 %. For QALD-4 dataset  , it was observed that 21 out of 24 queries with their variations were correctly fitted in NQS. Semantic Accuracy: We observed an SP of 91.92 % for the OWL-S TC query dataset. Recently  , Question Answering over Linked Data QALD has become a popular benchmark. TBSL 19 uses so called BOA patterns as well as string similarities to fill the missing URIs in query templates and bridge the lexical gap. We created a corpus of SPARQL queries using data from the QALD-1 5 and the ILD2012 challenges. We randomly split the data into a training set 251 queries and an evaluation set 40 queries as follows: The optimal weights of FSDM indicate increased importance of bigram matches on every query set  , especially on QALD-2. This discrepancy with SemSearch ES illustrates the significance of bigram matches for named entity queries. Out of 50 questions provided by the benchmark we have successfully answered 16 correct and 1 partially correct. Here we compare the our results with the result published by QALD-5 10. 8 As explained before  , our intention is to assess data set quality instead of SPARQL syntax. to the introduction of blank nodes. In an experiment on QALD-3 DBpedia questions  , the median query construction time was 30 s  , the maximum time was 109 s  , and only one question led to a timeout. For the QALD experiments described later  , we annotated the query using DBpedia Spotlight 7. The basic operation here is to retrieve the knowledge base entity matching the spotted query desire  , query input and their relation. SQUALL2SPARQL takes an inputs query in SQUALL  , which is a special English based language  , and translates it to SPARQL. In QALD-3 20  , SQUALL2SPARQL 21 achieved the highest precision in the QA track. Similar trends are also found in individual query per- formances. However  , on QALD-2  , whose queries are questions such as 'Who created Wikipedia'  , simple text similarity features are not as strong.  QALD-2: The Question Answering over Linked Data challenge aims to answer natural language questions e.g. , " Who is the mayor of Berlin ? " Out of the original 50 queries  , 43 have results from DBpedia. As a result of the mapping  , we get the knowledge base entity equivalent of the query input I which has been identified in the NQS instance. Ultimately  , these grounded clusters of relation expressions are evaluated in the task of property linking on multi-lingual questions of the QALD-4 dataset. textual relation expressions  , augmented with a ranked set of DBpedia properties. Each evaluator wrote down his steps in constructing the query. We selected ten questions from WebQuestions and QALD and asked five graduate students to construct queries of the ten questions on both DBpedia and YAGO. A more effective method of handling natural question queries was developed recently by Lu et al. On questions QALD-2  , about the same number of queries are improved and hurt. We choose questions from two standard Q&A questions and answers test sets  , namely  , QALD and WebQuestions as query contexts and ask a group of users to construct queries complying with these questions and check the results with the answers in the test sets. Therefore  , the quality in use in different usage contexts is very important for the spreading of these knowledge bases. To meet that goal  , we analyze the questions in QALD and WebQuestions and find most of them the detail statistics are also on our website mentioned above can be categorized to special patterns shown in Table 2. We should try our best to eliminate the time that the evaluators spend on SPARQL syntax. To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . In our initial implementation we built a cross-lingual library of relation expressions from English and Spanish Wikipedia articles containing 25 ,000 SRL graphs with 2000 annotations to DBpedia entities. Especially the latter poses a challenge  , as YAGO categories tend to be very specific and complex e.g. , FemaleHeadsOf- Government and HostCitiesOfTheSummerOlympicGames. Of the 50 training questions provided by the QALD benchmark   , 11 questions rely on namespaces which we did not incorporate for predicate detection: FOAF 8 and YAGO 9 . once the shortcomings mentioned in Section 6.2 are addressed  , we will evaluate our approach on a larger scale  , for example using the data provided by the second instalment of the QALD open challenge  , which comprises 100 training and 100 test questions on DBpedia  , and a similar amount of questions on MusicBrainz . Once these enhancements are in place  , i.e. SemSearch ES queries that look for particular entities by their name are the easiest ones  , while natural language queries TREC Entity  , QALD-2  , and INEX-LD represent the difficult end of the spectrum. We observe that the various query sets exhibit different levels of difficulty; this is indeed what we would have liked to achieve by considering different types of information needs. Negations within questions and improved ranking will also be considered. Additionally  , we will assess the impact of full-text components over regular LD components for QA  , partake in the creation of larger benchmarks we are working on QALD-5 and aim towards multilingual  , schema-agnostic queries. One well known annual benchmark in knowledge base question answering is Question Answering over Linked Data QALD  , started in 2011 23. In our work  , we use external resources in a different way: we are targeting better candidate generation and ranking by considering the actual answer entities rather than predicates used to extract them. Another benchmark dataset – WebQuestions – was introduced by Berant et al. Therefore  , due to the scale of datasets and slightly different focus of tasks  , we did not evaluate our techniques on the QALD benchmarks  , but intend to explore it in the future. In the experiment  , evaluators assessed Queriability and Informativeness manually with the source files of data sets. All 24 out of 24 QALD-4 queries  , with all there syntactic variations  , were correctly fitted in NQS  , giving a high sensitivity to structural variation. NQS was able to correctly fit 919 out of the 1083 OWLS-TC queries along with all their syntactic variation  , giving high VP of 96.43 %. However  , the performance of SDM remarkably drops on SemSearch ES query set. Table 4Table 4  , the SDM-CA and MLM-CA baselines optimized SDM and MLM both outperform previously proposed models on the entire query set  , most significantly on QALD-2 and ListSearch query sets. On SemSearch ES  , ListSearch and INEX-LD  , where the queries are keyword queries like 'Charles Darwin'  , LeToR methods show significant improvements over FSDM. The majority of queries are natural language questions that are focused on finding one particular entity or several entities as exact answers to these questions. Question Answering over Linked Data QALD 8 evaluation campaigns aim at developing retrieval methods to answer sophisticated question-like queries. It follows that transformation of SDM into FSDM increases the importance of bigram matches  , which ultimately improves the retrieval performance  , as we will demonstrate next. Finally  , we include the results recomputed from the run files of the methods used for evaluation in 2. APEQ uses Graph traversal technique to determine the main entity by graph exploration. APEQ 10  , from QALD-5 10  , uses a graph traversal based approach  , where it first extracts the main entity from the query and then tries to find its relations with the other entities using the given KB. Moreover  , we aim to integrate HAWK in domain-specific information systems where the more specialized context will most probably lead to higher F-measures. Finally  , the most complex query Show me all songs from Bruce Springsteen released between 1980 and 1990 contains a date range constraint and was found too hard to answer by all systems evaluated in the QALD evaluation 5. Also  , some approaches would face difficulty mapping the expression die from to the object property dbo:deathCause linking dbo:Person and dbo:Disease concepts. Note that although the current version of NL-Graphs has been tested with DBpedia  , it can be easily configured to query other datasets. Our results show that we can clearly outperform baseline approaches in respect to correctly linking English DBpedia properties in the SPARQL queries  , specifically in a cross-lingual setting where the question to be answered is provided in Spanish. For this baseline  , we first use the set of entities associated with a given question for linking of candidate properties exactly the same way as we perform grounding of cross-lingual SRL graph clusters Sect. Because the vast majority of property labels are of English origin  , we could not apply this baseline to Spanish QALD-4 data. We showed that by using a generic approach to generate SPARQL queries out of predicate-argument structures  , HAWK is able to achieve up to 0.68 F-measure on the QALD-4 benchmark. In this paper  , we presented HAWK  , the first hybrid QA system for the Web of Data. Their approach combines a retrieval model with the methods for spreading activation over the link structure of a knowledge graph and evaluation of membership in semantic sets. This would require extending the described techniques  , and creating new QA benchmarks. In the future  , we plan to extend our work to the more open setup  , similar to the QALD hybrid task  , where questions no longer have to be answered exclusively from the KB. We compared SPARQL2NL with SPARTIQULATION on a random sample of 20 queries retrieved from the QALD-2 benchmark within a blind survey: We asked two SPARQL experts to evaluate the adequacy and fluency of the verbalizations achieved by the two approaches. It relies on detecting a main entity  , which is used to subdivide the query graph into subgraphs  , that are ordered and matched with pre-defined message types. The experts were not involved in the development of any of the two tools and were not aware of which tool produces which verbalization. Given that the choice for the realization of atomic graph patterns depends on whether the predicate is classified as being a noun phrase or a verb phrase  , we measured the accuracy i.e. , the percentage of right classifications of our approach by realizing all properties occurring in the QALD- 2 benchmark. We also ensured that the queries used were different from those used in Task 2  , in order to avoid training effects on particular questions. For each correct answer  , we replaced the return variable  ?uri in the case of the QALD-2 SELECT queries by the URI of the answer  , and replaced all other URIs occurring in the query by variables  , in order to retrieve all triples relevant for answering the query 10 . These triples were generated as follows: We first executed the SPARQL query and randomly selected up to five results from the query answer. For each incorrect answer  , we first generalised the SPARQL query by removing a triple pattern  , or by replacing a URI by a variable. einstein relativ-ity theory "   , " tango music composers "   , " prima ballerina bolshoi theatre 1960 " ;  QALD-2: the Question Answering over Linked Data query set contains natural language questions of 4 different types: e.g. , " who created wikipedia ? " continents in the world "   , " products of medimmune   , inc. " ;  INEX-LD: this query set covers different types of queries – named entity queries  , type queries  , relation queries  , and attribute queries e.g. " QALD-2 has the largest number of queries with no performance differences  , since both FSDM and SDM fail to find any relevant results for 28 out of 140 queries from this fairly difficult query set. From Figure 3  , it follows that  , on the entire query set  , FSDM performs better than SDM on a larger number of topics than vice versa  , with the most significant difference on SemSearch ES query set. In particular  , we will test how well our approach carries over to different types of domains. We also develop a GUI tool to help users to construct queries in case they are not familiar with the SPARQL syntax. Our work on HAWK however also revealed several open research questions  , of which the most important lies in finding the correct ranking approach to map a predicate-argument tree to a possible interpretation. NL interfaces are attractive for their ease-of-use  , and definetely have a role to play  , but they suffer from a weak adequacy: habitability spontaneous NL expressions often have no FL counterpart or are ambiguous  , expressivity only a small FL fragment is covered in general. In the Semantic Web  , many systems translate English questions to SPARQL queries see 13 for a survey  , and the QALD 8 challenge is devoted to that task. The results of PRMS are significantly worse compared to MLM in our settings  , which indicates that the performance of this model degrades in case of a large number of fields in entity descriptions. To make sure that SDM-CA is not overfit  , we run SDM using a standard weighting scheme 0.8  , 0.1  , 0.1 and got very close results with respect to MAP – 0.258 on SemSearch ES  , 0.196 on ListSearch  , 0.114 on INEX-LD  , 0.186 on QALD-2  , and 0.193 on the query set including all queries. For fair comparison  , we used the same five field entity representation scheme and the same query sets as in 33  Sem- Search ES consisting primarily of named entity queries  , List- Search consisting primarily of entity list search queries  , QALD- 2 consisting of entity-focused natural language questions  , and INEX-LD containing a mix of entity-centric queries of different type. Experimental results reported in this work were obtained on a publicly available benchmark developed by Balog and Neumayer 2  , which uses DBpedia as the knowledge graph. Simulated Annealing: Guided evolutionary simulated annealing GESA 19 combines simulated annealing and simulated evolution in a novel way. First  , out of all the children in a family  , the child with the best performance value will be selected. As compared with gradient-based or conjugate-type search  , simulated annealing can escape local minimum points 12. Extension of the simulated annealing technique include the mean field annealing 13 and the tree annealing 1141. Simulated annealing takes a fixed number R of rounds to explore the solution space. We obtain an approximate solution to the problem using simulated annealing 22  , 23. 's simulated annealing solver. 24 simulator  , using GraspIt! It has been applied to a variety of optimization problems. However  , we found that SEESAW ran much faster and produced results with far less variance than simulated annealing. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , application of simulated annealing to disambiguate overlapping shapes is a novel contribution. Carnevali  , et al. , 2   , applied simulated annealing to construct an image from known sets of shapes in the presence of noise. Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. In the next part  , this solution is forwarded to the simulated annealing procedure with parameters: T = 5800  , α = 0.6  , I max = 10. 3Table 4 : Example parameters for simulated annealing applied to the data point disambiguation prob- lem. Fig. The result is the modified assignment: Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. There are very few known constructions for mixed-level covering arrays. For these arrays  , simulated annealing finds an optimal solution. The situation can be improved by solving TSP strictly. The solution using a Simulated Annealing method is sub-optimum. The remaining query-independent features are optimised using FLOE 18. Field-based models are trained through simulated annealing 23. 6  , a path that avoids obstacles can be generated. Applying the method of simulated annealing can be time consuming. c Potential field at low output T= 1. 7 introduced "simulated annealing" principle to a multi-layered search for the global maximum. More recently  , Deutscher et ai. Table 5gives the overall results of these experiments using an annealing constant of 0.4 and 10k iterations. The results are compared to non-annealing methods and their effectiveness was demonstrated. To find a near-optimal solution  , we employed the simulated annealing method which has been shown effective for solving combinatorial optimization problems. It was shown that the perfomance of simulated annealing using the metric developed in this paper performs better than with another cost function which seeks to maximize the number of overlapping modules. The method of simulated annealing was used with this metric as the energy function for two sets of initial and final configurations one simply connected and one containing a loop. Simulated annealing2 is a stochastic optimization technique that enables one to find 'low cost' configuration without getting trapped by the 'high cost' local minima. In order to solve this problem  , we choose to use the simulated annealing SA2 method. we continued to extend the optimization procedure  , including a version of simulated annealing. email sw@microsoft.com 1 Now the University o f W estminster. Simulated anneahng has been used m a variety of apphcation areas to good effect Klrkpatrlck 83. They found that annealing produced good results but was computatlona.lly expensive. 15 proposed a simulated annealing approach to obtain optimal measurement pose set for robot calibration. 319- index for all the possible pose sets  , Zhuang et al. They defined an observability index  , e.g. This is due to the fact that the Simulated Annealing method is a stochastic approach. But they are not consecutive  , and with a second resolution  , the problem disappears. This method is able to search the solution space and find a good solution for the problem. We thus use simulated annealing 10  , a global optimization method. In each round a random successor of the current solution is looked at. A brute force approach will not work because the number of possible solutions grows exponentially. proposed a simulated annealing approach with several heuristics 9  , and Mathioudakis et al. Besides the above heuristics using greedy approach  , Jiang et al. function based on this metric to zero. In section 4  , the method of simulated annealing is used to drive the cost. Table 2lists the obtained space and performance figures. Solutions for the SB approach were obtained running simulated annealing for R = 50  , 000 rounds. where the parameter T corresponds to artificial temperature in the simulated annealing method. Construction of more complex structure will be addressed in future studies. The constraints used were similarity in image intensity and smoothness in disparity . Barnard 3 presented a stochastic optimization technique  , simulated annealing  , to fuse a pair of stereo images. In all our experiments  , the term frequency normalisation parameters are optimised using Simulated Annealing 15. We then swap the training and testing queries and repeat the experiments. Simulated annealing SA is implemented to optimize the global score S in Equation 1. The optimal threshold is 0.09 from the experiment. Standard weighting models and term dependence models are deployed with their commonly suggested parameter settings in the literature . Simulated Annealing devised by Kirkpatrick  , et. Furthermore  , the time-varying nature of the current problem prohibits one from formulating an adequate cost function. The candidate of route is generated randomly. The simulated annealing method is used in order not to be trapped into a bad local optimum. By decreasing T gradually  , units tries possible reachable positions uniformly in earlier steps. We take mean field annealing approach MFA  , which is a deterministic approach and requires much less computational complexity than simulated annealing  , to locate the constrained global optimal solution. In this paper  , we model target boundary as a global contour energy minimum under a constraint of region features. This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. Computational search techniques to find fixed level covering arrays include standard techniques such as hill climbing and simulated annealing. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. requirements engineering 12 but most often in the field of software testing 1 . The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. dynamic programming  , greedy  , simulated annealing  , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 22. Analogously  , for the SB approach the parameter κ  , as an upper-bound on the allowed space blowup  , was varied between 1.0 and 3.0. In this study  , maximizing L is equivalent to minimizing  In theory  , simulated annealing can find the global optimal solution that can maximize the function value by promising a proper probability. However  , practical difficulties arise in two aspects. In principle  , the sub-optimal task sequence planning can be implemented by integrating the computation of the step motion times with simulated annealing. Table 8compares results for some fixed level arrays reported in 22 . Simulated annealing consistently does as well or better than hill climbing  , so we report only those results for the next two tables. We apply simulated annealing SA in order to resolve individual data points within a region of overlap. Overlapping data points occur frequently in 2-D plots and identifying each individual data point and its coordinates is a difficult task. Second  , Simulated Annealing SA starts at a random state and proceeds by random moves  , which if uphill  , are only accepted with certain probability. Its output at the end is the least cost local minimum that has been visited. Techniques like simulated annealing  , the AB technique Swly93  , and iterative improvement will be essential. there are so many parallel alternatives  , you will need efficient ways to prune the unreasonable choices quickly. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9. Thus  , the choice of the optimal feature sets may require a preliminary feature construction phase. With the same objective  , genetic search strategies Goldberg891 can be applied to query optimization  , as a generalization of randomized ones EibengOl. Examples of such strategies are simulated-annealing Ioannidis871 and iterative- improvement Swami88. Thus  , a deformation that increases the objective function is sometimes generated  , which improves the performance of optimization. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. Simulated annealing is a capable of crossing local minima and locating the global minimum 6. We plan to study this possibility in future work. As suggested by one reviewer  , local optimum can be escaped by introducing stochastic elements to this greedy heuristic or by using Simulated annealing. On comparison with the simulated annealing method used in a prior publications 16  , we found that seesawing between {Low  , High} values was adequate for our purposes. We have conducted experiments with other approaches that allow intermediate values. To get around this inter-dcpcndency problem  , we can decompose the problem into two parts and take an itcrativc approach. Simulated annealing can be helpful to address very large size problems or optimize response times directly WolfM. Simulated Annealing the system has frozen. This has been estimated as cardphyEnt * k factor k has been proposed to be equal to 1 in Table 2: Extensibility Primitives for implementing randomized and genetic strategies 4.2.2. In this method  , the TSP was solved as a sub-optimal exploration path by using a Simulated Annealing method SI. The path generation problem can be modeled as the Traveling Salesman Problem TSP SI. A hybrid methodology that uses simulated annealing and Lagrangian relaxation has recently been developed to handle the set-up problem in systems with three or more job classes ll. The method needs to be extended to a multiclass system. If the increment of a joint angle between its start and goal is large enough so that As the temperature is slowly lowered the simplex crawls out of local minima and converges upon the global minimum. There are many different schemes for choosing Δλ. Of course  , in many cases constructions are not known or may not exist such as is true in the last two entries of this table. In order to investigate larger spaces  , randomized search strategies have been proposed to improve a start solution until obtaining a local optimum. A combination of the downhill simplex method and simulated annealing 9 was used. Thus  , we use an optimization method based on the downhill simplex method 9  , which is a kind of direct search method. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. Since there is no guarantee of a unique extremum in the cost function   , a method like simulated annealing can be used to optimize the cost function 22. Otherwise  , a numerical method is necessary. al  , 1983  has been shown effective in solving large combinato enable transitions from the local minima to higher energy states and then to the minimum in a broader area  , a statistical approach was introduced. Even thouglh simulated annealing is a very powerful technique  , it has the uncertainties associated with a randomized approach. Since the configuration has to remain connected at all times  , reconfiguration in this case involves overcoming 'deep' local minima. Since softassign determines the correspondence between data sets  , the exact correspondences are not needed in advance. The rate at which the correspondences are tightened is controlled by a simulated annealing schedule. Essentially local techniques such as gradient descent  , the simplex method and simulated annealing are not well suited to such landscapes. There are often several distinct valleys as occlusion and accessibility constraints can cut the scene in two. Further more  , literature on this method doesn't mention any restriction about its use. We don't find iliis property in other methods such as Simulated Annealing 1  , Tabou research  , or local search. Perhaps a non-gradient-based global approach  , such as a genetic or simulated annealing technique might be more appropriate to this problem. The optimizer struggled with these on occasion. A high sparseness parameter leads to rules that have a few large and many small but non-zero coefficients. Of course  , one can utilize simulated annealing or any other global optimization strategy as well. Association discovery is a fundamental data mining task. This property opens the way to randomized search e.g. , simulated annealing  , which should improve the quality of models selected by LLA procedures. Simulated annealing has been used by Nurmela and¨Ostergård and¨ and¨Ostergård 18  , to construct covering designs which have a structure very similar to covering arrays. For a table of known upper bounds for Ø ¾ see 22. While our techniques are fully general  , we have emphasized the fixed level cases in our reporting so that we can make comparisons with results in the literature. The simulated annealing program is based on that of 18. Randomized strategies do not  , guarantee that the best solution is obtained  , but avoid the high cost of optimization. Examples of such strategies are Simulated Annealing SA IC91 and Iterative Improvement II Sw89 . In all experiments  , TSA yields the best optimization/execution cost  , ratio. The major contribution of this paper is an extension of SA called Toured Simulated Annealing TSA  , to better deal with parallel query optimization. The method of simulated annealing provides suck a technique of avoiding local minima. This prompts a need to develop a technique to escape from local minima through tunnelling or hill-climbing. First  , we introduce some additional notation to be used in this section: T start denotes the initial temperature parameter in simulated annealing  , f T < 1 denotes the multiplicative factor by which the temperature goes down every I T iterations and N is the number of samples drawn from the stationary distribution. In this section  , we present experimental results on simulated datasets  , a microarray gene expression dataset and a movie recommendation dataset.  Query term distribution and term dependence are two similar features that rely on the difference of the query term distributions between the the homepage collection and the content-page collection. The ratio for a navigational query bestbuy is 3.3  , which is smaller than that of simulated annealing. All of these lechniques musl  , lo be successful  , must outperform exhaustive search optimiJalion above 10 01 15 way joins in selecting access paths while Hill being within a few percent of the optimal plan. Changes in the robot's base position to the left  , right or back did not notably increase the overall grasp quality in that setup. The information about the grasp quality was delivered from ROS' own grasp planning tool  , which uses a simulated annealing optimization to search for gripper poses relative to the object or cluster 27. Relationship between the number of AGV and average of duality gap route for the entire AGV is always generated taking the entire AGV into account. Others like 6 proposes a rule-based on-line scheduling system for an FMS that generates appropriate priority rules to select a transition to be fired from a set of conflicting transitions. Another work aksolves this problem based on the simulated annealing to technique obtain a modified schedule by rescheduling. Other important questions in this context that need to be explored are: How to choose classes ? The correspondences are loosely enforced initially and refined as the iterations proceed so that  , upon convergence  , each point on one surface has a single corresponding point on the other surface . This is unlike simulated annealing or MaxWalkSat  , which simultaneously offer settings to all features at every step of their reasoning. SEESAW incrementally grows solutions from unconstrained where all features can take any value in {Low  , High} to fully constrained where all features are set to a single value. However the substantial time required and perhaps the complexity of implementing such methods has led to the widespread use of simpler heuristics  , such as hill-climbing 8 and greedy methods. If the size of the test suite is the overriding concern  , simulated annealing or tabu search often yields the best results . The key to using simulated annealing to compute something useful is to get the energy mini- mization function to correspond to some important relationship  , for example  , the closeness of For the purposes of this paper we will give exampIes from the medium-sized AI tools knowledge base. 'l In order to generate a path that could avoid obstacles  , we set the path length that is overlapped by obstacle as infinite. Additionally  , because of the initially high control parameter value analogous to temperature in the simulated annealing dynamics of GESA  , a poorly performing child can succeed the parent of its family in the initial stages  , thus enabling escape from local minimum traps. At the same time  , it preserves some diversity as a hedge. The simulated annealing method has been used in many applications; TSP  , circuit design  , assembly design as well as manufacturing problems  , for example  , for lot size and inventory control Salomon  , et. However  , the initial state is not meaningful and does not affect the result Laarhoven ans Aarts  , 19871. This is because if there is a move possible which reduces energy   , simulated annealing will always choose that and in that case the value of the ratio AEIT does not influence the result. Another observation was that the initial temperature had no noticeable effect when the optimal assignment metric is used as the energy function. We then illustrate how this metric is applied to the motion planning/selfreconfiguration of metamorphic robotic systems. Further  , they propose the use of simulated annealing to attempt to solve the reconfiguration problem. In 4 and 5  , Pamecha and Chirikjian examine the theoretic bounds of reconfiguration on such a system  , including the upper and lower bounds on the minimum number of moves required for reconfiguration. For this project  , we have used a different approach  , which is to seed the search space with many guesses  , taking the best one the smallest average distance error  , and running it to minimization. In previous work  , we used a simulated annealing method to find the local minimum 9. Variation of iterations The impact of a duplication of the number of performed iterations is relatively small and very much depends on the type of investigated graph G. Further information is given in the appendix. Note that if one wants to avoid setting p at all  , one may resort to Simulated Annealing. Instead of using probability to decide on a move when the cost is higher  , a worse feasible solution is chosen if the cost is less than the current threshold 1 . These follow a strategy similar to simulated annealing but often display more rapid convergence. We employ simulated annealing  , a stochastic optimization method to segregate these shapes and find the method to be fairly accurate. To extract data precisely from figures in digital documents  , one must segregate the overlapping shapes and identify the shape and the center of mass of each overlapping data point. Figure 7 shows the result of simulated annealing in trajectory planning when applied to the example in figure 6d. Thus  , the gradual shaping of the collision regions can be achieved by the decrease of the output temperature T starting from a high value. They are difficult to initialize owing to the wide forbidden regions  , and apt to fall into poor local minima and then waste a lot of time locating them very precisely. Planning of motion has exploited the strength of simulated annealing 15  , distributed approaches 13 ,16-171  , closed-chain reconfiguration  181 and multi-layered solvers  10 ,12 ,19. In the literature  , several approaches have been proposed to discover the associations between the task described in the operational space and the corresponding actions to be carried out simultaneously in the cell level. are used with simulated annealing where C denotes the current configuration of the robot and F denotes the final configuration desired. Second  , the metric defined using concepts of optimal assignment developed in Sections 3 and 4 applied to the current and final configurations is an energy function : First  , the difference of the number of modules and the number of overlapping modules of any two configurations with the same number of modules defined as overlap metric in Section 3 is considered. As a result  , it is best suited for performing; a number of off line simulations and then using the best one out of those to reconfigure the robot instead of real time application. In this paper we define a useful metric which is one of many possibtle measures of distance between configurations of a metamorphic system. However   , our method is not time-consuming and experimental results show that we always get a correct minimum in a low number of iterations. Unlike stochastic relaxakion methods such as simulated annealing  , we cannot ensure that the global minimum of the function is reached. The difficulty is that in a complex image context  , the target boundary is usually a global energy minimum under certain constraints for instance  , constraints of target object interior characteristics instead of the actual global energy minimum contour. The second category of DCMs model target boundary as global energy minimum 10 11 and take global optimization approaches specifically simulated annealing to locate them. Moreover  , it is worth noticing that  , since the search strategy and the application context are independent from each other  , it is possible to easily re-use and experiment strategies developed in other disciplines  , e.g. To avoid this  , in our first tests on the first two benchmarks   , we applied a simulated annealing based 10 optimization method  , which optimized the parameters of the underlying learning method. In the field of machine learning  , determining the hyperparameters of a learning method is important and if they are improperly chosen these parameters can induce a poor performance. Additionally  , contrary to classical approaches in statistics that rather assess the modification of two nested models  , Chordalysis-Mml can assess models in isolation. The technique proposed assumes the parameter space to be discrete and runs the randomized query optimizer for each point in the parameter space. INSS92 presents a randomized approach – based on iterative improvement and simulated annealing techniques – for parametric query optimization with memory as a parameter. Once the optimization procedure has selected a dig  , it can be mapped back to the joints of the excavator. In simulated annealing  , the current state may be replaced by a successor with a lower quality. If the objective function value of the successor MP C  is lower than that of the current best partition MP C  , we move to the successor with a Kuo and Chen propose an approach that utilizes a controlled vocabulary from cross-document co-reference chains for event clus- tering 17  , 18. The other method defines a global score function over the whole collection and solves the optimization problem with simulated annealing. In this paper  , we present a stochastic search technique using simulated annealing to solve the machine loading problem in FAS. , n. A product i requires at most m operations in order to produce final product and there are precedence constraints between operations. Our method gives feasible solution by judicious choice of parameters and outperforms the method proposed by Lashkari 5  , in terms of the quality of the optimal solution. Another difficult issue only briefly mentioned in our previous presentation  , was the constraint that the robots had to end up in specific locations. Figure 4illustrates CSSA for the case where the user requires the best K solutions exceeding the similarity specified by target. Configuration similarity simulated annealing CSSA  , based on 215  , performs random walks just like iterative improvement Figure 3Parameter tuning for GCSA but in addition to uphill  , it also accepts downhill moves with a certain probability  , trying to avoid local maxima. However  , in challenging situations  , where a combination of region and image gradient information fails to accurately identify the target boundary  , those methods still tends to be trapped into undesired local energy minima. In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. There is a generator of random changes which is a procedure that takes a random step from λ to λ + Δλ. It has also been extended to allow partial coverage of the required skills  , introducing a multi-objective optimization problem that is optimized using simulated annealing 8 . This problem has been extended to cases in which potentially more than one member possessing each skill is required  , and where densitybased measures are used as objectives 9 ,15. It may also be undesirable that randomization without the use of stored seeds in these types of methods produce different results each time the method is used. See 8  , 25 for data on accuracy and execution time of simulated annealing and tabu search. Using a realistic application  , we measure the impact of parallelism on the optimization cost and the op- timization/execution cost trade-off using several combinations of search space and search strategy. Both the Mozer and the Bein and Smolensky models used a-constant link weight between terms and document$ CODEFINDER extends the model further by making use of inverse document frequency measures for link weights. This is similar to simulated annealing techniques 2. But the grasp quality increased by 32.5% when the robot's torso was driven to the " up " position from the initial pose. This problem is a very complex version of a traveling salesman problem TSP and is not easily solvable since even the ordinary TSP is hard to find the exact solution. In Section 4  , the time-suboptimal task sequence planning and time-efficient trajectory planning for two arms with free final configurations and unspecified terminal travelling time are integrated. Section 3 formulates the inspection task sequence planning as a variation of the TSP  , and simulated annealing 15  is introduced to find a timesuboptimal route. To establish the framework for modeling search strategies  , we view the query optimization problem as a search problem in the most general sense. In PT modification  , which occurs in randomized and genetic strategies  , states are complete IQ  , an action is a transform or a crossover method and the goal description involves a stop condition based on specific parameters of the search strategies e.g. , time constraint in iterative-improvement  , temperature in simulated-annealing or number of generations in genetic strategies. Experimental evaluation suggests that x 0 = 0.8 and a T 0 equal to the similarity of the initial solution  , is the best combination for the initial value of T. For decreasing the value of T  , we apply the common e.g. , 19 decrement rule: Thus  , the training time for the simulated annealing method can be greatly reduced. It was found experimentally that if the NN is trained once at a low temperature and the output temperature temperature of sigmoidal function of hidden layer is set to a high temperature T  , and then frozen down gradually   , the effects on the potential function are similar to the ones obtained by having trained the NN each time the temperature is reduced. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. , NDCG by using the Simulated Annealing which uses a modification of downhill Simplex method for the next candidate move to find the global min- imum. Some other approaches for directly optimizing IR measures use Genetic Programming 1  , 49 or approximate the IR measures with the functions that are easy-to-handle 44  , 12. This also happens to be the KB that we did more experiments on since it provided more complexity and more representative prob- lems. For example  , in both cases AEi is always negative for some move i  , until a local minima is reached and such minima are few in the complete reconfiguration of the robot from the initial to the final configuration. It deals effectively with path planning  , and incorporates the method of simulated annealing to avoid local minima regardless of domain dimension or complexity . Our path planning approach provides flexibility due to the automatic use of as many VPs as necessary based on the complexity of the planned path  , efficiency due to the use of the necessary via points for the path representation at all times  , and massive parallelism due to the parallel computation of individual VP motions with only local infonnation. This parameter selection approach can be viewed as a function minimizing method  , where the input of the objective function is the parameter of the underlying learner and the value of the function is the aggregated error of the underlying method on a fixed optimization set. A way to avoid local minima is the use of simulated annealing on the potential field representation of the obstacle regions: the potential field represents abstractly the obstacle region and  , as time goes by  , the representation becomes more accurate. However  , due to the representation of the collision function by a potential field  , path planning may stick into local minima as it is shown in figure 6 d where the obstacle regions are represented by two rectangular regions. The concept of building robots which are capable of changing their structure according to the needs of the prescribed task and the conditions of the environment has been inspired from the idea of forming topologically different objects with a single and massively interconnected system. In PT generation  , the initial state is constituted by the relations and predicates from the input query together with related schema information  , states are join nodes  , an action is an expand method and goal states are join nodes that correspond to complete PTs e.g. , j2 and j3 in Figure 1. 6 directly with stochastic gradient descent. 3 or Eqn. Initialization. This is done using stochastic gradient descent. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. Optimization. Unlike gradient descent  , in SGD  , the global objective function L D θ is not accessible during the stochastic search. Stochastic gradient descent SGD methods iteratively update the parameters of a model with gradients computed by small batches of b examples. However   , there are two difficulties in calculating stochastic gradient descents. To optimize the objective function of the Rank-GeoFM  , we use the stochastic gradient descent method. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method  , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. Based on the above derivation  , we can use the stochastic gradient descent method to find the optimal parameters. 25 concentrates on parallelizing stochastic gradient descent for matrix completion. However  , the application is completely different. 6 for large datasets is to use mini-batch stochastic gradient descent. 1 and Eq. The gradient has a similar form as that of J1 except for an additional marginalization over y h . This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. Random data sample selection is crucial for stochastic gradient descent based optimization. It is of the following form: 4  , stochastic gradient descent SGD is further applied for better efficiency 17  , and the iteration formulations are To solve Eqn. is based on stochastic gradient descent  , some parameters such as learning rate need to be tuned. Because Hogwild! N is the number of stochastic gradient descent steps. L is the average number of non-zero features in each training instance. Notice that the DREAM model utilize an iterative method in learning users' representation vectors. Then we update parameters utilizing Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD until converge. The objective function can be solved by the stochastic gradient descent SGD. 2-4; ||·|| indicate the 2- norm of the model parameters and λ is the regularization rate. Stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization . the selected documents in Sr−1  , as defined in Equation 4  , and S0 is an empty set. This makes each optimization step independent of the total number of available datapoints. Notice that the normalization factor that appears in Eq. We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: The main difference to the standard classification problem Eq. We further propose a method to optimize such a problem formulation within the standard stochastic gradient descent optimization framework. We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: This reduces the cost of calculating the normalization factor from O|V| to Olog |V|. Then  , the following relation exists between Stochastic gradient descent is a common way of solving this nonconvex problem. It is straightforward to include other variables  , such as pernode and common additive biases. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. Also  , stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization. Pr·|· stands for the probability of the ranking  , as defined in Equation 5. In the M-step  , we fix the posteriors and update Λ that maximizes Equation 8. Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the   , S i−1 . where u  , i denote pairs of citing-cited papers with non-zero entries in C. In experiments  , we used stochastic gradient descent to minimize Eq. That is , As O is computed by summing the loss for each user-POI pair  , we adopt the stochastic gradient descent SGD method for optimization . 2 is minimized. This behavior is quite similar to stochastic gradient descent method and is empirically acceptable. The objective function of LFH-Stochastic has a major trend of convergence to some stationary point with slight vibration. Inspired by Stochastic Gradient Descent updating rules  , we use the gradient of the loss to estimate the model change. It measures model change as the difference between the current model parameters and the parameters trained with expanded training set. When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. If A is a D × D matrix  , this problem corresponds to the work in 13; if A is a d × D matrix where d < D  , this problem corresponds to the work in 18. In order to use gradient descent to find the weight values that maximize our optimization function we need to define a continuous and differentiable loss function  , F loss . In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. Yet  , selecting data which most likely results in zero loss  , thus zero gradients  , simply slows down the optimization convergence. Often  , regularization terms The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. BPTT is to iteratively repeat the calculation of derivations of J with respect to different parameters and obtain these gradients of all the parameters in the end. Joint Objective. Each iteration of the stochastic gradient descent in PV-DBOW goes through each word exactly once  , so we use the document length 1/#d to ensure equal regularizations over long and short documents. Strictly speaking the objective does not decouple entirely in terms of φ and ψ due to the matrices My and Ms. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. The problem can be solved by existing numerical optimization methods such as alternating minimization and stochastic gradient descent. Regularization terms such as the Frobenius norms on the profile vectors can be introduced to avoid overfitting. In our implementation  , we use the alternating optimization for its amenability for the cold-start settings. SGD requires gradients  , which can be effectively calculated as follows: Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. Section 5 combines variational inference and stochastic gradient descent to present methods for large scale parallel inference for this probabilistic model. Section 4 addresses the hidden graph as a random graph. This is can be solved using stochastic gradient descent or other numerical methods. Given an estimate F *   , the problem is reduced to estimating maximum entropy model parameters λ that minimizes the quadratic loss in Equation 4. We alternatively execute Stage I and Stage II until the parameters converge. In Stage II  , we maximize the model likelihood with respect to U and Ψ   , this procedure can be implemented by stochastic gradient descent. where w i is the hypothesis obtained after seeing supervision S 1   , . Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the Retrospectively  , this choice now bears fruit  , as the update exists as an average amenable to stochastic gradient descent. We are able to sample graphs from qH according to Section 4. The mini-batch size of the stochastic gradient descent is set as 1 for all the methods. All the embedding vectors are finally normalized by setting || w||2 = 1. It is similar to batch inference with the constrained optimization problem out of minimizing negative log-likelihood with L2 regularization in Equation 5 replaced by Stochastic gradient descent is used for the online inference . For optimization  , we just use stochastic gradient descent in this paper. where σ −1 i represents the item ranked in position i of σ  , and |Ru| is the length of user u's rating profile. It is a fairly standard and publicly available procedure  , which require no any special knowledge or skills. In fact  , we considered  , also  , model N4 -matrix factorisation via stochastic gradient descent 11  , but it did not produce any significant improvement. In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. in the training set  , for which the correct translation is assigned rank 1. Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. Many methods are available to optimize the objective function above. The prediction of a diverse ranking list is then provided by iteratively maximizing the learned ranking function. On this basis  , we utilize stochastic gradient descent to conduct the unconstrained optimization. Details on how the model is optimized using Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD are given in Section V. This is followed by experiments in Section VI. In Section IV the proposed ranking loss is described in detail. First  , the number of positive examples would put a lower bound on the mini-batch size. This na¨ıvena¨ıve approach to construct the mini-batches for stochastic gradient descent has two main drawbacks. Thus  , next we show how to address this issue such that we can use stochastic gradient descent effectively. 6  , is the limiting factor to draw individual samples from each hypothesis set. Inspired by stochastic gradient descent method  , we propose an efficient way of updating U  , called stochastic learning . per iteration  , and ON 2  memory is needed to store S. Such cost in both computation and storage is unacceptable when N grows large. Considering the data size of the check-in data  , we use stochastic gradient descent 46 to update parametersˆUparametersˆ parametersˆU C   , ˆ V C   , andˆTandˆ andˆT C . Thus  , we only need to estimate the gradient with a very small subset 10 −4 sample rate is adopted in our method of training pairs sampled from R at each iteration. In recommendations   , the number of observations for a user is relatively small. Since the objective − log py decomposes into the sum of the negative log marginals  , we can use stochastic gradient descent with respect to users for training with GPFM. We create CNNs in the Theano framework 29 using stochastic gradient descent with momentum with one convolutional layer  , followed by a max-pooling layer and three fully connected layers. We wish to run our own standard CNN over the 85 problems as a benchmark to understand how it compares to other competing approaches before comparing MCNN to the state of the art. All the CLSM models in this study are trained using mini-batch based stochastic gradient descent  , as described by Shen et al. In practice  , however  , we did observe the data sizes to be comparable across all three datasets during this study. With the negative log marginal given in equation 15  , learning becomes an optimization problem with the optimization variables being the set {X  , X bias   , θ  , σ}. Finally  , after we obtain these parameters  , for a user i  , if the time slot of her next dining is k  , the top-K novel restaurants will be recommended according to the preference ranking of the restaurants  , which is given as We use stochastic gradient descent 45 to solve this optimization problem. Since the number of parameters is large and there are tremendous amount of training data  , we use stochastic gradient descent SGD to learn the model  , since it is proven to be scalable and effective. First  , we look at the top layer weights for field pairs: We develop a Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD based optimization procedure to learn the context-aware latent representations by jointly estimating context related parameters and users' and items' latent factors. We instantiate the proposed framework using biased MF model  , a popular MF based model for rating prediction. This is not a very restrictive assumption since we use stochastic gradient descent which requires to take small steps to converge. We assume that F x; w changes slowly for not affected values and more so for values for which gradients are applied. Then the loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model  , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. Method 1 is one of the most effective approaches for rating prediction in recommender systems 21  , 28  and has been extensively studied in the machine learning literature see for example 25  , 37  , 36  , 22  , 35  , 27 . Since there is no closed form solution for the parameters w and b that minimize Equation 1  , we resort to Stochastic Gradient Descent 30  , a fast and robust optimization method. The second term is introduced for regularization  , where λ controls the strength of regularization. First  , existing OWPC is developed for ranking problem with binary values  , i.e. , relevance or irrelevance  , while in this paper we extend the objective function to rank POIs with different visiting frequencies  , and provide the solutions for stochastic gradient descent optimization. Our proposed method differs from the existing approaches 20  , 21  in two aspects. We employ stochastic gradient descent to learn the parameters   , where the gradients are obtained via backprop- agation 12  , with fixed learning rate of 0.1. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. The remainder of this paper is concerned with a ranking formulation for binary hypothesis sets that allows top-1 prediction within the given hypthesis set as well as classification of that top-1 choice. In Section 6  , we show state of the art results on two practical problems  , a sample of movies viewed by a few million users on Xbox consoles  , and a binarized version of the Netflix competition data set. While we might be able to justify the assumption that documents arrive randomly   , the n-grams extracted from those documents clearly violate this requirement. However   , stochastic gradient descent requires that training examples are picked at random such that the batched update rule 4 behaves like the empirical expectation over the full training set 11. This makes the framework well suited for interactive settings as well as large datasets. Our framework is based upon examining the data in time slices to account for the decayed influence of an ad and we use stochastic gradient descent for optimization . where #d is the number of words in d  , || d|| is the norm of vector d and γ is a hyper-parameter that control the strength of regularization. As an output  , our model produces not only test.predictions  , but  , also  , train.predictions  , which maybe used for smoothing similar to 4. Autonomous Motion Department at the Max-Planck- Institute for Intelligent Systems  , Tübingen  , Germany Email: first.lastname@tue.mpg.de for some subsets of data points separating postives from negatives may be easy to achieve  , it generally can be very hard to achieve this separation for all data points. Figure 5d shows the learning curve of Q-learning incorporating DYNA planning. It can be seen that QA ,-learning takes much fewer steps than Q-learning and fast QA ,-leaming is much faster than QA-Iearning. Like Q-learning. Another popular learning method  , known as sarsa  I I  , is less aggressive than Q-learning. Q-learning incrementally builds a model that represents how the application can be used. In particular  , AutoBlackTest uses Q-learning. The learning rate of Q-learning is slow at the beginning of learning. Q-value rate means percent of the number of rules in which Q-values are gotten to the number of all the rules in the environment. An important condition for convergence is the learning rate. Q-Learning is known to converge to an optimal Q function under appropriate conditions 10. Note that because the Q function learns the value of performing actions  , Q-learning implicitly builds a model. This work can be characterized as demonstrating the utility of learning explicit models to allow mental simulation while learning 2. With Q-Learning  , the learning rate is modeled as a function. When the learning rate eaches zero  , the system has completed its learning. It does not require to know the transition probabilities P . Q-learning estimates the optimal Q * function from empirical data. Based on this observed transition and reward the Q-function is updated using Another issue for MQ is about threshold learning. The MQ with q bits is denoted as q-MQ. A control cycle is initiated by the Q-learning agent issuing an action which in turn actuates the motors on the scaled model. The Q-learning agent is connected to the scaled model via actuation and sensing lines. The agent builds the Q-learning model by alternating exploration and exploitation activities. This feature of Q-learning is extremely useful in guiding the agent towards re-executing and deeply exploring the most relevant scenarios. As above  , the learning of Q-vaille and the learning of the motion make progress giving an effect with each other. So the area of the sensor location where the Q-value for recognition becomes to have a strong peak. First and foremost  , we have demonstrated the extension of our previous Q-learning work I31 to a significantly more complicated action space. This form of Q-learning can also be used  , as postulated by The combination of Q-learning and DYNA gave the best results. It can be seen that Q-learning incorporated with DYNA or environmental·information reduce about 50 percent of the number of steps taken by the agent. q Layered or spiral approaches to learning that permit usage with minimal knowledge. q Rapid  , incremental  , reversible operations whose results are immediately visible. They converge to particular values that turned out to be quite reasonable. Trend of the coefficients of Jq in q = 0 during learning. Afterwards the Q-Learning was trained. Each sequence was used to train one threedimensional SOM. The average dimension was approximately about 6000 states. A learning task assumes that the agents do not have preliminary knowledge about the environment in which they act. The goal of Q-learning is to create a function Q : S×A → R assigning to each state-action pair a Q-value  , Qs  , a  , that corresponds to the agent's expected reward of executing an action a in a state s and following infinitely an optimal policy starting from the next state s ′ : Qs  , a=Rs  , a+γ In our approach we made several important assumptions about the model of the environment. Q-valuê Qs  , a is said to be monotonic for the goal directed Q-learning with action-penalty representation if and only if ∀s  , a Q-learning has been carried out and fitness of the genes is calculated from the reinforced Q-table. An exploration space is structured based on selected actions and a Q-table for the exploration is created. This provides a measure of the quality of executing a state-action pair. Much of policy learning is viewed from the perspective of learning a Q-function. An update in Q-learning takes the form To keep experimental design approachable  , we dropped the use of guidance which is an additional input to speedup learning. the above procedure probabilistically converges to the optimal value function 16. During learning  , it is necessary to choose the next action to execute. is the current estimate of the Q-function  , and α is the learning rate. In this section  , we demonstrate the performance of the Exa-Q architecture in a navigation task shown in Fig.36Table 1shows the number of steps when the agent first derives an optimal path by the greedy policy for &-learning  , Dyna-Q architecture and Exa-Q architec- ture. The learning rate is also fasterFig.4. Sutton 11 employed Q-learning in his Dyna architecture and presented an application of optimal path finding problems. In the course of Q-learning  , a utility function of action-state pairs  , Q  , will be gradually obtained that indicates which action in some state will lead to a better state in order to receive rewards in the future. The tracking performances after ONE learning trial with q=20 are summarized in Table 1. At the beginning of learning control of each situation   , CMAC memory is refreshed. where a is a learning factor  , P is a discounted factor  ,  teed to obtain an optimal policy  , Q-learning needs numerous trials to learn it and is known as slow learning rate for obtaining Q-values. Make a planning according t o the planning procedureFig.1. To this end  , we specify a distribution over Q: PQq can indicate  , for example  , the probability that a specific query q is issued to the information retrieval system which can be approximated. Therefore  , we need to deal with potentially infinite number of related learning problems  , each for one of the query q ∈ Q. Many learning sessions have been performed  , obtaining quickly good results. A learning session consists in initializing the Q function randomly  , then performing several sequences of experiments and learning until a good result is achieved. The RL system is in control of the robot  , and learning progresses as in the standard Q-learning framework. Once the learned policy is good enough to control the robot  , the second phase of learning begins. Then we showed the extended method of connectionist Q-Learning for learning a behavior with continuous inputs and outputs . First  , we discussed the overall architecture for learning of complex motions by real robotic systems. The learning system is applied t o a very dynamic control problem in simulation and desirable abilities have been shown. Learning. Positive/negative vq  , r corresponds to a vote in favor of a positive or negative answer respectively. the action-value in the Q-learning paradigm. For control applications  , they should optimise certain cost functions  , e.g. The parameters of Q-learning and the exploration scheme are the same than in the previous experiments. 9. The learning rate q determines how rapidly EG learns from each example. Initial weight ,s are typically set to i. At the Q-learning  , the penalty that has negative value is employed . Second point is the handling of the penalty. And learning coefficients q and a are 0.1 and 0.2 respectively. where thekyc is the sampled data  , yr target direction. We follow the explanation of the Q-learning by Kaelbling 8. For more through treatment  , see 7. The central challenge in learning to rank is that the objective q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y is highly discontinuous; its gradient is either zero or undefined at any given point w. The vast majority of research on learning to rank is con-cerned with approximating the objective with more benign ones that are more tractable for numerical optimization of w. We review a few competitive approaches in recent work. During training  , we are looking for a w that minimizes q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y usually added to some regularization penalty like w 2 2 on the model. RQ3 Does the representation q 2 of a query q as defined in §3.2.2 provide the means to transfer behavioral information from historical query sessions generated by the query q to new query sessions generated by the query q ? RQ2 Does the LSTM configuration have better learning abilities than the RNN configuration ? The task of question classification could be automatically accomplished using machine learning methods 91011. Given a question 1 2 .. k Q q q q =   , it is natural to assign it to the question class which has highest posterior probability  , i.e. , * arg max Pr |  The goal of information retrieval  , is to learn a retrieval function h * that will be good for all the queries q ∈ Q. Machine learning methods would allow combining the two data sources for more accurate profiles than those obtained from each source alone. Finally  , we note that the B+Q→Q curve is dominated by the Q→Q curve for smaller profiles because of the simplistic profile construction procedure we used. A Q-value is the discounted expected on-line return for per­ forming an action at the current state. In Q­ learning the policy is formed by determining a Q-value for each state-action pair. The latter problem is typically solved using learning to rank techniques. where scq sub   , D is the retrieval score of using q sub to retrieve D. achieve the best retrieval performance. Different meta-path based ranking features and learning to rank model can be used to recommend nodes originally linked to v Q i via these removed edges. , we randomly remove p% of edges in E Q i from the graph. During exploration  , the agent chooses the action to execute randomly  , while during exploitation the agent executes the action with the highest Q-value. Each weight of CMAC has an additional information to store a count of updation of the weight. a t states I and params p  , Q  p   , ~   , u    , employing a Q-learning rule. This function is the maximum cumulative discounted reward that can be achieved by starting from state s and applying action a as the first action. where 0 < y < 1 Q learning defines an evaluation function Qs ,a. Sarsalearning starts with some initial estimates for the Q-values that are then dynamically updated  , but there is no maximization over possible actions in the transition state stti. According to the conditional independency assumptions  , we can get the probability distribution pR ij |q through  , the problem of learning probability pR ij |q  , by a probabilistic graphical model  , which is described by Figure 1. For CXHist  , the buckets are initialized with nexp exponential values and the gradient descent update method with a learning rate of 1 is used. The notation CHk  , q  , triggersize denotes the CH method with parameters k  , q and triggersize. To test the robots  , the Q-learning function is located within another FSA for each individual robot. The Q-learner does not have to select the last role it was executing before it died. Selection and reproduction are applied and new population is structured . The Q-table is reinforced using learning dynamics and the finesses of genes are calculated based on the reinforced Q-table. By this way  , the robot acquired stable target approaching and obstacle avoida nce behavior. And or learning  , we proposed Switching Q-lear ning in which plural Q-tables are used alternately according to dead-lock situations. Learning Inference limit the ability of a model to represent the questions. This results in topic distributions associated with the sets Q and QA and each element contained therein θ Q i and θ QA i Figure 10: The one-dimension of distribution of the Q­ values when the se ct ions of the Q-value surfaces  , Fig. Q-Learning is known to converge to an optimal Q function under appropriate conditions 10. where s t+1 is the state reached from state s when performing action a at time t. At each step  , the value of a state action pair is updated using the temporal difference term  , weighted by a learning rate α t . After Q-Learning is applied  , for making smooth robot motion using key frames  , cubic spline interpolation are applied using the joint angles of key frames. For extracting appropriate key frames  , Q-Learning is applied in order to take away the frame with significant noises. It is difficult to apply the usual Q-learning to the real robot that has many redundant degrees of freedom and large action-state space. The application of the usual Q-learning is restricted to simple tasks with the small action-state space. In the first paper  , it was put forward that Q-learning could be used at any level of the control hierarchy. It may be the case that learning models is easier than learning Q functions  , as models can be learned in a supervised manner and may be smoother or less complex than Q functions. The model representation is learned from data  , and the value function representation is computed. This step is like dividing the problem of learning one single ranking model for all training queries into a set of sub-problems of learning the ranking model for each ranking-sensitive query topic. Topicqi = ⟨P C1|qi  , P C2|qi  , · · ·   , P Cn|qi⟩  , where P Ci|q is the probability that q belongs to Ci. And Q-maps were learned in their approaches instead of directly learning a sequence of associations between states and behaviors. But in their methods  , fixed-priority mechanisms such as suhsumption were employed  , and thus  , priority should be given before learning. However  , there have only been a small number of learning experiments with multiple robots to date. There has been a lot of successful use of Q learning on a single robot. Q-learning also implicitly learns the reward function . Comparisons between direct and model-based learning for efficiency and task-transfer can also be found in Atkeson and Santamaria 13  for swing up of pendulum with continuous actions. The only way that Q-learning can find out information about its environment is to take actions and observe their effects . The other main problem is that of incorporating prior knowledge into the learning system. Five different learning coefficients ranging: from 0.002 to 0.1 are experimented. The query sets for learning and evaluation are the same as those in the experiments of section 4  , that is to say  , Q r and Q2  , respectively. Some LOs may require prerequisites. Given a learning request Q and a repository of learning objects {LO 1   , ..  , LO n }  , find a composition of LOs that covers the user's query as much as possible. As a result  , learning on the task-level is simpler and faster than learning on the component system level. Task-level learning is applied to the entire system  , as oppwed to each component Q vision ayatem level module  , in order to reduce the degrees of freedom of the learning problem. This form of Q-learning can also be used  , as postulated by It could be used to control behavioral assemblages as demonstrated in the intercept scenario. To build a machine learning based quality predictor  , we need training samples. Therefore  , we need to properly handle these bad documents Q&A pairs. In our final experiment we tested the scalability of our approach for learning in very high dimensions. x ≡ q ∈ IR 27  This example implementation assumes the SAGE RL module uses Q-learning 9 . The exploration cost measures how well the policy performs on the target task. The state space consists of interior states and exterior states. <Formation of Q-learning> The action space consists of the phenotypes of the generated genes. For participant 2  , Q-learning converged in 75% of the cases and required around 100 steps on average. Convergence usually took around 70 steps. We developed a simple framework to make reward shaping socially acceptable for end users. An update in Q-learning takes the form Before Q* can be calculated with con­ ventional techniques  , the domain must be discretized. Many learning scenarios involve demonstrations in a con­ tinuous domain. So improvement of the performance of the acquired strategy is expected and the And a new strategy is acquired using Q-learning. The evaluation is given every 1 second. The values of normalization constant   , U and learning rate q were empirically set to 0.06 and 0.04  , respectively. Thus  , the first stage has become a bottleneck for the entire planner. First  , the computational cost of learning the optimal Q values is expensive in the first stage. 6 and Tan 7  studied an application of singleagent Q-learning to multiagent tasks without taking into account the opponents' strategies. Relatively to our approach  , Sen et al. The simulation results manifest our method's strong robustness. And 200 times reproduction is carried out. Since we assume the problem solving task  , the unbiased Q-learning takes long time. Figure 4shows an example of such state space. They show that given the optimal values  , the Q-learning team can ultimately match or beat the performance of the Homogeneous team. 6. We will call this type of reward function sparse. However  , there are a number of problems with simply using standard Q-learning techniques. where q 0 is the original query and α is an interpolation parameter. We will use these retrieval scores as a feature in learning to rank. Fortunately  , we saw in §2.2 that Θ Q could be more accurately estimated by applying supervised learning. A similarly striking effect for dependencies is observed in §3.4. And 30 times reproduction is carried out. The f q  , d model is constructed automatically using supervised machine learning techniques with labelled ranking data 13. In an IR setting  , a system maintains a collection of documents D. Given a query q  , the system retrieves a subset of documents d ∈ Dq from the collection  , ranks the documents by a global ranking model f q  , d  , and returns the top ranked documents. The goal of learning-to-rank is to find a scoring function f x that can minimize the loss function defined as: Let P Q denote the probability of observing query Q  , based on the underlying distribution of queries in the universe Q of all possible queries that users can issue together with all possible result combinations. It was then shown in 5 that Q-learning in general case may have an exponential computational complexity. The convergence of the estimated Qvalues   , ˆ Qs  , a  , to their optimal values  , ⋆ Qs  , a  , was proven in 4 under the conditions that each state-action pair is updated infinitely often  , rewards are bounded and α tends asymptotically to 0. CONTEX is a deterministic machine-learning based grammar learner/parser that was originally built for MT Hermjakob  , 1997. For questions with the Qtargets Q-WHY-FAMOUS  , Q-WHY-FAMOUS-PERSON  , Q-SYNONYM  , and others  , the parser also provides qargs—information helpful for matching: At first  , an initial set of population is structured randomly  , and the Q-table that consists of phenotype of the initial population is constructed. Hence  , we cast the problem of learning a distance metric D between a node and a label as that of learning a distance metric D that would make try to ensure that pairs of nodes in the same segment are closer to each other than pairs of nodes across segments. If our distance metric D assigns a very small distance between p and q then it will also make sure that p and q are close to the same labels |D p  , α−D q  , α| ≤ D p  , q from triangle inequality. where the learning rate 7lc is usually much greater than the de-learning rate q ,. It should be pointed out that the original RPCL was proposed heuristically  , but it has been shown that it is actually a special case of the general RPCL proposed in 6  , which was obtained from harmony learning6  , 71 and with the ability of automatically determining the learning and de-learning rates. Task-level learning provides a method of compensating for the structural modelling errors of the robot's component level control systems. In general Q-learning methods  , exploration of learning space is promoted by selecting an action by a policy which selects actions stochastically according to the distribution of action utilities. Hence we determine the policy so as to output the action of the largest utility  , uPp ,r  , and to explore the learning space we add stochastic fluctuation ll1is method is an appr oximate dynamic pro­ gramming method in which only value updating is per­ formed based on local informa tion. Introduction of Learning Method: "a-Learning" Althongh therc are several possible lcarning mcthods that could be used in this system  , we employed the Q-learning method 6. Using example trajectories through the space allows us to easily incorporate human knowledge about how to perform a task in the learning system. The corresponding learning curves  , convergence rates  , and the average rewards are different based on the property values and the number of the blocks. For Q-learning  , we experimentally chose a learning rate α = 0.01 and a discount factor γ = 0.8; these parameters influence the extent to which previously unseen regions of the state-action space are explored. The use of prior system expertise explains the small number of grasp trials required in the construction of the F/S predictor mod- ule. The results suggest that learning to identify successful interaction patterns between a predictable grasp controller and a class of object geometries is more efficient than learning a control policy from scratch Q-learning.  Introduction of Learning Method: "a-Learning" Althongh therc are several possible lcarning mcthods that could be used in this system  , we employed the Q-learning method 6. The execution term of each oscillation motion per one action is two peri­ ods. It has been verified that such a hierarchical learning method works effectively for a centralize d controlled systems  , but the effectiveness of such a distributed controllcd system is not guaranteed. 4.2.2 Proposed Method: "Switching-Q": For cases in­ volving complex problems  , such as a robot's navigati on learning  , some hierarchical learning methods have bee n proposed 9  , 10  , 11  , etc. where q i k is the desired target value of visible neuron i at time step k. Additionally to the supervised synaptic learning  , an unsupervised learning method called intrinsic plasticity IP is used. In the following the online gradient rule with learning rate η IP and desired mean activity µ is shown: As the performance demonstration of the proposed method  , we apply this method on navigation tasks. In this paper  , we present an Exa-Q architecture which learns models and makes plans using the learned models to help a learning agent explore an environment actively  , avoids the learning agent falling into a local optimal policy  , and further  , accelerates the learning rate for deriving the optimal policy. It can be proven 17 that this formula converges if each action is executed in each state an infinite number of times and a is decayed appropriately. Thus the Q-function makes the actions explicit  , which allows us to compute them on-line using the following Q-learning update rule: where a is the learning rate  , and y is the discount factor 0 5 y < 1 . Second  , if the learning rate is low enough to prevent the overwriting of good information  , it takes too long to unlearn the incorrect portion of the previously learned policy. None of these methods work in conjunction with direct transfer of Q-values for the same two reasons: First  , if the learning rate is too high  , correct in­ formation is overwritten as new Q-values are up­ dated. Some researchers minimize a convex upper bound 17 on the objective above: The central challenge in learning to rank is that the objective q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y is highly discontinuous; its gradient is either zero or undefined at any given point w. The vast majority of research on learning to rank is con-cerned with approximating the objective with more benign ones that are more tractable for numerical optimization of w. We review a few competitive approaches in recent work. Each  X is classified into two categories based on the maximum action values separately obtained by Q learning: the area where one of the learned behaviors is directly applicable  n o more learning area  , and the area where learning is necessary due t o the competition of multiple behaviors re-learning area. JQe apply the proposed method t o a simplified soccer game including two mobile robots Figure 5. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we explain the task and assumptions   , and give a brief overview of the Q-learning. issues from a viewpoint of robot learning: a coping with a " state-action deviation " problem which occurs in constructing the state and action spaces in accordance with outputs from the physical sensors and actuators   , and b learning from easy missions mechanism for rapid task learning instead of task decomposition. Instead of learning only one common hamming space  , LBMCH is to learn hashing functions characterized by Wp and Wq for the p th and q th modalities  , which can map training data objects into distinct hamming spaces with mp and mq dimensions i.e. , code length  , respectively  , such that mp and mq may be different. i i = 1  , ···  , Nq to be the columns of Z q   , we have Z q ∈ R k×Nq . Thus  , improvements in retrieval quality that address intrinsically diverse needs have potential for broad impact. For example  , considering average number of queries  , total time  , and prevalence of such sessions  , common tasks include: discovering more information about a specific topic 6.8 queries  , 13.5 min  , 14% of sessions; comparing products or services 6.8 q  , 24.8 m  , 12%; finding facts about a person 6.9 q  , 4.8 m  , 3.5%; and learning how to perform a task 13 q  , 8.5 m  , 2.5%. In addition  , we study a retrieval model which is trained by supervised signals to rank a set of documents for given queries in the pairwise preference learning framework. Given a query q and a document d  , the relevance score between q and d is modeled as: As results shown  , Dyna-Q architecture accelerates the learning rate greatly and gets better Q-value rate because planning are made in the learned model. In general  , the &-value rate of Qlearning is lowerFig.5  , and  , the number of steps to enter the goal for the first time by the greedy policy is also larger Table 1. What is needed for learning are little variations of these quantities displacements: ∆x  , ∆F and ∆q. During the motion data are gathered from absolute position sensor  , x ∈ R 2   , force sensor tendons tensions  , F ∈ R 3   , and motor encoders  , q ∈ R 3 . find that a better method is to combine the question-description pairs used for training P D|Q with the description-question pairs used for training P Q|D  , and to then use this combined set of pairs for learning the word-to-word translation probabilities. Xue et al. But such a complexity may be substantially reduced to some small polynomial function in the size of the state space if an appropriate reward structure is chosen and if Q-values are initialized with some " good " values. In this section  , we will discuss an accuracy metric and a learning method that are probably more relevant to the grasping task than previous work. , m q } where y qi = r which means i-th pair has rank r. The NDCG score for scene q is defined as 29 So if the fitness is calculated from unregulated Q-table  , the selected actions at the state that is close to the goal are evaluated as a high val.ues. In the Q-learning  , the value of the state that is closer to goal state is higher. Furthennore  , Table Ishows that  , in the Switching-Q case  , the rates fall in all situations  , comparing with the 90% uf after-learning situatiun in Single-Q case. Thus  , each agent acquired its action rules in or der to appro­ priately use those rules in various situations. It is because 528 that  , for distributed agents  , the transitions between new rule ta ble and pa�t rule table were not simultane ous. As Q increases  , both BITM and sBITM show that they can learn the topic labels more accurately when there are more brand conscious users. By taking average of all Errk t   , we can define error T opicErr in learning topics for each model as performs the same when Q = 100. Executing an action with a high Q-value in the current state does not necessarily return an immediate high reward  , but the future actions will very likely return a high cumulative reward. The idea behind learning is to find a scoring function that results in the most sensitive hypothesis test. The corresponding feature vector ϕq  , c would then have two binary features ϕq  , c = 1  , if c is last click; 0 else 1  , if c is not last click; 0 else . However  , this approach is also problematic as a single URL in the test set  , which was unseen in the training set  , would yield an infinite entropy estimate. by learning the distribution of the triples U RL  , Q  , IP  on one set of training data  , and then using these probabilities to estimate HU RL|Q  , IP  on a different set of test data. These weights should reflect the effectiveness of the lists with respect to q. q  , l  , where α l is a non-negative weight assigned to list l. The prediction over retrieved lists task that we focus on here is learning the α l weights. The exploration-cost estimate is used by the ECM to help remove certain types of incorrect advice. An estimatc of the exploration cost  , denoted R  , is used during learning and is calculated using the current estimate of the Q-valucs  , Q  s   , a  . Unlike the uni-modal data ranking  , cross-modal ranking attempts to learn a similarity function f q  , d between a text query q and an image d according to a pre-defined ranking loss. We consider that learning scores for ranking from a supervised manner  , in which the ranking of images corresponding to a given textual query is available for training. Indeed  , an important characteristic of any query-subset selection technique would be to decrease the value-addition of a query q ∈ Q based on how much of that query has in common with the subset of queries already selected S. Submodularity is a natural model for query subset selection in Learning to Rank setting. To illustrate this goal  , consider the following hypothetical scenario where the scoring function scoreq  , c = w T ϕq  , c differentiates the last click of a query session from other clicks within the same session. Typically a learning-to-rank approach estimates one retrieval model across all training queries Q1  , ..  , Q k represented by feature vectors  , after which the test query Qt is ranked upon the retrieval model and the output is presented to the user. Q1  , ..  , Q k are the queries in the training set and Qt is the test query. \Ve also tried several alternate exploration strategies 12 including recency-based  , counter­ based  , and error-based exploration. TALI denotes the traditional active learning using informativeness  , where the most 20 uncertain instances are added to previous training set to train a new active learner. The batch  Q  size is set to be 20.  ,\ = 0.5 and 3 = 1. One of the great advantages of direct manipulation is that it places the task in the center of what users do. Figure 2shows the DCG comparison results. Since traditional active learning approaches cannot directly applied to query selection in ranking  , we compare it with random query selection denoted by Random-Q used in practice. For comparison purposes  , the corresponding plot for the Q-learning based controller and is also shown plot c and the knowledge-based controller plotb  , averaged over 500 epochs. Our method can be applied to nondeterministic domain because the Q-learning is used t o find out the optimal policy for accomplishing the given task. These procedures can make non-uniform quantization of the state space. We assume that the robot can discriminate the set  the reward distribution  , we can solve the optimal policy   , using methods from dynamic programming 19. Here  , we briefly review the basics of the Q-learning 20. At each step  , Q-learning generates a value for the swing time from a predefined discrete set 0.2 to 1.0 second  , increment of 0.02 second. a and y of Equation 1 are assigned 0.1 and 0.9 respectively. The knowledge offered by a learning object LO i and the prerequisites required to reach that LO are denoted LO i and PR i respectively. The user's query and his background knowledge are denoted Q and BK respectively . One action is selected according to Boltzmann Dis­ tribution in the learning phase  , and is selected accord­ ing to the greedy metho d in the execution phase using the Q-values. 1  , 0.99 is employed. Jordan and Rumelhart proposed a composite learning system as shown in Unfortunately   , the relationship between the actions and the outcomes is unknown Q priori  , that is  , we don't know the mathematical function that represents the envi- ronment. However  , tracking performancc IS difficult to evaluate bcforc actual excculion of Icaining control. Simulation results reveal that uniform tracking performance with ~=0.017 rad one dcgrcc can casily be achicvcd with thc learning factor q chosen somcwhat freely. Parallel Learning. By reusing S q and the prediction cachê rui  , we can calculate the objective function in O|R| + M K 2  time  , much faster than with direct calculation. All other agents utilized a discount rate of 0.7. The Q-learning module of the ACT- PEN agent used a discount rate of 1.0 and actions were selected greedily from the current policy with ties being broken randomly. Figure 4shows the distribution of trajectory times according to two adjoining distances and the best result of Q-learning. This restriction can easily be removed to allow the vehicle to select the best path. Ealch trial starts at a random location and finishes either when the goal is attained or when 100 steps are carried out. In both mappings  , Q-learning with Boltzmann ex- m 1st mapping 2nd mapping ploration was used. These tentative states are regarded as the states in Q-learning at the next iteration. As a result  , in terms of one tSk  , 2 N leaf nodes are generated and correspond t o tentative states. However  , γ i is also low when significant noise are overlapped. The values of learning rates ⌘1 and ⌘2 are set as constant 0.05 in the experiments. Matrices P and Q will be updated with equations given in Section 3.1.3 until convergence. q Optimized Set Reduction OSR  , which is based on both statistics and machine learning principles Qui86. This technique has been applied to software engineering modeling MK92  , as well as other experimental fields. We retrieve documents with the expanded query˜qquery˜ query˜q  , which provides us with a retrieval score per document. Our robot can select an action to be taken in the current state of the environment. In applying Q-learning to our task  , we have to define an action space. We randomly selected 894 new Q&A pairs from the Naver collection and manually judged the quality of the answers in the same way. However  , we can compute them incrementally 7  , by using eligibility traces. The above updates in QA-learning cannot be made as long as future rewards are not known. When the robot is initially started  , it signals the MissionLab console that it is active and loads the parameters for random hazards. This allows for real-time reward learning in many situations  , as is shown in Section IV . Second  , calculation of the control action aCL is typically extremely fast compared to calculating or approximating an entire action-value function Q*. Armed with crowdsourced labels and feature vectors  , we have reduced circumlocution to a classical machine learning problem. In the two- Query Symptom q s  , dicts  , encycs  , roots  , synroots  , paras The former function is realized to select key frames using Q-Learning approach for removing the noisy camera data. In this study  , we have proposed methods for mimicking and evaluating human motion. The agent aims not only to explore the various features of the application under test  , but also to identify the most significant features and their combinations. The model distinguishes high-value from low-value paths  , that are paths with high and low Q-values. The model obtained at the end of the learning phase represents the portion of the execution space that has been explored. This approach has been developed at the University of Maryland and has been applied in several software engineering applications lj3BT92  , BBH92. Type indicates the type of entry: 'F' for a frequent value or 'Q' for a quantile adjustment for the corresponding Col_Value value. Timestamp is the compile time of the query and is used to prohibit learning from old knowledge. Because they have sufficient rules and weights  , the answers are created from learning their known question and answer pairs in the open domain. Abraham Ittycheriah applied Machine Translation ideas to the Q/A 3. They search for a good sequence of tree edit operations using complex and computationally expensive Tree Kernel-based heuristic. Heilman & Smith  , 2010 15 develop an improved Tree Edit Distance TED model for learning tree transformations in a q/a pair. And a new strategy is acquired using Q-learning. At the next generation  , a new exploration space that includes the actions that is succeeded in the previous generation is generated. For comparison purposes  , the corresponding results for the knowledge-based controller and the Q-learning controller are reported in columns a and b  , respectively. Table 1  , column c reports the average percent failure rate observed for each object. The state space consists of the initial state and the states that can be transited by generated actions. 4shows the data flow in the control loop that runs at f control = 7.81 Hz. Table 2 contains the values which achieved the best performance for each map. A moving average window of 25 consecutive values is used to smooth the data. Learning is completely data-driven and has therefore no explicit model knowledge about the robot platform. The RNN implements a dynamical mapping between end-effector positions u and joint values q. In theory  , this is all that is necessary for the robot to learn the optimal policy. This phenomenon can be explained by observing that humans do not always explicitly reward correct social behavior. In our experiments with asynchronous Q-Learning  , the system appears to forget as soon as it learns. In order to confirm the effectiveness of our method  , we conducted an experiment. However  , it does not exploit information from Δ. This is a reasonable objective as it leads to positive values of w δφ q y  at optimum  , which is the case in structured learning. For different values of maxlength  , AUPlan clearly represents a tradeoff between the optimal solution OptPlan and the Q-learning based solution QPlan. When the maxlength is three  , AUPlan has about 85% of the optimal solution. It is well-known that learning m based on ML generally leads to overfitting. Let r i = |Ω Xi | and q i = |Ω X pai |  , then the number of free parameters is defined as The results show that the Exa-Q architecture not only explores an environment actively but also is faster in learning rate. Fig.9 shows the comparison of the Qvalue rate at probability 0.1. The force measurements at the wing base consist of gravitational  , inertial and aerodynamic components. Before getting into the details of our system  , we briefly review the basics of the Q-learning. For each state-action pair  s   , a    , the reward r  s   , a  is defined. Eighteen P=18 images from each scene class were used for training and the remaining ones Q=6 for testing. In the experiments in this section  , we investigate how attention affects learning and recognition of cluttered scenes. from the learning and diagnostic heuristics point of view  , the goal is not only to diagnose the error but also to encode the diagnostic heuristics for the error hypothesis. and E-= q ,e3 ,egl. Unlike Q­ learning  , QA-leaming not only considers the immediate reward  , it also takes the discounted future rewards into consideration. It propagates the reward backward only one step. Figures 4 and 5show examples where it converged for each participant. On every third revision  , three exploration-free rollouts were evaluated  , each using identical controls  , to evaluate learning progress. Results reported here are for qterminal = 300  , T = 300  , q = 1  , R = .33331 . The cumulative discounted reward is the sum of rewards that a robot expects to receive after entering into a particular state. Q learning is designed to optimize a robot policy n that is based on cumulative discounted rewards V". Continuous states are handled and continuous actions are generated by fuzzy reasoning in DFQL. This method keeps the main advantage of Q-learning over actor-critic leaming -the ability of exploration insensitivity  , which is desired in real-world applications. Thus  , learning to rank can also be regarded as a classification problem  , where the label space Y is very large. The " defect " of a ranking y wrt the ideal ranking y q is encoded in a loss function 17 While this generality is appealing and necessary in situations where modeling is impractical  , learning tends to be less data-efficient and is not generalizable to different tasks within the same environment 8. Model-free RL approaches  , such as Q-Learning 6 and policy gradient descent 7  , are capable of improving robot performance without explicitly modeling the world. They showed that if the other agents' policies are stationary then the learning agent will converge to some stationary policy as well. If a function approximator is used to learn the policy  , value  , or Q function inadequate exploration may lead to interference during learning  , so correct portions of the policy are actually degraded during learning. In both cases  , if the policy exploration is not adequate  , some regions of the policy may be incorrect. A table is created whose rows correspond to combinations of property values of blocks that can be involved in a put action. problem and learns a policy to achieve the desired configuration using Q-learning; this learning may be achieved using a combination of simulation and real-world trials. Because the learning rate is smaller than unity  , without reward  , the value of a given stateaction pair decreases  , effectively causing the system to treat absence of reward as punishment. As an example of the application  , the proposed method is tested with a two-link brachiation robot which learns a control policy for its swing motion 191. The learning method is based on Q-learning using connectionist model for representing utility functions 12546. All agents used a learning rate  , cy = 1.0 due to the deterministic environment. Previous work has generally solved this problem either by using domain knowledge to create a good discretization of the state space 9 or by hierarchically decomposing the problem by hand to make the learning task easier In all of the work presented here  , we use HEDGER as part of our Q-learning implementation. The main reason is that the values of rewards fade over time  , causing all robots to prefer actions that have immediate rewards. Popular non-averagereward-based learning techniques such as Q learning are effective at the action level  , but not at the task level  , because they do not induce cooperation  , understood as the division of labor according to function and/or location.   , a , , , based on their q-values with an exploration-exploitation strategy of l  , while the winning local action Because the basic fuzzy rules are used as starting points  , the robot can be operated safely even during learning and only explore the interesting environments to accelerate the learning speed. As regards the learning component  , the extensive studies have been made. In the single-agent case there is a remarkable example of study of the complexity of single-agent Q-learning with a comparison of heuristically initialized and zero-initialized cases by Koenig and Sim- mons 5. To overcome the third problem we can give greater importance to the last steps by increasing the rate of E changing. The problem solving task is defined as any learning task where the system receives a reward only upon entering a goal state. We assume the " homogeneous " state space uniformly Ic-bounded with polynomial width of the depth IC and zero-initialized Q-learning with a problem solving task. Prior knowledge can be embedded into the fuzzy rules  , which can reduce the training time significantly. This self-organizing feature makes system performance better than that of the conventional Fuzzy Q-Learning FQL of 181  , in which structure identification  , such as partitioning the input and output space and determination of number of fuzzy rules are still carried out offline and kept fixed during learning. In all scenes  , the policies are learned incrementally and efficiently. We showed an important feature of the B-spline fuzzy controller: for supervised learning  , if the squared error is selected as the action-value  , its partial differentiation with respect to each control vertex is a convex function. Q-learning 4 is a dynamic programming method that consists in calculating the utility of an action in a state by interacting with the environment. A learning agent should calculate an optimal policy ⋆ π by making a number of trials  , i.e. , by interacting with the environment. This learning rate was found to give optimal convergence speed vs final MSE  , however any learning rate within the range of 0.01 to 0.04 gave comparable results. The relationship between the number of hidden units and MSE on training and test data for a q of 0.02 is shown in Figure 6; note the test performance is evaluated at 5 epoch intervals. DFQL generalizes the continuous input space with hzzy rules and has the ability o f responding to the varying states with smoothly varying actions using fuzzy reasoning. In this paper  , we employ a new Q-learning method  , termed DFQL  , to facilitate real-time dynamic learning and control of mobile robots. Decrement the utility of entries in T b i that correspond to the property values identified for a worst . First  , we consider the mechanism of behavioral learning of simple tar get approaching. From this table  , we can see that in the single Q-learning case  , the correspunding rates of both cases were about 10% at initial phase of learning  , while  , after learning  , the rates rose up to ov er 90%  , Tha t is  , as a result of distribuh!d learning  , selection prob­ abilities of actions so rise that some strong connections of rules among the agents or inside one individual agent were implicitly formed  , consequently  , the sequential motion patterns were acquired. Further by refining the model and improving the value function estimates with real experiences  , the proposed method enhances the convergence rate of Q-learning. But differing from planning previous like k-certainty exploration learning system or Dyna-Q architecture which utilizes the learned model to adjust the policy or derive an optimal policy to the goal  , the objective of this planning is using the learned model to aid the agent to search the rules not executed till current time and realize fully exploring the environment. On the other hand  , "Rate of inner-agent" means that of rule transi­ tion inside the certain single agent. Eventually robot has a single color TV camera and does not know the locationis  , the sizes and the weights of the ball and the other agent  , any camera parameters such as focal length and tilt angle  , or kinematics/dynamics of itself . The performance of the Translation Model and the Translation- Based Language Model will rely on the quality of the word-to-word translation probabilities. The task of generating hash codes for samples can be formalized as learning a mapping bx  , referred to as a hash function  , which can project p-dimensional real-valued inputs x ∈ R p onto q-dimensional binary codes h ∈ H ≡ {−1  , 1} q   , while preserving similarities between samples in original spaces and transformed spaces. In this work  , we propose to use hashing methods to address the efficiency problem. In the case of model-based learning the planner can compensate for modeling error by building robust plans and by taking into account previous task outcomes in adjusting the plan independently of model updates Atkeson and Schaal  , 1997. At this point it is only a hope rather than a guarantee that a policy based on the imperfect model Q function will lead to experiences that correct the model's Q function's flaws. Planning is made through " examining " every Q values on the model which is learned by real experiences. In the following  , we will describe a generic approach to learning all these probabilities following the same way. Given an answer a  , a question q and a user u described by feature vectors x a   , x q and x u   , let the probability of them being a good answer  , good question  , good asker or good answerer be P xa  , P xq  , Pqstxu and Pansxu  , respectively. The most closely related branches of work to ours are 1 those that aim to mine and summarize opinions and facets from documents especially from review corpora  , and 2 those that study Q/A systems in general. Rather  , our goal is to use Q/A data as a means of learning a 'useful' relevance function  , and as such our experiments mainly focus on state-of-the-art relevance ranking techniques. For instance  , for the setting of q = 1/4X2 used in our experiments  , and with appropriate assumptions about the random presentation of examples   , their results imply the following upper bound on the expected square loss of the vector w computed by WH:l Kivinen and Warmuth focus on deriving upper bounds on the error of WH and EG for various settings of the learning rate q. The learning method does not need to care about these issues. If we assign a reward function according to the Euclidean distance to the goal to speed 13t8 Table 2up the learning  , we would suffer from local maxima of Q-values because the Euclidean distance measure cannot always reflect the length of the action sequence because of the non-holonomic property of the mobile robot. Eqn.8 provides continuity from this self-learn value as well as allowing for a varying degree of influence from the selfrelevant on the whole relevant set  , controlled by the learning rate 'rIQ and the number of iterations VQ. set of queries {qJ known relevant to d  , using a schedule q~  , v~ and leading to improved estimates for WV& It is found that results are sensitive to these learning schedules. b With the learned mapping matrices W q and W v   , queries and images are projected into this latent subspace and then the distance in the latent subspace is directly taken as the relevance of query-image. a Latent subspace learning between textual query and visual image: click-through-based cross-view learning by simultaneously minimizing the distance between the query and image mappings in the latent subspace weighted by their clicks and preserving the inherent structure in each original feature space. Although it takes long time to converge  , the learning method can find a sequence of feasible actions for the robot to take. When models are incorrect  , a local optimal policy may be planned which will affect the exploration in the environment  , because the agent may attempt to exploit the planned greedy policy as using non-active exploration action selector. The benefit is that it is much safer to incrementally add highly informative but strongly correlated features such as exact phrase match  , match with and without stemming  , etc. associated with each query q  , as is standard in learning to rank 21. However  , this feature was quite noisy and sparse  , particularly for URLs with query parameters e.g. , http://searchmsn n.com/results.aspx ?q=machine+learning&form=QBHP. For each URL in our train and test sets  , we provided a feature to fRank which was how many times it had been visited by a toolbar user. In order to figure out how many steps are needed to converge the Q-learning  , we use O  k  state space and simplify the convergence such that the value of the action value function in each state converges if it is updated from the initial value 0. In LEM  , however  , the robot wanders around the field crossing over the states easy to achieve the goal even if we initially place it at such states. In the task decomposition approach  5    , the Q-learning is closed inside each subtask. In this paper  , the use of Q-learning as a role-switching mechanism in a foraging task is studied. The challenge from a robotics perspective is to determine when role switching is advantageous to the team  , versus remaining in their current roles. Martinson et a1 13  , worked with even higher levels of abstraction  , to coordinate high-level behavioral assemblages in their robots to learn finite state automata in an intercept scenario. Their robot used Q-learning to learn how to push boxes around a room without gening stuck. It takes the agent many steps to find a good path  , especially in the initial trials. We now propose three learning methods  , with each corresponding to opimizing a specific inverse hypothesis test. After training  , the learned w and the resulting test statistic δ w q ,C ,C  will be applied to new pairs of retrieval functions h test   , h test  of yet unkown relative retrieval quality. The results in Table 1show that the PI-based grasp controller performs remarkably well under the experimental conditions. State space should include necessary and sufficient information to achieve the given goal while it should be compact because Q-learning time can be expected exponential in the size of the state space 21 . Totally  , we have 1327 states in the state space If perfect models are not available  , the heuristic search and A*-based methods are able to find good solutions while requiring an order of magnitude less data than Q-Learning approaches. The techniques that do not attempt to create explicit models must run thousands of iterations on the true robot to find policies. Therefore  , our push-boxto-goal task is made to involve following three suhtask; A the robot needs to find the potential boxsearchTarget1 and approach to the boxapproach Also  , the robot needs to find the pathway to the goalsearchTarget2. C. Classifiers in contention For multi-class problems  , a concept referred to as " classifiers in contention " the classifiers most likely to be affected by choosing an example for active learning is introduced in 15. Denote the top two classes with highest probability values for the distributions P and Q to be c 1 In Section 1 we discussed the challenges of learning and evaluation in the presence of noisy ground truth and sparse features. Hence  , the advertisability i.e. , the probability of the ads displayed for query q to be clicked can be written as: The example x is then labelled with the class y  , the newly labelled example x  , y is temporarily inserted into the training set  , and then its class and class probability distribution Q are newly predicted. Briefly sketched  , an unlabelled example x is predicted a class y and respective class probability distribution P by the given machine learning classifier. In the context of the appearance-based approach  , the mapspace X into action space Y remains a nontrivial problem in machine learning  , particularly in incremental and realtime formulations. Each internal node has q children  , and each child is associated with a discriminating function: For a more detailed discussion of Q-learning  , the reader is referred to 7 ,17 It can be proven 17 that this formula converges if each action is executed in each state an infinite number of times and a is decayed appropriately. More specifically  , each learning iteration has the following structure: Let us elaborate on some of the steps. The "empirical" rewards obtained in the simulation are used to update the expected value of taking the action -in other words to update the current approxi­ mation Q. Using the translation probabilities introduced in the previous subsection  , we can now define a probabilistic measurement for the overall coherence for a query q s   , i.e. , The key of this learning procedure is to first define the overall coherence for a query  , and then efficiently identify the set of translation probabilities that maximizes the overall coherence measurement. As more domain knowledge used to guide the search  , less real data and planning steps are required. After learning  , all motor primitive formulations manage to reproduce the movements accurately from the training example for the same target velocity and cannot be distinguished. This set of differential equations has the same time conHere  , an artificial training example i.e. , q = 2t 2 + cos4tπ − 1 is generated. We have also implemented alur regionbased Q-learning method  Since the TCP/IP protocol is basically used for the execution-level communication  , t hLe control architecture implemented on the central conitroller has been easily tested and modified by connecting with the graphic simulator before the real application to the humanoid robot. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we describe our method to automatically quantize the sensor spaces. Note  , partial bindings  , which come from the same input  , have the same set of unevaluated triple patterns. Distributions for random variables X s Q u b may be obtained by learning a score distribution P X s i  for each join input i. These feature values are then used by a ranking model calculated via Learning To Rank to provide an ordered list of vocabulary terms. Subsequently  , TermPicker calculates various feature values for each candidate x in conjunction with the query-SLP slp q . For example  , an LS for a lecture by Professor PG's on hydraulic geometric lesson would contain collections that foster student understanding of basic concepts such as w  , d  , v  , and Q and enable hypothesis testing concerning relations among them. Instructors select materials useful for promoting learning while students use them to learn. Furthermore  , LSs can be customized by teachers or learners  , and may include tools to promote learning. The learning threshold E l in our simulation study is also chosen concerning the characteristics of the sequential data sets and locates in the range 0.05  , 0.5. A chunk of training data containing K 0 observations will be used to initialize the system  , achieving the initial hidden layer matrix H 0   , the initial output weight matrix Q When the agent finds that staying at a state s will bring higher utility than taking any actions from that state  , it should stop taking any actions wisely. One solution was to provide an additional feature which was the number of times any URL at the given domain was visited by a toolbar user. systems like Watson 11  , or generally systems whose task is to retrieve a list of objective facts that conclusively answer a query. They showed empirically the convergence of Q-learning in that case. b represents the numbero f states explored and the trial  , in which an equilibrium was found  , as a functions of the initial value of α. games with the opponent modeling via fictitious play. Kivinen and Warmuth focus on deriving upper bounds on the error of WH and EG for various settings of the learning rate q. Kivinen and Warmuth Kivinen & Warmuth  , 1994 study in detail the theoretical behavior of EG and WH  , building on previous work Cesa-Bianchi et al. , 1993; Widrow & Stearns  , 1985. LambdaMART 30 is a state-of-the-art learning to rank technique  , which won the 2011 Yahoo! Therefore the final gradient λ new a of a document a within the objective function is obtained over all pairs of documents that a participates in for query q: In such a way  , knowledge of RR contained in the skill could be extended to the arbitrary path that belongs to the learning domain. The value of parameter CT at ET ll& along with SP s = s determines RR for the path point Qu ,. To demonstrate the efficacy of the modified cost function  , a 9-8-1 feedforward ANN is used. Similar to 171  , in order for the control method to be effective  , the ANN learning rate  , and the error coefficients Q  , R  , and S must be carefully tuned. So without prior knowledge  , efficient search  , compare to trial and error   , is possible. In QDSEGA  , Q-learning is applied to a small subset of exploration space to acquire some knowledge ofa task  , and then the subset of exploration space is restructured utilizing the acquired knowledge  , and by repeating this cycle  , effective subset and effective policy in the subset is acquired. The robot has been also trained to overcome an obstacle in the direction of the goal obtaining analogous results initializing also in this case randomly the Q-function. Each lesson lasts a few seconds  , so a complete learning session should last few minutes  , allowing the robot to quickly set-up each time the operative conditions change. Thus the learning rate must balance the agenL's need to unlearn incorrect old informa­ tion  , while preserving old information which was correct. It must drop the left Q-value of .9 all the way down to say .119  , while moving the 0 up to .5. First  , we hope to demonstrate that the complexity problems usually associated with Q-learning 17 in complex scenarios can be overcome by using role-switching. with no inter-robot communication  , learns when to switch  , and what role to switch to  , given the perceptual state of the world. With RL D-k it is not necessary to adjust the transition time such as in Q-learning to get an optimal behaviour of the vehicle. As we can see  , the best result is provided by RL D-2 99.31%  , 20.09 sec. Moreover  , the transition time is not known in advance and it should not be fixed in the entire state space  , especially in complex dynamic systems. When all of the utility values are stored in distinct memories as a table  , the number of spaces to be filled in will soon swell up as the dimension of stateaction space increases . A learning method which optimizes for accuracy would choose h2 since that results in a higher accuracy score  , but this yields a suboptimal MAP score. Similarly  , with h2q  , a threshold between documents 5 and 6 gives 3 errors documents 10-11 incorrectly classified as relevant  , and document 1 as non-relevant  , yielding an accuracy of 0.73. The learned parameter can be then used to estimate the relevance probability P s|q k  for any particular aspect of a new user query. Learning the combination weight w can be conducted by maximizing the log-likelihood function using the iterative reweighted least squares method. The system achieves a good convergence in all the runs  , with a dramatic increase over the poor performance of the system based on current sensor information Fig. Lee 9   , using a rule learning program   , generated rules that predict the current system call based on a window of previous system calls. f f r e q rulesets classify connections in order of increasing frequency followed by normal  , with a default clasrithm that updates the stored sequences and used data from UNIX shell commands. As a second illustration of the use of web projections  , we explore the learning of models to predict users' reformulation behavior and characteristics. Given a transition from query qs to query q d   , predict whether it is a specialization or generalization. Suppose that we want the learning to optimize the ranking function for an evaluation score S. S can be a listwise ranking score  , e.g. where vq is a query  , and v d 1 and v d 2 are two documents to be ranked with respect to v q . We will characterize solutions to the problem in terms of their susceptibility to privacy breaches by the types of adversaries described here. Just as important as ensuring correct output for a query q is the requirement of preventing an adversary from learning what one or more providers may be sharing without obtaining proper access rights. We can see that the above learning model depends exclusively on the corresponding feature space of the specific type of instances  , i.e. ,answers  , questions or users. where y ∈ {0  , 1} are the label of instance vector x; X denotes the any of U  , Q or A  , which corresponds to the type of instance x. Previous work 4  , 9  , 12 has shown the advantage of using a learning to rank approach over using heuristic rules  , especially when there are multiple evidences of ranking to be considered. Given page p and its candidate query set Sp = {q The TREC Q/A track is designed to take a step closer to information retrieval rather than document retrieval. In this section  , we introduce our method in learning topic models from training data collections. 5  , in our proposed ranking framework  , the relevance between a document and a query can be delegated to the problem of evaluating the topical likelihood given a document ptj|d or a query ptj|q  , which relies on the topic model defined in Definition 3. Experimentrdly we find that a=l and f3=0.7 lead to good results. New connections may now grow between these highly activated nodes and the query q  , under consideration Fig.3Once rti is known in Eqn  , 12  , Ww is defined as in Eqn.5 using stored values of Sw These are one-step Hebbian learning Hebb49 equations. We target a situation where partial relevance assessments are available on the initial ranking  , for example in the top 10. We extend this approach by an additional step; we refer to the learning-to-rank model which is trained across all queries Q1  , ..  , Q k  as the initial retrieval model M0 and the induced ranking for the test query as initial ranking. Therefore  , the overall unified hash functions learning step can be very efficient. After the sparse codes for all training data are obtained  , an eigensystem of a small matrix Q ∈ R K×K is solved in OK 3  time to obtain the projection matrix W and corresponding hash functions. A factor graph  , a form of hypergraph representation which is often used in statistical machine learning 6  , associates a factor φe with a hyperedge e ∈ E. Therefore  , most generally  , a relevance score of document D in response to query Q represented by a hypergraph H is given by This relevance score is used to rank the documents in the retrieval corpus. Given a query q  , our goal is to maximise the diversity of the retrieved documents with respect to the aspects underlying this query. In this work  , we propose a supervised learning approach for estimating the appropriateness of multiple intent-aware retrieval models for each query aspect. Additional simulations with relatively small damping terms were found to converge  , however  , the resulting tip motion had large overshoot and prolonged oscillation. If model damping terms are set to zero and S=O  , a combination of values for Q  , R  , and the ANN learning parameter that allow the controller of 1 7 1 to converge could not be found. By using our proposed system  , an mobile robot autonomously acquires the fine behaviors how to move to the goal avoiding moving multiobstacles using the steering and velocity control inputs  , simultaneously. We propose a new action selection t e c h q u e for moving multiobstacles avoidance using hierarchical fuzzy rules  , fuzzy evaluation system and learning automata through the interaction with the real world. Instead of starting from scratch  , work by Mahadevan and Connell  l l  exploited the success of already developed primitive behaviors to learn a task. In the second stage  , the robot makes use of the learned Q values to effectively leam the behaviour coordination mechanism. These experiences can then lead the robot to explore interesting areas in the solution space rather than randomly searching without any experiences at the early stage of learning. The temperature is reduced gradual­ ly from 1.0 to 0.01 according to the progress of the learnillg as showll ill patterns. Since feature patches are not necessarily fixed over the problem space  , each individual synapse can be affected by a multitude of input values per data example q = 1 ,2 ,. That is  , special learning provisions must be madle for the movable feature patch. Due to the low detection ratios  , Q-learning did not always converge to the correct basket. The rewards associated to each executed action were computed based on the class assigned by the classifier: −1 for large errors  , −0.5 for small errors  , and +1 for correct actions. To rank the relevance  , we use the learning to rank technique  , which was successfully used in TREC 2011&2012 Microblog Track. Given a query Q and a tweet D  , the relevance í µí± í µí±í µí±í µí±í µí±í µí±  , í µí°· can be computed as follows: The information and operations accessible through each role searcher  , provider  , indexer can be used to facilitate different types of breaches. The model consists of a set of states  , which represent the states of the application  , and a set of state transitions labeled with the names of the actions that trigger the transitions. According to Q-learning  , when the agent executes an action  , it assigns the action a reward that indicates its immediate utility in that state according to the objective of the agent. However  , the fixed policy is better than the trajectories found by table-based Q- learning. The policy is clearly sub-optimal because it does not try to raise the Acrobot's endpoint above the goal height directly once sufficient energy has been pumped into the system. Of course  , in this particular case all configuration are possible  , but we trained the Q-learning to use this configuration exclusively on the flat terrain since it provides the best observation conditions i.e. The most suitable configuration is the V-shape. flippers do not cause occlusions in the scene sensed by the laser and the omnidirectional camera. We show the feasibility of our proposed system with experimental results. A chunk of training data containing K 0 observations will be used to initialize the system  , achieving the initial hidden layer matrix H 0   , the initial output weight matrix Q As the cognitive component of McFELM is based on OS- ELM  , our proposed method also contains two phases  , namely the initialization phase and sequential learning phase. In the previous section  , we defined the query representation using a hypergraph H = V  , E. In this section  , we define a global function over this hypergraph  , which assigns a relevance score to document D in response to query Q. A factor graph  , a form of hypergraph representation which is often used in statistical machine learning 6  , associates a factor φe with a hyperedge e ∈ E. Therefore  , most generally  , a relevance score of document D in response to query Q represented by a hypergraph H is given by Our objective is to learn a reranking function f : R d → R such that f x q ,i  provides a numerical estimate of the final relevancy of document i for query q  , where i is one of the pages in the list r retrieved by S. In order to avoid the computational cost of training the reranker at query-time  , we learn a query-independent function f : this function is trained only once during an offline training stage  , using a large collection of labeled training examples for many different queries. We denote with θ the learning parameters of the function Although the real experiments are encouraging  , still we have a gap between the computer simulation and the real system. The state-action deviation problem due to the p e d i a r i t y of the visual information is pointed out as one of the perceptual aliasing problem in applying Q-learning to real robot tasks  , and we cnnstructed an action space to cope with this problem. With the features obtained from the images and the differences between the real and estimated robot pose  , two data files have been built to study the problem and obtain the classifier using machine learning techniques 3 . The nominal quality value has to be transformed into a continuous value to be used inside the update phase to represent the quality of the image Qz  , and its value is between 0 and 2. To verify the robustness of our approach to modeling inaccuracy and parameter perturbation  , simulations under four different situations have been carried out: a changc in2 to 1.5m2 ; b change m2 to 2m2 ; c change in2 to 1.5m2   , and add friction torques FICI  , d=20&  , F2q  , 4=20Ci2  , F3q9 4=20&; d changed m2 to 2m2   , with the same friction torques as c. Note that LambdaRank learns on triplets  , as before  , but now only those triplets that produce a non-zero change in S by swapping the positions of the documents contribute to the learning. |ΔS| is the absolute difference in the value of S due to swapping the positions of v d 1 and v d 2 in the ordering of all documents  , with respect to v q   , computed by the current ranking function. The basic assumption of our proposed Joint Relevance Freshness Learning JRFL model is that a user's overall impression assessment by combining relevance and freshness for the clicked URLs should be higher than the non-clicked ones  , and such a combination is specific to the issued query. In addition  , we denote α Q n as the relative emphasis on freshness aspect estimated by the query model fQ Adjusting the quality mapping f i : Q H G to the characteristics of the gripper and the target objects  , and learning where to grasp the target objects by storing successful grasping configurations  , are done on-line  , while the system performs grasping trials. A smooth relationship also holds between the moment arm estimated by the distance d and the torque that rotates the object around the grasping line. We should note that all those complex tasks cannot be identified by the straight-forward Rule-Q wcc baseline  , so that the newly defined task coverage metric measures how well the learning methods can generalize from the weak supervision . All the models are trained on the rest 6192 unannotated users with weak supervision  , and the experimental results are list in Table 8  , where we used sign-test for validating the improvement over the baselines. Formally  , the win-loss results of all two-player competitions generated from the thread q with the asker a  , the best answerer b and non-best answerer set S can be represented as the following set: Hence  , the problem of estimating the relative expert levels of users can be deduced to the problem of learning the relative skills of players from the win-loss results of generated two-player competitions. It is designed for complicated systems with large actionstate space like a robot with many redundant degrees of freedom. In the learning phase of the proposed methodology  , the QA corpora is used to train two topic models Sect. The task of similar question retrieval implies ranking the pairs contained in the QA Corpora C according to their similarity to a query question q *   , producing a partially ordered set C such that its first element has the highest similarity the top  , say  , ten elements of which can then be returned as suggestions. Our starting point is the following intuition  , based upon the observation that hashtags tend to represent a topic in the Twitter domain: From tweets T h associated with a hashtag h  , select a subset of tweets R h ⊆ T h that are relevant to an unknown query q h related to h. We build on this intuition for creating a training set for microblog rankers. This gives us the opportunity to compare what yields better learning to rank performance: training on the 2011 relevance assessments  , or training on automatically generated ground truth ? We also found that there are actually simple BLOG-specific factoid questions that are notoriously difficult to answer using state of the art Q&A technology. Our main finding is that our approach based on cascaded language model based information retrieval followed by answer extraction using machine-learning does not decrease  , but remains competitive  , if instead of a news-only corpus like AQUAINT2  , an additional corpus of blog posts BLOG06 is used in a setting where some of the answers occur only in the blogs. Therefore the final gradient λ new a of a document a within the objective function is obtained over all pairs of documents that a participates in for query q: In general  , for our purposes 2   , it is sufficient to state that LambdaMART's objective function is based upon the product of two components: i the derivative of a crossentropy that originates from the RankNet learning to rank technique 3 calculated between the scores of two documents a and b  , and ii the absolute change ∆M in an evaluation measure M due to the swapping of documents a and b 4. On the other hand  , " how-to " questions 35 also referred to as " how-to-do-it " questions 10 are the most frequent question type on the popular Question and Answer Q&A site Stack Overflow  , and the answers to these questions have the potential to complement API documentation in terms of concepts  , purpose  , usage scenarios  , and code examples. Some of the most severe obstacles faced by developers learning a new API are related to its documentation 32  , in particular because of scarce information about the API's design  , rationale 31  , usage scenarios  , and code examples 32. In this year's task  , the summary is operationalized by a list of non-redundant  , chronologically ordered tweets that occur before time t. In the ad hoc search  , we apply a learning to rank framework with the help of the official API. Tweet Timeline Generation TTG is a new task for this year's Microblog track with a putative user model as follows: " I have an information need expressed by a query Q at time t and I would like a summary that captures relevant information. " Exploration is forced by initializing the Q function to zero and having a one step cost In order to explore the effect of changing the goal during learning and to assess transfer from one learned task to another  , we changed the one step reward function after trial 100 to Figure 2: Also  , terminating trials when a "goal" is reached artificially simplifies the task if it is non-trivial to maintain the system at the goal  , as it is in the inverted pendulum case where the pendulum must be actively balanced near the goal state. From the last row in Table 6  , we can clearly see that compared with the text-only baseline  , all regularization methods can learn a better weight vector w that captures more accurately the importance of textual features for predicting the true quality on the held-out set. More specifically  , after learning a quality prediction function Q using 10% of the training data  , we apply it to the remaining 90% of the training data  , by multiplying the learned weight vector w with the text feature vectors of the held-out reviews. Section 4 defines CyCLaDEs model. Section 3 describes the general approach of CyCLaDEs. CyCLaDEs source code is available at: https://github.com/pfolz/cyclades 3 . If the structure exceeds w entries  , then CyCLaDEs removes the entry with the oldest timestamp. Otherwise  , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. The setup environment is composed of an LDF server  , a reverse proxy and different number of clients. More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. In this paper  , we propose CyCLaDEs an approach that allows to build a behavioral decentralized cache hosted by LDF clients. 2 summarizes related works. Section 5 reports our experimental results. Figure 3b describes the results obtained with CyCLaDEs activated. This behavior promotes the local cache. Figure 5 shows that performances of CyCLaDEs are quite similar. We vary profile size to 5  , 10 and 30 predicates. The main contributions of the paper are: More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. Hit-ratio is measured during the real round. Each single user  , and each community of users  , can dynamically activate its own/shared working space. The CYCLADES information space is thus potentially very large and heterogeneous. The current release of the CYCLADES system does not fully exploit the potentiality of the CS since it uses the CS only as a means to construct virtual information spaces that are semantically meaningful from some community's perspective. CYCLADES includes a recommender system that is able to recommend a collection to a user on the basis of his own profile and the collection content  , so all resources belonging to a collection are discovered together. The requirements of both these systems highlighted the need for a virtual organization of the information space. In this section we exemplify what we have described so far by presenting two concrete applications in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET systems. The set of these archives is not pre-defined  , but new archives can be added over the lifetime of the system. In particular  , in these experiments we generated randomly 200 collections using Dublin Core fields. This is demonstrated by a set of experiments the we carried out on a CYCLADES configuration that was working on 62 OAI compliant archives. Figure 3 shows a measure of this improvement. Moreover  , the list of ISs specified in the RC can be exploited by the CYCLADES search and browse services to improve their performance. Finally  , Section 5 describes our future plans. Section 4 illustrates how this logical architecture has been implemented in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET DL systems and the advantages that the introduction of this service has brought to the their functionality. Figure 3apresents results of the LDF clients without CyCLaDEs. The RPS view size and CON view size are fixed to 4 ,9 for 10 clients  , 6 ,15 for 50 clients  , and 7 ,20 for 100 clients. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. In this paper  , we presented CyCLaDEs  , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. In the previous section we have introduced the general functionality of the CS and its logical architecture. In CyCLaDEs  , we want to apply the general approach of Behave for LDF clients. The available items are also personalized  , they are based on the behavior of the client rather than a temporal locality. If the predicate belongs to the profile  , the frequency of this predicate is incremented by one and the timestamp associated to this entry is updated. Figure 7shows clearly that CyCLaDEs is able to build two clusters for both values of profile size. For example  , an edge 1 → 2 means that the client 1 has the client 2 in its CON view. In particular  , it has been possible to: -simply organize the different user communities  , allowing for the different access rights. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality. CYCLADES provides a suite of tools for personalizing information access and collaboration but is not targeted towards education or the uniqueness of accessing and manipulating geospatial and georeferenced content. Our model is similar to DLESE although the latter does not support an interactive map-based interface or an environment for online learning. Section 3 presents the functionality of the CS and provides a logical description of its internal architecture . This has the effect of reducing both false positives  , i. e. useless documents that fail to fulfill the user's needs  , and false negatives  , i. e. useful documents that the system fails to deliver  , from the retrieved set. Behavior cache reduces calls to an LDF server  , especially  , when the server hosts multiple datasets  , the HTTP cache could handle frequent queries on a dataset but cannot absorb all calls. CyCLaDEs improves LDF approach by hosting behavioral caching resources on the clients-side. CyCLaDEs aims at discovering and connecting dynamically LDF clients according to their behaviors. Compared to other caching techniques in the semantic web  , the LDF cache results of a triple pattern  , increasing their usefulness for other queries  , i.e  , the probability of a cache hit is higher than the caching of a SPARQL query results. The CYCLADES system users do not know anything about the provenance of the underlying content. In particular  , the list of ISs and generic information about them  , such as their name  , a brief textual description of their content  , etc. , are provided by the Access Service itself. They create their own collections by simply giving a MC that characterizes their information needs and do not provide any indication about which are the ISs that store these documents. Services such as search and browse are activated on the restricted information space described by the collection  , but this is the only customization option. Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. The CS does not support collection specific services  , i. e. all the users perceive the same services in their working space. Furthermore  , resources aggregated in a collection can be found more easily than if they were disjoint. foundation for more informed statements about the issues critical to the success of our field. At the minimum  , we hope that the OAI will create a framework for serious investigation of these issues and lay the 13 http://cinzica.iei.pi.cnr.it/cyclades/  , 14 http://www.clir.org/diglib/architectures/testbed.htm. For example  , Smeaton and Callan 29 describe the characteristics of personalization  , recommendation  , and social aspects in next generation digital libraries  , while 1  , 26 describe an implementation of personalized recommender services in the CYCLADES digital library environment. In response  , there has been much research exploring the principles and technologies behind this functionality. Performing SPARQL queries and navigating on the web are different in terms of the number of HTTP calls per-second and clients profiling. The promising results we obtained during experimentations encourage us to propose and experiment new profiling techniques that take into account the number of transferred triples and compare with the current profiling technique. By reducing the information space to a meaningful subset  , the collections play the role of a partitioning query as described in 10  , i. e. they define a " searchable " subset of the documents which is likely to contain the desired ones. Note that the gathering of the service descriptions and the generation of the service functions is periodically repeated in order to accommodate the possible changes in the underlying DL infrastructure. We consider the CS we described in this paper as a first prototype of a more general " mediator infrastructure service " that can be used by the other DL services to efficiently and effectively implement a dynamic set of virtual libraries that match the user expectations upon the concrete heterogeneous information sources and services. The CYCLADES system is now available 5 and the SCHOLNET access address will be published soon on the OpenDLib web site 6 . ADEPT supports the creation of personalized digital libraries of geospatial information  " learning spaces "  but owns its resources unlike in G-Portal where the development of the collection depends mainly on users' contributions as well as on the discovery and acquisition of external resources such as geography-related Web sites. G-Portal shares similar goals with existing digital libraries such as ADEPT 1  , DLESE 9 and CYCLADES 5 . CYCLADES 3 is an OAI 6 service provider that implements an open collaborative virtual archive service environment supporting both single scholars as well as scholarly communities in carrying out their work. Precision is defined as gcd/gcd+bcd and recall is defined as gcd/gcd+gncd were gcd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are found  , bcd is the number of documents that do not belong to the collection that are found also called false positives and gncd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are not found also called false negatives. The Collection Service described here has been experimented so far in two DL systems funded by the V Framework Programme  , CYCLADES IST-2000-25456 and SCHOLNET IST-1999-20664  , but it is quite general and can be applied to many other component-based DL architectural frameworks. The CS presented in this paper implements a new approach for supporting dynamic and virtual collections  , it supports the dynamic creation of new collections by specifying a set of definition criteria and make it possible to automatically assign to each collection the specialized services that operate on it. The dynamic programming is carried out from bottom to top. These variants can also be solved by dynamic programming. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. s k   , any subsegmentation si . Dynamic programming. 5. stochastic dynamic programming  , and recommended actions are executed. For the sensor selection problem we use dynamic programming in a similar fashion. The dynamic programming step takes approximately 0.06 seconds for set 1. Similarly  , the dynamic programming step is On with a constant factor for maximum window size. 20 showed how to compute general Dynamic Programming problem distributively. Note that value iteration can be considered as a form of Dynamic Programming. The dynamic programming is performed off-line and the results are used by the realtime controllers. If the grid is coarse  , dynamic programming works reasonably quickly. Dynamic programming is a method for optimization which determines the optimal path through a grid. ft and STight are computed by dynamic programming. S! " The objective function for the dynamic programming implementation is defined as Finding the path is one of programming technique 4. Dynamic Programming Module: Given an input sequence of maximum beacon frame luminance values and settings of variables associated with constraints discussed later  , the Dynamic Programming Module outputs a backlight scaling schedule that minimizes the backlight levels. The Scanning Module then collects all results together to get the histogram of the entire frame and forwards this information to the Dynamic Programming Module. In this section  , we seek to derive accurate estimates of the value of this dynamic programming problem in the limit when an ad has already been shown a large number of times. In the previous section we have given exact expressions for the value of the dynamic programming problem and the optimal bidding strategy that should be followed under this dynamic programming problem. The basic criteria for the applicability of dynamic programming to optimization problems is that the restriction of an optimal solution to a subsequence of the data has to be an optimal solution to that subsequence. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. We may justify why dynamic programming is the right choice for small-space computation by comparing dynamic programming to power iteration over the graph of Fig. Furthermore  , an external memory implementation would require significant additional disk space. Good object-oriented programGing relies on dynamic binding for structuring a program flow of control -00 programming has even been nicknamed " case-less programming " . Then the receiver's dynamic type must be a subtype of its static type. The idea behind VDP is to use as much as possible the power of classical complete dynamic programming-based methods   , while avoiding their exponential memory and time requirements. We call this method Variational Dynamic Programming VDP. In contrast  , our double dynamic programming technique Section 2 can be directly applied to arbitrary unrooted  , undirected trees. All the techniques transform the tree into a rooted binary tree or binary composition rules before applying dynamic programming. Note that the dynamic programming has been used in discretization before 14 . This section presents a dynamic programming approach to find the best discretization function to maximize the parameterized goodness function. Though real-time dynamic programming converges to an optimal solution quickly  , several modifications are proposed to further speed-up the convergence. The controller is based on the real-time dynamic programming technique of Barto  , Bradtke & Singh 1994 . 21 used dynamic programming for hierarchical topic segmentation of websites. Consequently  , one would expect dynamic programming to always produce better query plans for a given tree shape. Unlike dynamic programming  , the heuristic aIg+ rithme do not enumerate all poeeible join permutations. However  , this problem is solvable in pseudopolynomial time with dynamic programming 6 . is NP-complete. Consider an optimization problem with The operation of dynamic programming can be explained as follows. Its cost function minimizes the number of reversals. A dynamic programming procedure controls the graph expansion. Kumar et al. Dynamic programming is also a widely used method to approximately solve NP-hard problems 1.  , 33 propose an evolutionary timeline summarization strategy based on dynamic programming. Yan et al. 11  used dynamic programming to implement analytical operations on multi-structural databases. Fagin et al. where || · || 2Figure 3 : Experience fitting as a dynamic programming problem . We consider two time series The time warping distance is computed using dynamic programming 23. This dynamic programming gives O|s| 2  running time solution. We repeat iterative step s times. 1: Progression of real-time dynamic programming 11 sample states for the Grid World example. A sensory perception controller SPC using stochastic dynamic programming has been developed. In this paper we present a new and unique approach to dynamic sensing strategies. Dynamic time warping is solved via dynamic programming 20. coordinated motion  , the equation in 3 would be used as the cost function for either optimal control or DTW. For dynamic programming  , we extended ideas presented by entries in the 2001 ICFP programming competition to a real-world markup language and dealt with all the pitfalls of this more complicated language. We developed techniques to improve the HTML aspects identified  , including the removal of whitespace and proprietary attributes  , dead-markup removal  , the use of header style classes and dynamic programming. Most attempts to layer a static type system atop a dynamic language 3  , 19  , 34 support only a subset of the language  , excluding many dynamic features and compromising the programming model and/or the type-checking guarantee. They tend to explicitly leverage highly-dynamic features like late binding of names  , meta-programming  , and " monkey patching "   , the ability to arbitrarily modify the program's AST. However  , we found it difficult in many cases with dynamic leak detection to identify the programming errors associated with dynamic leak warnings. Dynamic instrumentation is more effective at prioritizing leaks by volume on a particular execution. Second  , the system is extensible. We believe ours is the first solution based on traditional dynamic-programming techniques. Dynamic programming can be employed to solve LCS. This problem can be formulated as longest common subsequence LCS problem 8. The method is also an initial holonomic path method. The dynamic programming exploration procedure can perform optimizations. One final extension is required. Finding an optimal solution to this problem can be accomplished by dynamic programming. by using dynamic programming. The time and space complexity of finding the weighted edit distance is also " #  ! A dynamic programming approach is used to calculate an optimal  , monotonic path through the similarity matrix. Edit distance. The idea of dynamic programming was proposed by Richard Bellman in the 1940s. Consider an optimization problem with is developed1. To e:ffectively handle integer variables and operation precedence with each part  , neural dynamic programming NDI ? However  , dynamic programming has about two orders of magnitude larger consumption of computational resources Fig. 6 and 7. We apply multidimensional Dynamic Programming DP matching to align multiple observations. These interactions are the estimated essential interactions. This optimization problem can be solved by dynamic programming. Then the probability is represented by the following recursive form: For more details  , see 3. Figure 1 illustrates the idea of outer dynamic programming . Thus  , a recurrence relation can be established as There are multiple ways to form intervals. Set of split points is also used by dynamic programming. Rows represent experience levels  , columns represent ratings   , ordered by time. Currently  , we support two join implementations: We use iterative dynamic programming for optimization considering limitations on access patterns. As mentioned earlier  , a combined Lagrangian relaxation and dynamic programming method is developed . The solution methodoIogy is presented next. Specifically  , we make the following contributions: 1. Both problems are solved optimally in tree structures using dynamic programming DP.  The use of dynamic programming to re-arrange markup Section 8. The use of style classes Section 7. The fitness matrix D will be used in the dynamic programming shown in Fig. Such feature can be It expands from the initial states  , until a goal state is reached. The most common of these include dynamic programming 2   , mixed integer programming 5  , simulation and heuristics based methods. Many solution approaches have been employed to solve this problem with reasonable computational effort. The programming of robot control system if structured in this way  , may be made of different programming languages on each level. Dynamic world model information is represented in an unified form of objectlattributelvalue description. A major challenge is then to design a distributed programming model that provides a dynamic layout capability without compromising on explicit programmability of the layout thereby improving system scalability and yet retains as much as possible the local programming language model thereby improving programming scalability. In other words  , the implicit approach improves programming scalability. Dynamic programming languages  , such as Lisp and Smalltalk  , support statement-and procedure-1eve:l runtime change. Scaling up this approach to manage change in large systems written in complex programming languages is still an open research problem. Experimental results will be presented in the Section 4 comparing these heuristics. Then we develop two more heuristics based on a dynamic programming approach and a quadratic programming approach. Computed LCS lengths are stored in a matrix and are used later in finding the LCS length for longer prefixes – dynamic programming. We employ a traditional dynamic programming based approach where the LCS length between two input strings LSQ1.m and LST 1.n is computed by finding the LCS lengths for all possible prefix combinations of LSQ and LST . Dynamic programming is popular for music information retrieval because melodic contours can be represented as character strings  , thus melodic comparison and search can benefit from the more mature research area of string matching. Dynamic programming 17 has been applied to melodic comparison 3  , 7 and has become a standard technique in music information retrieval. SARSOP also uses a dynamic programming approach  , but it is significantly more efficient by using only a set of sampled points from B. If both the environment and the target trajectory are completely known  , optimal target following strategies can be computed through dynamic programming 12  , though the high computational cost is high. The size of the dynamic programming table increases exponentially with the number of sequences  , making this problem NP-hard for an arbitrary number of sequences 18  , and impractical for more than a few. Solving for the best alignment between two sequences can be done efficiently with dynamic programming  , using the same procedure that is used to compute string edit distance . A conventional dynamic-programming optimizer iteratively finds optimal access plans for increasingly larger parts of a query. It is integrated with a conventional dynamic-programming query optimizer 21  , which controls the order in which subsets are evaluated and uses cost information and intermediate results to prune the search space. The flow of the computation is illustrated in Fig.1. In the dynamic programming DP in Fig.1 part  , we define a discrete state space  , transition probability of the robot  , and immediate evaluation for its action. They are chosen by the dynamic programming so as to minimize steps of the robot from the current position to the destination. Silvestri and Venturini 21  resort to a similar dynamic programming recurrence to optimize their encoder for posting lists. Their approach is to reduce this optimization problem to a dynamic programming recurrence which is solved in Θm 3  time and Θm 2  space  , where m is the input size. Thus the expected value of the dynamic programming problem that arises in the next period is F zE˜θE˜θ k+1 The probability the advertiser does not win the auction is 1 − F z  , in which case the value of the dynamic programming problem that arises next period remains at V k x ˜ θ k   , k. As the dynamic programming technique is popular for approximate string matching  , it is only natural that it be broadly used in the area of melodic search. As is well known  , the dynamic programming strategy plays an central role in efficient data mining for sequential and/or transaction patterns  , such as in Apriori-All 1  , 2  and Pre- fixSpan 10. Moreover the total frequency has a good property for the dynamic programming strategy. The core of the dynamic programming approach is that for each region  , we consider the optimal solutions of the child sub-problems  , and piece together these solutions to form a candidate solution for the original region. Dynamic programming is also a widely used method to approximately solve NP-hard problems 1. Unlike languages with static object schemas e.g. Second  , JavaScript is a dynamic programming language  , this means we must consider not only changes to existing object properties but also the dynamic addition of proper- ties. If the programming language into which the constructs are embedded has dynamic arrays  , the size of the program buffer can be redefined at Proceedings of the Tenth International The constructs can be generalized to dynamic and n-dimensional arrays. Given current object-based programming technology  , such systems can be rapidly developed and permit dynamic typechecking on objects. Moreover  , such specifications allow for replacement of sensors and dynamic reconfiguration by simply having the selecfor send messages to different objects. There are also successful examples of dynamic walking systems that do not use trajectory optimization. 29 use smoothed contact models to achieve short-horizon motion planning through contact at online rates using differential dynamic programming. However  , the high di- IEEE International Conference -2695 on Robotlcs and Automation mension of the state space usually results in dynamic programs of prohibitive complexity. Another approach is to discretize the state space and use dynamic programming 9  , IO . Since collection of dynamic information affects over all target program  , this functionality becomes a typical crosscutting concern  , which is modularized as an aspect in AOP 4. We have applied Aspect-Oriented Programming AOP to collect dynamic information. However  , the dynamic programming approach requires the samples to be sorted  , which in itself requires On logn operations. 6 can be solved in On time through dynamic pro- gramming 5. A relocatable dynamic object can be dynamically loaded into a client computer from a server computer. The Rover toolkit provides two major programming abstractions: relocatable dynamic objects RDOs  , and queued remote procedure call QRPC. With these methods   , the right method according to the dynamic types of the parameters is executed. Typically  , redirection methods are useful in the Java programming language as it does not support the late-binding on dynamic types of method parameters.  Standard compiler optimization techniques  , in this case dead-code removal Section 9. The use of dynamic programming to re-arrange markup Section 8. The finegrained approach supports relocation for every programming language object. Complets A fundamental issue in dynamic layout support is the granularity of the minimal relocatable entity. To choose the best plan  , we use a dynamic programming approach. We heuristically limit our search space to include only left-deep evaluation plans for structural joins. At each site  , a singlesite cost-based optimizer generates optimized execution plans for the subqueries. The decomposition uses a combination of heuristic and dynamic programming strategies. We use simple heuristics to separate acronyms from non-acronym entity names. It uses dynamic programming to compute optimal alignment between two sequences of characters. The optimizer uses dynamic programming to build query plans bottom-up. STARS STrategy Alternative Rules are used in the optimizer to describe possible execution plans for a query. it is difficult to compute this instantaneously   , so instead  , we compute an approximate navigation function by using dynamic programming on an occupancy grid. However. Amini2  p pesented dynamic programming for finding minimun points. They tried to solve optimization problem for energy minimization by a variational approach. Dynamic programming can be employed to find the optimal solution for LCS efficiently. This problem can be formulated as finding longest common subsequence LCS. This application was built using the C programming language. The dynamic queries interface Figure 2 provides a visualization of both the query formulation and corresponding results. Hence  , computationally efficient methods such as dynamic programming are required. Otherwise  , a more cost-efficient solution would be to use all available sensors and multi-sensor fusion techniques. In our method  , the dynamic programming search considers all these trajectories and selects the one with globally minimal constraint value. 5–6  , green. The method using Dynamic Programming DP matching is proposed to compare demonstrations and normalize them. The vector consists of sensor data. Finally  , the segmentation was done using dynamic programming. These scores were used to rank each potential block of size n starting at each position in the text. Each block was given a final score based on its rank position and length. Segment t24 ranking takes approximately 0.05 seconds for set 1. We use iterative dynamic programming for optimization considering limitations on access patterns. We use the expected result size as the cost factor of sub-queries. We leverage the dynamic programming paradigm  , due to the following observa- tion: Next  , we investigate how to determine the optimal bucket boundaries efficiently. The soft-counting is done efficiently by dynamic programming . For comparison  , 3 only counts words in the segmentation with the highest likelihood. The application of the dynamic programming is also elucidated by /Parodi 84/. A plan monitor mediates for route generation and replanning. 11 produced an influential paper on finding unusual time series which they call deviants with a dynamic programming approach. Jagadish et al. Since a given table In the following  , we introduce our dynamic programming approach for discretization. Thus  , the existing approaches can not be directly applied to discretization for maximizing the parameterized goodness function. We are currently investigating a dynamic programming technique that improves on this performance. We have implemented this approach within ACE and are exploring the time-space tradeoffs. There are length-1 and length-2 rules in practice. For i < j  , we can calculate its value with dynamic programming. Object-oriented OO programming has many useful features   , such as information hiding  , encapsulation  , inheritance  , polymorphism  , and dynamic binding. Section 4 presents our conclusions and future work. The main idea of dynamic programming is captured in lines 10-15. The buckets formed are stored in Bktsi  , j. Thus  , the following congregation property is extremely useful. A dynamic-programming technique 14 can find the minimum in polynomial time  , but computational efficiency is still an issue. We implemented this iterative dynamic programming technique for the motion of the wheel. This cycle is repeated until the path is adequately refined. To study the quality of plans produced by dynamic programming   , we built a stripped-down optimieer baaed on it. More will be said about this later. The only real difference is the way the cost of subplans are computed. Our DP optimizer is  , for the most part  , a atraightforward implementation of dynamic programming 14. Multiple sequence alignment based on DP matching is extensively studied in the field of biological computing 111. Approximate solutions can be found by adjoining the constraints with a penalty function 13. In Section 3 we describe the general principle underlying Variational Dynamic Programming. In Section 2  , we relate our contribution to previous work in motion planning. The most frequent smallest interval  , which is also an integer fraction of other longer intervals  , is taken as the smallest note length. using a dynamic programming approach. This can be easily done using dynamic programming. , wk such that n pWi is maximized  , where pwi is the probability of word wi. 22 presented an alignment method to identify one-to-one Chinese and English title pairs based on dynamic programming. Yang et al. Dynamic programming is used to determine the maximum probability mapping for each of the time series. This is accomplished as follows. For this task  , dynamic programming DP has become the standard model. Informally speaking  , a sequence alignment is a way of arranging sequences to emphasize their regions of similarity. This problem can be solved efficiently using the following dynamic programming formulation. Notice  , we do not make any assumptions about the shape of the function Θ·  , ·. But these approaches are hard to implement and to maintain. However  , construction of OPTIMAL using dynamic programming for 100  , 000 intervals proved to be unacceptably slow on our computing platform. Construction of SSI-HIST completes within one minute. All were confirmed to be real duplicates. An additional fuzzy string matching technique based on dynamic programming D-measure was applied to double-check the 269 documents. By varying this estimated note length  , we check for patterns of equally spaced intervals between dominant onsets On. under the constraint that IIa~11~ = 1. The number of segments and their end points can now be determined efficiently using dynamic programming. An alignment path of maximum similarity is determined from this matrix via dynamic programming. 4  , we describe how the synchronization results are integrated into our SyncPlayer system. The flow chart of the neural dynamic programming was shown in 4shows a case when the robot achieves square corners. 2B. Model-based control schemes may employ a kinematic as well as dynamic model of the robotic mechanism. Kinematics modeling plays an important role in robot programming and control. The cost function minimized by the dynamic programming procedure represents the number of maneuvers. Each control U represents a possible action of the manipulators. After the values are computed  , every node computes an optimal policy for itself according to Equation 2. For all environments  , the initial holonomic path is computed using a dynamic programming planner. Table 11describes the results of our numerical simulations. For efficiency consideration  , we use greedy search rather than dynamic programming to find valid subsets. We select the valid subset which scores the highest as the final segmentation. For each query  , we pre-compute the second maximization in the equation for all positions of using dynamic programming. where   , | |-is the substring of from position π. Pos to | |. It provides a software toolkit for construction of mobileaware applications. Optimizers of this sort generate query plans in three phases. We discuss the necessary changes in the context of a bottom-up dynamic programming optimizer SAC 79. There are two key considerations in applying a quadratic programming approach. For this example  , both MDLH-Greedy and MDLH-Dynamic compute sub-optimal solutions. Note that an optimal ordering of pair-wise co-compressibilities does not necessarily result in an optimal compression across all columns. Subsets are identified by dynamic programming. However  , directly applying it to the distance matrix did not generate the best segmentation results . We found that dynamic programming technique performs relatively well by itself. However  , they require an a priori identification of singular arcs. Such methods are for example : Differential Dynamic Programming technique I  , or multiple shooting technique 2. Tassa et al.   , we must compute the best recovery action. To compute the recovery motions efficiently we use a discrete form of the problem  , and make use of dynamic programming techniques. Field 7 assumes no prespecified path but assumes quasi-static conditions of operation. Each of the methods use a dynamic programming approach. Rather than applying the concept to dynamic programming  , this paper applies the concept to experimental design. The approaches differ in what the GP is modelling. For this purpose  , a minimax problem is solved using Dynamic Programming methods 5. In this way we always aim at the neighbouring cell with the best worst-outcome. Section 2 describes how we achieve manual but lead through programming by controlling the dynamic behavior of the robot. Finally  , in Section 5  , we summarize our work. The demonstration data consists of various signals. In Section 4 we present the faster heuristic version of the planner PVDP. The minmatches+l time series with the highest associated probabilities are identified. The time warping distance is computed using dynamic programming 23. Therefore  , DTW is a good measure for similarity matching of sensing time series. the optimal substructure in dynamic programming. This is because the optimal choice for Q i→a is irrelevant to the one for Q i.e. Set of intervals is formed by taking all pairs of split points. However  , we can use dynamic programming to reduce the double exponential complexity. The double exponential complexity makes this solution infeasible even for very small DNFs. The Decomposition Theorem immediately gives rise to the Dynamic Programming approach 17 to compute personalized Page-Rank that performs iterations for k = 1  , 2  , . with PPR But  , it is not standard in statically typed languages such as Java. Therefore  , unrestricted DSU is standard in many dynamic programming languages. As described above  , paths are generated by simultaneously minimizing path length and maximizing information content  , using dynamic programming 15 . See 25 for more details. Further  , the enumeration must be performed in an order valid for dynamic programming. Clearly  , we want to enumerate every pair once and only once. Then  , Section 3.2 gives specific recurrences for choosing partitioning functions. Section 3.1 gives a high-level description of our general dynamic programming approach. For nonoverlapping buckets  , the recurrence becomes: We can then rewrite the dynamic programming formulations in terms of these lists of nodes. For a two-dimensional binary hierarchy  , the dynamic programming recurrence is shown below. , i d   , in all combinations that add up to B buckets . Hence  , the overall complexity of our dynamic programming approach is O Finally  , in lines 17-21  , the reconstruction of buckets takes d steps. We can then pursue variations of the dynamic programming techniques to achieve better performance in melodic search. would like to discuss some important characteristics of melodic search. The word segmentation is performed based on maximizing the segmented token probability via dynamic programming. For Chinese news  , word segmentation and stop-word removal are applied. It converges reasonably close to the optimal solution although it is very slow many minutes. We apply dynamic programming to find the segmentation  ˆ Specifically  , we denotêdenotê D =  where Diam ˆ Dij is the sum of all elements ofˆDijofˆ ofˆDij. We hope to speed up the current method with the current hardware configuration. considered the problem of choosing the production rates of an N-machine Aowshop by formulating a stochastic dynamic programming problem. In SI Presman et al. This report is organized as follows. In section 6  , we briefly discuss some theoretical and practical issues related to variational dynamic programming. Now if the new advertiser places a bid of z  , then the probability the advertiser wins the auction is F z  , in which case the expected value of the dynamic programming problem that arises next period is E˜θE˜θ k+1  The value of the dynamic programming problem that arises from placing the optimal bid z in the current period  , V k x ˜ θ k   , k  , is equal to the immediate reward from bidding z or the negative of the loss function that arises in the current period plus δ times the expected value of the dynamic programming problem that arises in the next period. For this particular example  , quadratic programming gets the optimal solution; this motivates the development of MDLH-Quad  , a quadratic programming heuristic. Recall from the previous example that the dynamic programming solution for region e  , 11 is not optimal because it is not capable of picking a combination of rows and columns i.e. , e  , 6  , e  , 8 and a  , 11. FarGo attempts to reconcile these seemingly conflicting goals. Sections 3 overviews the monitoring service along with an event-based scripting language for external programming of the layout. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2 presents the programming model and its main entities: complets  , the relocatable application building blocks  , and complet references  , FarGo's main abstraction for dynamic layout programming. Attempting to use dynamic methods to remove all of the leaks in a program  , especially ones with reference counting and user-defined allocators was very time consuming. To maximize power savings under constraints  , this module runs only when the Scanning Module has forwarded pixel luminance histogram information from enough beacon frames to form a meaningful batch of frames. For this purpose  , the dynamic programming approach uses the following indicators regarding the starting and finishing times of operations of the two jobs. In the second step  , the dynamic programming procedure finds in which interval  , a successor operation 0 z z of job J z such a s s 5 z 5 n  , can be started without delay i.e. , J ,-and JZ are performed in parallel. It can be observed that there is a good agreement between the stationary solution corresponding to z 1   , which is the global minimum  , and the solution obtained from the dynamic programming approach. 3illustrates the variation of the redundancy parameter as a function of the time for the three stationary solutions corresponding to z 1   , z 2 and z 3 and the optimal solution obtained from the dynamic programming approach. The ideas presented here are complimentary to some early ideas on task level programming of dynamic tasks 2 ,1  , but focus instead on how collections of controllers can be used to simplify the task of programming the behavior of a generic mechanism. And while much progress has been made on the development of new and more capable mechanisms  , there has been only minimal progress at providing new paradigms for programming or instructing these mechanisms. First  , unless programming tools can quickly support the constantly evolving requirements of dynamic web applications  , we will always be tempted to expose to developers the lower level client-side scripting and server-side generative code used in web pages. There are problems  , however  , with this idea of treating web pages as object code that can only be manipulated using high level programming tools. We conducted quantitative experiments on the performance of the various techniques  , both individually and in combination  , and compared the performance of our techniques to simple  , text-based compression. While modeling languages are basically notations for concurrent/extended finite-state machines  , programming languages are much more expressive and complex since they support procedures  , recursion  , dynamic data structures of various shapes and sizes  , pointers  , etc. By software  , we mean software written in programming languages  , such as C  , C + + or Java  , and of realistic size  , i.e. , possibly hundreds of thousands lines of code. The rule definition module is a modular tool which offers a language for rule programming and a rule programming interface for dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. Also at runtime  , rules are basically compiled OzC code which allows for efhcient evaluation of conditions and execution of actions. In the enhanced form MDLe  , it provided a formal basis for robot programming using behaviors and at the same time permitted incorporatlon of kmematic and dynamic models of robots in the form of differential equations. Motion description language MDL was first developed as a setting for robot programming in 41 ,31 ,5. For instance  , dynamic possibilities for creating and referencing objects are desirable in implementation languages  , but are excluded from Unity  , in order to keep the associated programming logic simple. In contrast to programming  , efficiency is not a major concern  , but security and provability have to be emphasized  , even at the cost of flexibility. We have developed a programming model that carefully balances between programming scalability and system scalability  , and which uses the inter-component reference as its main abstraction vehicle. WORK This paper proposes a new dimension of flexibility for the architects of large-scale distributed systems -the ability to program dynamic layout policies separately from the application's logic. Another notable difference is that HaskellDB is designed to work with functional programming languages whereas the SQL DOM is designed to be used from object oriented programming languages. HaskellDB is also similar to the language extensions mentioned above and therefore lacks support for dynamic SQL statements. Of all the above systems  , only Sumatra employs such support  , but using a drastically different programming model and API  , which tightly couples relocation into the application's logic. An additional dimension of support for dynamic layout programming is enabled with the monitoring information supplied by the Core. The aim is t o provide-at the task levelgeneric and efEcient programming methodologies for rigorous mission specification with a gateway to teleoperation for online user intervention. The focus is on the mission programming level for robotic systems operating in a dynamic environment. By using the Pascal-like programming language LAP :0 Logic f Actions for Programming  , we formal­ ize the controller specification. However  , since models of the dynamic behavior of complex machines are complex  , too  , we use a pictograph representation to abbreviate our models. Finally   , applications may be developed by multiple teams  , possibly using multiple programming paradigms and programming languages. Dynamic load balancing strategies can be important for meeting timeliness requirements under changing workloads  , while also providing a natural scaling plan as environmental events become more numerous and more frequent. FarGo is implemented and available for download and experimentation in http://www.dsg.technion.ac.il/fargo. The external API enables relatively simple programming of new behaviors of the isolation engine. It provides two APIs: the internal API  , used mainly by the interpreter and the dynamic compiler to automate the interaction with the isolation engine  , and the external API  , exposed to expert programmers as a package written in the Java programming language. Dynamic reconfiguration would be a powerful addition  , although It would be another source for nondeterminism. The definition of modules which themselves contain other modules is a useful construct m traditional programming languages and seems appropriate here. This complexity arises from three main sources. This march towards dynamic web content has improved the web's utility and the experience of web users  , but it has also led to more complexity in programming web applications. Finally  , our parameters are randomly initialized between 0 and 1.0. Experimentally this proved to be effective and allows the dynamic programming procedure to find the optimal solution within around 3 minutes on our largest datasets. 3. attribute vs. property: the meta-programming facility of scripting languages enables the addition of attributes to objects dynamically whereas their dynamic typing enables the attributes to have values of multiple types. Person.name. Without strict enforcement of separation   , a template engine provides tasty icing on the same old stale cake. Most engines provide only  , admittedly useful and convenient  , organization of dynamic pages at the cost of learning a new programming language or tool. The method is optimal but its time complexity is exponential  , and thus not suitable for practical use. In 6  , a multiple alignment method is proposed using multidimensional dynamic programming. Another unique aspect of FarGo is how dynamic layout is integrated with the overall architecture of the application. Using a high-level scripting language as means for monitoring-based layout programming   , adds another dimension of dynamicity. A subsequent example will illustrate our approach. In this respect  , our optimizing technique is similar to the very well-known' dynamic programming approach of SAC+791 which orders joins starting from the entire scan-operations-as we do. Given this automaton  , we can use dynamic programming to find the most likely state sequence which replicates the data. Combined with the intensity measure  , these features point to a more temporally structured query. Dynamic programming has already been used to generate time optimal joint trajectories for nonredundant manipulators 11  , 3 or for known joint paths 10. However  , only joint trajectories far from these limits will be considered for comparison purposes. The dynamic programming technique currently used for finding the minimum-cost trajectories demands a monotonic integration of the entropy. One avenue for future research lies with the path planner . Instead of selecting two chromosomes at a time  , the supervised crossover operator will put the whole population under consideration. The working principle of the deterministic crossover operator is based on the operation of forward dynamic programming . In 9  , separate GPs are used to model the value function and state-action space in dynamic programming problems. Although operators must still design a survey template  , they are freed from the responsibility of specifying a survey location. Edit distance captures the amount of overlap between the queries as sequences of symbols and have been previously used in information retrieval 4  , 14  , 28. The distance computation can be performed via dynamic programming in time O|x||y|. Within the context of the sentence distance matrix  , text segmentation amounts to partition the matrix into K blocks of sub-matrix along the diagonal. We apply dynamic programming to find the segmentation  ˆ In Section 3  , we describe the architecture of the welding robot we have customized and provide some details on important components. As an example of the use of stochastic dynamic programming for predicting and evaluating different actions see 2  , where planning of robot grinding tasks is studied. From this state all possible actions are evaluated using in the collision regions are found by selecting the configurations with locally minimum potential on MO. The path is computed using dynamic programming with a cost function that is proportional to path lengthes and to the potential along the paths. In this work we presented a more efficient way to compute general heuristics for E-Graphs  , especially for those which are not computed using dynamic programming. Future work is to experiment with other heuristics like the Dubins car model. For the high-dimensional cases we developed a general method for NMP  , that we call the method of Progressive Constraints PC. Bang motions are produced by applying some control during a short time. The graph expands according to a dynamic programming procedure  , starting from nodes that correspond to the initial states  , and until a goal state is reached. Takeda  , Facchinetti and Latombe 1994 13 introduce sensory uncertainty fields SUF. This can in fact be seen as a particular instance of the principle of Dynamic Programming which is used in this paper. It determines the most appropriate action at all states according to an evaluation function. Dynamic programming DP 2 is a good candidate to solve the optimal maneuver of robot players in a football game. Then the action at each state is a robot's maneuver such forward move  , turning rights and so forth. 7  Their sevenlink biped was controlled using dynamic programming and followed desired trajectories as found by Winter2 and Inmanl. three-dimensional  , eight degree of freedom model was studied by Yamaguchi and Zajac. The curse of dimensionality referred to here has been widely addressed in the fraiiiework of dynamic programming in the literature 1131. In other words  , both cases need to have kinematic constraints based on demonstrations. There are exponentially many possible segmentations  , but dynamic programming makes the calculation tractable. each possible sequence of topic breaks  , was considered to find the one that maximized the total score. It is important to note that the dynamic programming equation 2 is highly parallelizable. For the examples that we present in this paper  , the computation times vary from about one minute to a few hours  , on a SPARC 10 workstation. It does this by optimizing some figure-of-merit FOM which is computed for alternative routes. Dynamic programming DP is one well known technique for finding the best route to a goal. The implementation of the cost-based placement strategy is integrated with the planning phase of the optimizer. The topics of these documents range from libertarianism to livestock predators to programming in Fortran. This dataset  , a dynamic entity available pubficly on the web l  , presently contains several thousand individual FAQ documents  , totalling hundreds of megabytes. Vukobratovic and Kircanski 34  , Shin and McKay 30 and Singh and Leu 31 each present methods for optimizing energy or timelenergy performance criteria along specified paths is space. It is a dynamic programming problem functional minimization. The resolution of this problem by classic optimization methods is not foreseeable in the general case due to the fact of the considerable increase of the complexity of the problem to optimize. For this to happen  , each candidate point correspondence is associated with a value point correspondence cost. The determination of the preferred point correspondence is considered as an optimization problem and is solved by employing a dynamic programming technique. However   , the existing approaches do not have a global goodness function to optimize  , and almost all of them have to require the knowledge of targeted number of intervals. Not all common evaluation functions possess this property. When the evaluation function is cumulative  12  , 81  , that is  , takes the form of a sum  , the combinations can be checked in quadratic time using dynamic programming . In particular  , we obtain the following result: For small values of σ k   , we can use a Taylor expansion to approximate the value of the above dynamic programming problem. Such extension programs are written separately from the application  , whose source remains unmodified. Systems that support dynamic extension generally consist of a base application and an extension programming language in which extensions to the base can be written. A standard dynamic programming induction can be employed to show that at Line 10  , the value of Aj *  is the maximum possible likelihood  , given the total order constraint. , Pj i vi  , with the constraint that j1 + · · · + ji = j. This value can easily be computed by dynamic programming  , much like the Gittins index. Define Wv  , P  , Q as the largest value of W for which the value of the game with initial priors P and Q  , is positive. ViTABaL 7 is a hybrid visual programming environment that we had previously developed for designing and implementing TA-based systems. Additional controls support conditional flow  , dynamic type checking  , synchronisation  , iteration etc. Scene was implemented in Oberon which is both an object-oriented programming language 1 3  and a runtime environment 18  , 25 providing garbage collection   , dynamic module loading  , run-time types  , and commands. For a more detailed discussion  , see 12. Packaging: not relevant  , usually all routines are linked together in one executable program  , but overlays and dynamic linkage libraries are stored separately. Most programs written in procedural programming languages fall into this category. Therefore  , we modify the standard dynamic programming to accept real-valued matching similarity. In contrast  , in our phonetic matching problem  , the matching similarity can take any value between 0 and 1. The alignments use dynamic programming and the Levenshtein edit distance as the cost. Mardy and Dar- wish 12 provide results for the OCR of Arabic text  , using confusion matrices based on training data from the Arabic documents. One problem is to avoid the kinematic and dynamic interferences between the two robots during operations . The proposed dual-robot assembly station has several features which require more intelligent programming for operation. The design of an application simulation is done as follows. UsingRHOMEo we have realized a tool allowing a graphical dynamic simulation of a real control and programming system  , dealing with a variety of robotics applications. could appear anywhere in the retrieved list and  , using dynamic programming  , compute by enumeration the resulting EAP . To compute AP   , we assume that the retrieved rank of a silver bullet is uniformly distributed between 1 and n i.e. Table 3lists the CPU time comparison of the exhaustive search method and our dynamic programming method. The lower pair of numbers a  , b represents the result of the optimal bit assignment. Recently  , the authors of 5 showed how the time-honored method of optimizing database queries  , namely dynamic programming 14  , could be cxtcndcd to include both pipelining and parallelism. This paper looks at the problem of multi-join optimization for SMPe. The same results are also used to highlight the advantages of bushy execution trees over more restricted tree shapes. Experimental results show that  , while dynamic programming produces the best plans  , the simple heuristics often do nearly as well. We have pursued and implemented our approach because it has several crucial advantages. A normal dynamic-programming enumerator fires rules to generate all possible alternative execution plans for a query. Our optimizer explores both kinds of parallelism  , itrtza and inler-operation. On the other hand  , a Dynamic Programming DP strategy St:79 builds PTs by I~reatltMirst. , keeping all incomplete PTs that are likely to yield an opiimal solution. Further  , by starting with 1 and incrementing by 1  , the enumeration order is valid for dynamic programming: for every subset  , all its subsets are generated before the subset itself. , Rn−1}  , including the set itself. To reconstruct the entire bucket set  , we apply dynamic programming recursively to the children of the root. Once entry Ei  , · · ·  has been used to compute all the entries for node i 2   , it can be garbage-collected. Figure 8  , may be thought of as using standard dynamic programming for edit-distance computation  , but savings are achieved by SPF works by finding any one place where I potentially occurs in Q   , if any. The required cost matrix is generated for symbolic as also for object-oriented representations of terrains. It uses dynamic programming in order to bring the global and local route planning together. For real-time  on-line  control  , however  , the computational costs of this solution can be prohibitive. types of dynamic programming  eg search in a state space can be used to compute minimum-time motion trajectories. Other approaches like Gradient Vector Flow 10 and its variants 11 perform better when the initialization is not as good. Alignment is based on energy minimization 8 or dynamic programming 9. This mechanism prevents changes in the state of occupancy of a cell by small probability cha ,nges. The travel space together with a dynamic programming technique has the advantages of both  , local and global strategies: robustness and completeness. Lee  , Nam and Lyou  l l  and Mohri  , Yamamoto and Marushima  171 find an optimized coordination curve using dynamic programming. The obtained coordination curve is used to design the velocity profile for each robot so that collisions are avoided. The freedom in choosing a heuristic is very large. 5that the set of objective vectors generated by the modified dynamic programming approach agree well with the Pareto optimal set and  , more importantly  , captures its non connectivity. To be of any practical value  , the extra incurred overhead cost by the SPC can not outweigh the actual sensing costs. The SPC is based on stochastic dynamic programming and a detailed description of the model is presented i n1 4. Figure 3shows the block diagram of the discrete event control structure. Application of the SPC was demonstrated for a planar robotic assembly task by 5. Remember  , the four components are LCA expansion  , computation of pairwise sentence similarity  , segment ranking and dynamic programming . An important factor for topic segmentation is the performance of each component of the system. This strategy consists in generating the various plans in a bottom-up manner  , as follows. In Section 4  , we present the problem of active learning in labeling sequences with different length and propose to solve it by dynamic programming. In Section 2.2  , we propose to use SV M struct for sequence active learning. We make use of the firstorder independence assumption and get the output in a dynamic programming fashion. In general it is an intractable task to enumerate all possible y. structure. While dynamic programming enables reasonably efficient inference   , it results in computationally expensive learning  , as optimization of the objective function during learning is an iterative procedure which runs complete inference over the current model at each iteration. We also experimented with allowing wildcards in the middle of tokens. When we tried disallowing nested matches or using dynamic programming to find the highest-confidence non-overlapping matches  , the results were not as good. Foote's experiments 5 demonstrated the feasibility of such tasks by matching power and spectrogram values over time using a dynamic programming method. For the rest of this paper  , we will use this similarity definition. In our first experiment we demonstrate the convergence of rounded dynamic programming measured by the maximum error as the number of iterations increases whilst keeping fixed at a modest 10 −4 in all iterations. hostname based is advisable. All these benefits are derived from the intensive use of generative pro- gramming. The two additional matrices store the alignment scores associated with insertion gaps and deletion gaps respectively. To manage affine gaps  , OASIS and S-W must expand three dynamic programming matrices. Researchers have recognized the importance of software evolution for over three decades. Formally  , software evolution is defined as " …the dynamic behavior of programming systems as they are maintained and enhanced over their life times " 3. Currently programming is done in terms of files. If the user cites a class  , the appropriate dynamic document could include the OMT diagram for the class  , its documentation  , and the header file and method bodies that implement the class. The text manipulation functions natively available in the language also allow for expressive transformations to be applied to the largely text-based message data. As a dynamic weaklytyped language  , JavaScript is easy to understand and write with minimal programming experience. These interfaces do not support dynamic queries  , so they are not able to handle the full range of queries needed in complete applications. Query languages may also be embedded into programming languages 2 . Another limitation is that for large datasets containing long trajectories  , even if they were completely available   , the dynamic programming solution may be too inefficient to be practical. For many applications  , however  , trajectories are updated continuously . Hence all known approaches to solving the problem optimally  , such as dynamic programming   , have a worst-case exponential running time. Unfortunately  , the 0/1 Knapsack Problem is known to be NP-Complete 10. Constraints expressed in logical formulas are often very expensive to check. Various programming logics have been used  , such as Hoare Logic  101  , Dynamic Logic 4  , and Boyer-Moore Logic 23. Reeulta were collected for the improved version of the BC heurietic M well. Re~ulta were collected for bushy  , deep  , left-deep  , and right-deep trees using both dynamic programming and heurietice. This relaxation adds additional overhead to our search space in dynamic programming from; otherwise nothing else changes. We relax this restriction and allow the alignment to a paragraphs in the near past within 5% of the total number of paragraphs. Evolutionary summarization approaches segment post streams into event chains and select tweets from various chains to generate a tweet summary; Nichols et al. However  , these prohibitive complexities make this solution unfeasible for inputs larger than few thousands of integers. An optimal partition can be computed in Θn 2  time and space by solving a variant of dynamic programming recurrence introduced in 4 . In Section 4  , we discuss details of our experiments. Section 3 presents our proposed method  , which contains the sentence similarity measure  , distance matrix construction   , document-dependent stop words computation  , application of anisotropic diffusion method  , and the customized dynamic programming technique. It then builds a graph of all possible chords  , and selects the best path in this graph using dynamic programming. The distance proposed by Lerdahl 6 is used to compute costs between different chord candidates. Experiments have been performed on a MIDI song database with a given ground truth for chords. This paper presents a multi-agent architecture for dynamic scheduling and control of manufacturing cells based on actor framawork . The implementation of the system is in WP0bject Oriented programming with C++ under WINDOWS that allows multi-tasking . Programming such an autonomous robot is very hard. An autonomous robot can be considered as a physical device which performs a task in a dynamic and unknown environment without any external help. the minimal cost-to-go policy is known as using a greedy strategy. In the first generation  , the population generator will generate n crossover points  , i.e. In this way  , the operation becomes a combinatorial optimization problem which can be solved by dynamic programming 21  , 22. The inspection all* cation problem for this configuration has been solved using dynamic programming in Garcia-Diu 3. We consider a special class of nonserial manufacturing system shown in figure 2. Second  , the dynamic programming phase must examine all connected sub graphs of 1 to n nodes. This produces a large number of cells which results in an adjacency graph with many nodes. Note that the time and memory complexity of this problem is proportional in the product N × M   , which becomes problematic for long pieces. The approximate matching on 9400 songs based on dynamic programming takes 21 seconds. This Web-based application provides a number of match modes including approximate matching for " interval and rhythm " and " contour and rhythm " . The focus of these efforts has been the off-line computation of the timeoptimal control using the Pontryagin Maximum Principle   , dynamic programming and parameter o timizations . where t j is free  , see for example 2  , 4  , 5  , 81 . At this point we dispose of a sparse metric reconstruction . These constraints are used to guide the correspondence towards the most probable scanline match using a dynamic programming scheme 8. Moreover  , here occurs the question of the evaluation of optimality of the "solution". It is then clear that any "blind" numerical method -as Dynamic Programming   , Shooting or Penalty Functions method -will be of great complexity. The exponents A 1 and X2 are weights  , and were chosen experimentally. This cost function is used by the dynamic programming search; a typical path for the Museum of American History took under lOOms to compute. The centers of corresponding MDs between two image planes should be searched for only within the same horizontal scanlines. The objective function for the dynamic programming implementation is defined as A method for planning informative surveys in marine environments is detailed in 8. Departing from the dynamic programming framework also frees the approach proposed in this paper from requiring a specified initial and goal configuration. The resulting planner is less general in theory than the original VDP planner  , since it uses problem-specific heuristics to guide the search. We call this version of the planner Progressive Variational Dynamic Programming PVDP. In Section 5  , we present experimental results illustrating the capabilities of the implemented planners. Dynamic programming is used to find corresponding elements so that this distance is minimal. The DTW distance between two sequences is the sum of distances of their corresponding elements. A dynamic programming based technique is presented to find the optimal subset of clusters. We define the problem of subset selection in hierarchical clusters: choose a set of disjoint clusters that have exactly or at least k vertices. Variants of the problem include constraining the number of clusters instead of the number of vertices  , or constraining both of them. The DTW distance between time series is the sum of distances of their corresponding elements. We simply evaluate all bipartitions made up of consecutive vertices on the ordering n ,d. As we only compute a bipartitioning  , we do not need to resort to dynamic programming as for k-way partitioning. Our dynamic programming approach for discretization referred to as Unification in the experimental results depends on two parameters  , α and β. All their implementations are from Weka 3 40. Notice that unlike in the dynamic programming where we gradually increase the precision of d PPR By 6 we need to calculate SPPR k u efficiently in small space. Such dynamic generation and compilation results in large computation overhead and dependence on direct availability of a compiler. Connecting two components can be achieved by creating and compiling suitable glue code in the original programming language. With an affine gap model  , a k-length gap contributes −b − k − 1 * c to the alignment score. The multiattribute knapsack problem has been extensively studied in the literature e.g. , see 7  , 18 and references therein and many approaches have been proposed for its solution. Equation 1 gives the recurrence relation for extending the LCS length for each prefix pair Computed LCS lengths are stored in a matrix and are used later in finding the LCS length for longer prefixes – dynamic programming. Without the congregation property  , the best known technique for maximizing the breach probability is the dynamic-programming technique developed in 14. Recall that  , to check whether a release candidate is safe  , we maximize the breach probability. In modern dynamic programming optimizers Loh88  , HKWY97   , this corresponds to adding one rule to each of those phases. Next  , the first and second phases must be modified to generate alternative plans with Cache operators. In this section  , we study symmetric settings  , and show that we can identify the optimal marketing strategy based on a simple dynamic programming approach. For any price p  , the expected remaining revenue is: Modeling has nothing to do with instructing a computer  , it simply denotes the static and dynamic properties of the future program  , and it allows the engineers to reason about them. In programming  , you make precise what a computer should do. The Starburst optimizer also has a greedy join enumerator that can generate left-deep  , right-deep and bushy execution trees. However  , the exponential complexity of dynamic programming may limit the optimizer to queries that involve not more than 15 relations. Optimizers based on dynamic programming typically compute a single cost value for each subplan that is based on resource consumption. Through experiment& tion  , we found that 2 alternatives sufficed and that 3 or more alternatives offered virtually no improvement. Recall that  , here  , dynamic programming ie only an expensive heuristic. Garlic's optimizer employs dynamic programming in order to find the best plan with reasonable effort S+79. Since Garlic is a distributed system  , bushy plans are particularly efficient in many situations. Those nodes N  whose subtrees use a nearly optimal partitioning are stored in the dynamic programming table as field nearlyopt. This list determines for which subtrees a nearly optimal partitioning has to be used. Therefore  , in these experiments we tested the improved heuristic computation using euclidean distance. In this paper  , we focus on merely improving its performance when using general heuristics especially those not computed by dynamic programming. The idea of dynamic programming has been used in find the optimal path of a vehicle on a terrain by including the consideration of forhidden region and the slope. Finally  , some concluding remarks are given in Section 5 . Along a slightly different line of research  , Lynch addresses the problem of planning pushing paths 13. Similarly  , in  3    , Ferbach and Barraquand introduce a practical approach to this manipulation planning problem using the method of variational dynamic programming. Side constraints such as fuel limits or specific time-of-arrival may be placed on the FOM calculation. The figure of merit FOM for a route i s calculated from the cost matrix by dynamic programming. In many previous works on segmentation  , dynamic programming is a technique used to maximize the objective function. The computational steps for the two cases are listed below: Case 1 no alignment: For each document d: The Map class supports dynamic programming in the Volcano-Mapper  , for instance  because goals are only solved once and the solution physical plan stored. There is one Map instance for each ExprXlass in the logical search space. The warping path is defined as a sequence of matrix elements  , representing the optimal alignment for the two sequences. The DTW distance is computed by dynamic programming with a matrix as shown in Figure 1b. For our two-state model  , we are interested in the transitioning behavior of the machine. The details regarding the ARX programming environment are explained in the Appendix. 3. An ARX application is a dynamic link library DLL that shares AutoCAD's address space and makes direct function calls to AutoCAD. Optimization approaches include branch-and-bound and dynamic programming methods e.g. The performance of the AI approaches depends on how much problem-specific knowledge is acquired and to what extent expert knowledge is available for a specific problem. In dynamic environments  , autonomous robot systems have to plan robot motions on-line  , depending on sensor information. Collision-free path planning is one of the fundamental requirements for task oriented robot programming. An application which distinguishes itself clearly from the stationary method is described by /Linden 86/ for the Autonomous Land Vehicle ALV. Typical cost functions are: traversibility  , fuel limits  , travel time  , weather conditions etc. More sophisticated cost functions  , be it for graph search methods or for dynamic programming can be used . We propose in the following paragraph some heuristic methods which allow us to find trajectories that permit to identify parameters in the case of a one arm planar robot. Based on this  , free space for driving can be computed using dynamic programming. In short  , incoming depth maps are projected onto a polar grid on the ground and are fused with the integrated and transformed map from the previous frames. If K  , N  , T assume realistic values  , though  , the exact solution of BP may become rather cumbersome or infeasible in practice. Usual combinatorial optimization techniques  , including dynamic programming and branch-and-bound  , can be used to solve BP exactly. In the current state of knowledge   , the single-vehicle dial-a-ride problems can rarely be achieved to optimization when the number of tasks is more than 40. We adopt the dynamic programming approach that proposed by Psaraftis4 . There are 105 stages for this problem  , and the dynamic programming computations took about 20 seconds on a SPARC 20 workstation. During this period  , the observer moves quickly to the right to reacquire the target. The procedure uses the individual energy consumption values for each grid side. Using dynamic programming the energy consumption from the initial position of the robot to any point on the grid can now be obtained. It is shown in Fig. Simulations showed correlation between simulated muscle activation and EMG patters found in gait. A* is efficient because it continues those trajectories that appear to have the smallest total cost. Dynamic programming is efficient because it confines its search to only those trajectories capable of reaching the goal. This implementation uses purely local comparisons for maximal efficiency  , and no global adjustments such as dynamic programming or graph cuts are used. , are reported as the final disparity map L/R check. Section 5 shows some experiment results and we made our conclusion in Section 6. We then use a dynamic programming heuristic to get an approximate solution to this problem. is maximized  , where N wi is the number of nodes in wi and dwi is its total internal degree. This way  , we find a cluster of a particular size that is composed solely from whiskers. The large majority of users cannot—and do not want to— be engaged in any kind of " programming " other than simple scripting. In other words  , an inherent characteristic of the design and use of microworlds is their dynamic nature. It sets the backlight level according to the schedule computed by the Dynamic Programming Module. Rendering Module: This module is responsible for synchronizing frames for rendering to the display during video playback. Before rendering each frame with backlight scaling  , the rendering module also performs luminance compensation for every pixel of the frame. Given an event stream we seek to find a low cost state sequence that is likely to generate that stream. Achieving such a re-arrangement of attributes was found to be possible  , using dynamic programming. It would be much more efficient if the formatting were on the TD element instead   , avoiding the repetition. This would make the thresholding method closer to traditional beam thresholding. Some possible extensions include:  Perform thresholding on dynamic programming parse chart cells based on " goodness " of a particular parse rather than on a strict cell quota. For implementations on a larger scale one may use external memory sorting with the two vector dynamic programming variant. It is conceivable that reiterations 22 or the compression of vertex identifiers 3 could further speed up the computation. Not all applications provide this feature  , although Such explicit reflective programming  , in which the system manipulates a dynamic representation of its own user interface  , is difficult to capture in a static query. Item 3 in Definition 1 is meant to address dynamic dispatching in object-oriented programming. If MyDatabase is a class inheriting from Database and has its method execute overriding Database.execute  , then q is a proxy external interaction of MyDatabase.execute. Object introspection allows one to construct applications that are more dynamic  , and provides avenues for integration of diverse applications. Therefore  , object introspection maintains the semantic integrity of a programming language but opens up its programs for general access. Such incremental modifications of software systems are often referred to collectively as software evolution. However  , we improved upon this result in our XSEarch implementation by using dynamic programming. It follows that we can check for interconnection of all pairs of nodes in T in time O|T | 3 . We say that nodes n and n are strongly-interconnected if they are interconnected and are also labeled differently . For regions where there are more two non-leaf nodes  , we resort back to dynamic programming . , x k  only if there are exactly two non-leaf nodes x i   , x j . Optimal bucket boundary can be reported by additional bookkeeping  , Lines 8–15 are the dynamic programming part: We compute OP T j  , b according to the recurrence equation Equation 3. The spotting recognition method 7  based on continuous dynamic programming carries out both segmentation and recognition simultaneously using the position data. The relative hand positions with respect to the face are computed. Gesture recognition in complex environments cannot be perfect. Since RAP is known to be NP-hard4  , we take a dynamic programming approach that yields near optimal solutions. The unique nozzle in E ,' is used to pick components in the reel r. Note that although the target trajectory is quite long  , the distance traveled by the observer is short. A different approach  , based on stochastic dynamic programming  , was proposed in 6  , 51. Such systems tend to produce high but fixed information quality levels  , but at a high cost also fixed. This interface offers direct access to the rule manipulation primitives for allowing dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. The rule definition module offers a specific interface for rule programming. This experiment studied the performance of the IDP optimizer that is based on dynamic programming. For example  , in test-small  , 80% of the relations were small relations  , 10% were medium and 10% were large. As we shall show experimentally in the Section 5  , DTW can significantly outperform Euclidean distance on real datasets. The optimal warping path can be found in OnR time by dynamic programming 11. After applying the substitution of Mj ,i  , a summary is hence generated within this iteration and the timeline is created by choosing a path in matrix M |H|×|T | . We select one element at each column by Dynamic Programming. PSub pp 0 denotes the probability that the recognizer substitutes a phoneme p with p 0 . The basic structure of the similarity function is based on the dynamic programming idea Rabiner  , 1993  , p.223. Therefore  , there is no way to model actions that reduce uncertainty. In this section we will set the above optimal control problem in a standard framework such that dynamic programming can be used to approximate the solution. , N -1  , for a positive integer Dynamic programming efficiently solves for a K for each possible θ   , i.e. Given f K   , x K   , and θ K   , the value of a K can be found analytically with a single Newton step for each class. Indirect means to solve the two point boundary values problems constituted by the necessary conditions of optimality. allows the planning of time-optimal trajectories using phase plane shooting methods or by dynamic programming . §This work was supported in part with funding from the Australian Research Council. Since there are only finitely many sensor measurements  , we have to consider only finitely many candidates. An early approach applied dynamic programming to do early recognition of human gestures 16 . Different from conventional action classification 4  , 1  , several approaches exist in the literature that focus on activity prediction  , i.e. , inferring ongoing activities before they are finished. We are currently studying methods by which we can improve the RS programming language. The other results of the RS project which are diacuased elsewhere lo include a shared memory architecture and a real-time  , dynamic operating system. If the grid is fine enough to get useful  , the computation and storage required even for small problems quickly gets out of hand due to the " curse of dimensionality. " Therefore  , we modify the standard dynamic programming to handle real-valued matching similarity. Fortunately problem 3 is in a form suitable for induction with dynamic programming . A bruce-force enumeration approach to the joint segmentation and curve-fitting problem 3 will have a complexity exponential in T   , the sequence length. These routes are then translated into plans represented symbolically as ' discussed in Section 6. Results on generating routes using an efficient form of dynamic programming are described in Section 5. In the context of dynamic programming  , a similar problem on machine replacement has been discussed by Bertsekas 15. The present problem differs from the conventional MPC approach in the sense that the manipulated variable can assume only finite values. Its nodes are obtained by performing step motions from states already in the graph. For arbitrary rooted trees  , one can use an inner dynamic programming in a similar way as in Section 2. The total time complexity is Onk where n is the number of tree nodes. To avoid multiple assignments of single switch events to different FSMs  , the optimisation has to be repeated until all of them are sol- ved. For each FSM  , a shortest path problem is solved simultanously  , stressing a dynamic programming approach. Unfortunately  , as we show below  , such ideas are unlikely to help us efficiently find discords. Depending on the exact definitions  , such techniques are variously called dynamic programming  , divide and conquer  , bottom-up  , etc 3. Dynamic extension of a software system allows users to define and execute new commands during the execution of the system. These features are then used in 24 to implement a transformational framework that  , starting from a dedicated programming language  , produces XML data for model checking as well as executable artifacts for testing. The same approach is extended in 6  by adding more expressive events  , dynamic delivery policies and dynamic eventmethod bindings.  In order to deal with dynamic cases where trajectories are updated incrementally  , we derive another cost model that estimates an optimal length for segments when " incrementally " splitting a trajectory. Based on this model  , we introduce a dynamic programming solution for splitting a given set of trajectories optimally. Such explicit reflective programming  , in which the system manipulates a dynamic representation of its own user interface  , is difficult to capture in a static query. Although some of this dynamic machinery may be accidental and dangerous rather than essential   , the core of this pattern is support for highly configurable user interfaces. For histograms the interface would be the boundary bucket which contains the partition; for wavelets this would be the interaction with the sibling. We will use the following strategy: We will use a dynamic program to find the interface – the paradigm can be viewed as Dynamic Programming meeting being used for Divide and Conquer. The improved performance of dynamic programming compared to these methods comes from solving multi-stage problems by analysing a sequence of simpler inductively defined single-stage problems. HTML 1.0 5 provided basic document formatting and hyperlinks for online browsing; HTML 2.0 6 ushered in a more dynamic  , interactive web by defining forms to capture and submit user input. Notice that  , different from the standard edit distance  , the Similar to the computation of the edit distance and the dynamic time warping  , the summed Fréchet distance can be expressed as a recurrence in a straight-forward manner which allows a dynamic programming solution that runs in OM N  time. Hence  , the proposed dynamic programming model can be transferred to different dynamic sensor selection problems without major changes. The discrete state space S  , the action space A  , the structure of the state transition probabilities and the reward function all remain unchanged when new monitors are added to the system. We therefore approach the problem using dynamic programming  , with the vectors a as the states of the dynamic program. 1  , we see that the user's utility at an action vector a depends on his utility at each of the vectors a + ei. To accelerate learning rate  , model-based methods construct empirical models which are not known in advance  , and  , use statistical techniques and dynamic programming to estimate the utility of taking actions in states of the world. In addition  , the hybrid approach may find sub-optimal solutions for dynamic vehicle routing problems of any size. The experimental results showed that the hybrid approach could produce near-optimal solutions for problems of sizes up to 25 percent bigger than what can be solved previously by dynamic programming. Similar to the computation of the edit distance and the dynamic time warping  , the summed Fréchet distance can be expressed as a recurrence in a straight-forward manner which allows a dynamic programming solution that runs in OM N  time. This definition is similar to the edit distance for strings and the dynamic time warping DTW in speech recognition  , see 16 for an overview. The main purpose of this section is to illustrate that the value of learning term given in the previous section will vary with 1 k 2 for large k. We prove this by first showing that the expected efficiency loss arising due to the uncertainty in the eCPM of the ad varies with 1 k for large k  , and then use this to show that the value of learning term varies with The situation today is that the modeling facilities of most programming and simulation systems are not capable of describing either the full dynamic behaviour of the total robot system nor the use of external sensor feed-back in the generation of control data. In fact the accuracy and effectiveness of the programming  , simulation   , and control of the robot depend on the model of the robot. Many extension mechanisms require extensions The relationship among the EI components  , the to be written by programming the user interprogram components  , and the user interface is the face; such extensions consist of files containing key to the effective utilization of dynamic extension. Finally  , although user interface programming applies directly to traditional command line interfaces  , it is far more complex in the face of modern graphic interfaces 173. Unfortunately  , it is difficult to provide even limited programming capabilities to developers without exposing them to the full complexity of these Turing-complete languages and their associated data models e.g. , client-side JavaScript and server-side Java. In conclusion there is a need for a programming and simulation system for robot driven workcells that illustrates the true real-time behaviour of the total robot system. As a component of a long term project minifactory'  5   which is focused on the development of modular robotic components and tools to support the rapid deployment and programming of high-precision assembly systems  , the work presented here targets the most  basic levels of a modular control and coordination architecture which is central to the larger project. Although the approach is not limited to a particular 00 language  , to illustrate results on real software developed with a widely used programming language  , this paper is focused on C++· All 00 features are considered: pointers to objects  , dynamic object allocation  , single and multiple inheritance  , recursive data structures  , recursive methods  , virtual functions  , dynamic binding and pointers to methods. It is an extension of Steensgaard's work on C 17  , 18. This can be compared to a type-cast in strongly typed object-oriented programming languages where an object's dynamic type must be compatible to the static casted type which can only be determined at runtime. In such cases one must rely that an event's dynamic event type is compatible to the operator's static event type so that the event's path instance can be projected on the operator's path type. These functionalities are known as the basis for Ajax-style programming 12 and are widely available in popular browser implementations such as Mozilla Firefox  , Microsoft Internet Explorer  , Opera  , Apple Safari  , and Google Chrome. The client-side template engine uses two functionalities  , XMLHttpRequest XHR and Dynamic HTML DHTML  , which are available for scripts running on recent Web browsers. First we derive the total social value that arises in a particular period when a new ad makes a particular bid. In this section we formulate the value of a particular ad as a dynamic programming problem and use this formulation to derive the optimal bidding strategy for a particular ad. For instance  , dynamic scripting languages such as Ruby and Python are candidates  , since their high-level nature is similar to PHP in using a lazy string implementation that is transparent to application programs. In this paper we focused on applying our optimization approach to PHP  , but our approach could be used with other programming languages. Our problem  , and corresponding dynamic programming table  , is thus two-dimensional. We begin by observing that only actions on targeted dimensions affect the optimization problem in any state  , thus the utility values in two states with the same number of A1 actions and A2 actions are the same. At the same time  , we needed a language supporting both static and dynamic typing  , to reduce the differences between the experimental treatments. Choice of programming language In order to facilitate our programmers   , we needed a language familiar to participants—otherwise the time required to teach and learn it would consume most of the experiment time. In contrast  , dynamic techniques tend to be more practical in terms of applicability to arbitrary programs and often seem to provide useful information despite their inherent unsoundness. Static analyses tend to be sound  , but the state of the art does not accurately handle very large programs or all programming languages and features. There is a number of environments supporting aspects explored by our spontaneous software approach  , like programming languages supporting code on demand and content delivery and software distribution systems allowing dynamic distribution and updating of digital resources. Besides  , SOS locates and retrieves exactly the artifact specified by the application. In practice  , instead of segmenting text into n parts directly   , usually hierarchical segmentation of text is utilized and at each level a text string is segmented into two parts. DynSeg uses dynamic programming in text segmentation 24 Figure 6 for optimization to maximize the log-likelihood. This was followed by factoring classes out  , with an average reduction by 33.4%  , and finally dead-markup removal with an average reduction by 12.2%. As can be seen from Table 9and Figure 3   , dynamic programming achieves the greatest decrease in document size over the original document: an average of 37.2%. In this work we succeeded in our aims of investigating and identifying the aspects of HTML mark-up that are able to be changed while still leaving a semantically equivalent document. 4. structural inheritance: by itself  , the lack of structural inheritance in RDFS does not form a problem for an object-oriented mapping. Among the advantages of these languages is the dynamic typing of objects  , which maps well onto the RDFS class membership  , meta-programming  , which allows us to implement the multi-inheritance of RDFS  , and a relaxation of strict object conformance to class definitions. Based on a careful examination we have chosen to implement ActiveRDF in an object-oriented scripting languages . ActiveRDF is light-weight and implemented in around 600 lines of code. However  , it is also interesting to observe the behavior of our dynamic programming based method for low and high range of penalties. Since we are evaluating on a dataset that falls under Scenario I  , and the strict monotonicity property was framed for just such a scenario  , it makes sense that of all penalty values  , γ = ∞ results in best performance. Caching has long been studied and recognized as an effective way to improve performance in a variety of environments and at all levels of abstraction  , including operating system kernels  , file systems  , memory subsystems  , databases  , interpreted programming languages  , and server daemons. Our work includes a measurement study of web crawler access characteristics on a busy dynamic website to motivate Thus  , our hybrid auctions are flexible enough to allow the auctioneer and the advertiser to implement complex dynamic programming strategies collaboratively  , under a wide range of scenarios. Though this strategy does not have a closed form in general  , we show that in many natural cases detailed later  , it reduces to a natural pure per-click or pure per-impression strategy that is socially optimal. Neither per-impression nor perclick bidding can exhaustively mimic the bidding index in these natural scenarios. Like FarGo  , the above systems do support mobility  , but in a model that tightly couples movement operations to the application's logic. The most essential and unique characteristic of FarGo is its extensive support for programming the dynamic layout separately from the application's logic. In essence  , a Server page contains a combination of HTML and programming language scripts  , and the web server uses it to generate web pages at runtime. ASP  , JSP  , and PHP are typical examples of web technologies that use some form of dynamic page generation. Thus  , we " discretize " the error in steps of K for some suitable choice of K  , and apply the dynamic programming above for integral error metrics with appropriate rounding to the next multiple of R; the details are omitted. When the error metric is possibly nonintegral as with SSE  , the range of values that A can take is large. Second  , we develop a new dynamic programming based approach for finding all occurrences of a subsequence within a single sequence and by extension within a database of sequences. To reiterate the key contributions of this work are: First  , we propose two new sequence representations for labeled rooted trees that are more concise and space-efficient when compared with other sequencing methods. First  , our sequences are much more compact than their extended signatures because of firstFollowing and firstAncestor nodes. While they also determine the twig matches by employing a dynamic programming based approach  , LCS-TRIM differs from these methods in many different ways. In summary  , we leverage a dynamic programming based approach instead of a traditional index-based approach for finding the set of all subsequence matches. Such designs are quite important and relevant when placed in the context of emerging multi-core architectures see Section 4.3. Volcano uses a non-interleaved strategy with a transformation-based enumerator. System R also uses a bottomup enumerator and interleaves costing  , but does not prune the logical space as aggressively as greedy search techniques  , and augments the search with dynamic programming. This construction method builds up the query evaluation plans step by step in a bottom up fashion. First  , single collection access plans are generated  , followed by a phase in which 2-way join plans are considered  , followed by 3-way joins  , etc. , until a complete plan for the query has been chosen. We can then rewrite the dynamic programming formulations in terms of these lists of nodes. As the diagram shows  , we label each node in the binary hierarchy with the set of child nodes from the original hierarchy that are below it. A dynamic programming approach which is similar to the classical system R optimizer 10 can be used to construct the query plan from small strongly connected sub-graphs. Based on these results  , we can conclude that any strongly connected sub-graph in the punctuation graph for the query could serve as a building block for constructing safe plans. In this paper we have proposed to use the traditional architecture for query optimization wherein a large execution space is searched using dynamic programming strategy for the least cost execution based on a cost model. Thus the crux of the problem is to design cost models for different DBMSs such that they can be used by the heterogeneous query optimizer. As rather conventional data structures are provided to program these functions no " trick programming " is required and as dynamic storage allocation and de-allocation is done via dedicated allocation routines /KKLW87/  , this risk seems to be tolerable. For the time being  , we execute both user defined functions and normal DBMS code within the same address space. First  , since our optimizer is an extension of a standard optimizer we get all the benefits of advances in optimizer technology  , as well as the benefits of considering the entire search space  , leading to high quality  , efficient plans. First  , the language constructs presented in section 2 map a portal into a buffer which is a static l-dimensional array. If the programming language into which the constructs are embedded has dynamic arrays  , the size of the program buffer can be redefined at Proceedings of the Tenth International We employ the dynamic programming approach to check for patterns of equally spaced strong and weak beats among the detected onsets and compute both inter-beat length and the smallest note length. The initial inter-beat length is estimated by taking the autocorrelation over the detected onsets. Lin and Kumar 9 and Walrand 15 consider an W 2 system with heterogeneous machines  , using dynamic programming or probabilistic arguments to prove that the optimal policy is of the threshold type. Koyanagi and Kawai 6 consider two parallel queues with two classes of parts where a customer may be transferred to another queue by paying an assignment cost. We have illustrated that the same global minimum to the variational problem 3-5 can be retrieved using a dynamic programming approach. Definition 4.1 Pareto optimality: assume that n criteria with scalar values are to be minimized  , an objective vector z * is Pareto optimal if there does not exist another objective As an example  , we use the RP assembler in combination with the C programming language to fully utilize RP's vector capabilities in writing inverse kinematic and inverse dynamic computations. Note that assembly language may also be employed to produce optimized code at higher levels. There are many ways to find optimal trajectories  , including using Pontryagin's Minimum PrinciplelS  , gradient descent9  , dynamic programming  , and direct search. It continues to search all possible 2N-step extensions  , but chooses the trajectory with the minimum time to the goal if the goal is reached by any trajectories. Figure 6shows the path that has been used as the initial guess and the final path computed using our planner for one sample environment Env-1 in Table II. A new approach for a mobile robot to explore and navigate in an indoor environment that combines local control via cost associated to cells in the travel space with a global exploration strategy using a dynamic programming technique has been described. In addition  , a heuristic to minimize the number of orientation changes  , trying to minimize the accumulated odometric error  , is also introduced. If we are given a world model defined by the transition probabilities and the reward function Rs ,a we can compute an optimal deterministic stationary policy using techniques from dynamic programming e.g. Let Ts ,a ,s be the probability of transitioning from state s to state s' using action a. Inter-robot communication allows to exchange various information  , positions  , current status  , future actions   , etc 3  , 16  , 151 and to devise effective cooperation schemes. 5  , 14  , traffic rules 6  , 81  , negotiation for dynamic task allocation 9  , 31  , and synchronization by programming 12  , 161. In principle  , a dynamic programming approach can be taken to determine optimal strategies for the partially-predictable case; however  , even for a simple planar problem the state space is fourdimensional . In this section it is assumed that only weak information  , such as a velocity bound  , is known regarding the target. Because the feature functions are only relied on local dependencies  , it enables the efficient search of top-K corrections via Dynamic Programming . Once the optimal parameters are obtained by the discriminative training procedure introduced above  , the final top-K corrections can be directly computed  , avoiding the need for a separate stage of candidate re-ranking. The Levenshtein distance  , or edit distance  , defined over V   , dV x  , y between x and y is the cost of the least expensive sequence of edit operations which transforms x into y 17. There are two possibilities to model them in BMEcat  , though. , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. The current release is BMEcat 2005 12  , a largely downwards-compatible update of BMEcat 1.2. BMEcat is a powerful XML standard for the exchange of electronic product catalogs between suppliers and purchasing companies in B2B settings. In the following  , we outline correspondences between elements of BMEcat and GoodRelations and propose a mapping between the BMEcat XML format and the GoodRelations vocabulary. eClassOWL 6. BMEcat. This is attractive  , because most PIM software applications can export content to BMEcat. We describe a conceptual mapping and the implementation of a respective software tool for automatically converting BMEcat documents into RDF data based on the GoodRelations vocabulary 9. Either the BMEcat supplier defines two separate features  , or the range values are encoded in the FVALUE element of the feature. Table 4outlines the mapping of catalog groups in BMEcat to RDF. the catalog group taxonomy. For example most of the mentioned factors are implemented in the BMEcat standard 10. The currency results from Geographical Pricing. Given their inherent overlap  , a mapping between the models is reasonable with some exceptions that require special attention. Speaking of the allow-or-charge area  , the quantity scale defined in BMEcat is divided into the actual quantity scale and the functional discount that has to be applied  , too. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. Then we compare the product models obtained from one of the BMEcat catalogs with products collected from Web shops through a focused Web crawl. We tested the two BMEcat conversions using standard validators for the Semantic Web  , presented in Section 3.1. We chose to check for the number of shops offering products using a sample size of 90 random product EANs from BSH BMEcat. To remain in the scope of the use cases discussed  , the examples are chosen from the BSH BMEcat products catalog  , within the German e-commerce marketplace. The most notable improvements over previous versions are the support of external catalogs and multiple languages  , and the consistent renaming of the ambiguous term ARTICLE to PRODUCT. In this paper  , we propose to use the BMEcat XML standard as the starting point to make highly structured product feature data available on the Web of Data. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. The task consists of transforming the price-relevant information of a BMEcat catalog to xCBL. We will now introduce an example and concretize the mapping strategy. Table 2shows the BMEcat-2005-compliant mapping for product-specific details. the center of the proposed alignments are product details and product-related business details. Table 2adds an additional level of detail to the PRODUCT → PRODUCT DETAILS structure introduced in Fig. Furthermore  , multilanguage descriptions in BMEcat are handled properly  , namely by assigning corresponding language tags to RDF literals. gr:condition and references to external product classification standards.   , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. This approach  , however  , works only for common encoding patterns for range values in text. The data element ARTICLE_PRICE_DETAILS can be used multiple with disjunctive intervals. BMEcat and OAGIS to the minimum models of cXML and RosettaNet is not possible. For example  , a loss-free mapping of extensive price models e.g. A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. The price factor of 0.95 of BMEcat is transferred to a discount by the formula PercentageFactor=PRICE_FACTOR -1. With our approach  , a single tool can nicely bring the wealth of data from established B2B environments to the Web of Data. BMEcat allows to specify products using vendor-specific catalog groups and features  , or to refer to classification systems with externally defined categories and features. The distinction will be addressed in more detail in Section 2.3. The mapping of product classes and features is shown in Table 3. The hierarchy is determined by the group identifier of the catalog structure that refers to the identifier of its parent group. In order to link catalog groups and products  , BMEcat maps group identifiers with product identifiers using PROD- UCT TO CATALOGGROUP MAP. they are defined as instances rdf:type of classes derived from the catalog group hierarchy. In reality  , though  , it is common that suppliers of BMEcat catalogs export the unit of measurement codes as they are found in their PIM systems. recommend to use UN/ CEFACT 14 common codes to describe units of measurement. This allowed us to validate the BMEcat converter comprehensively. The products in the BSH catalog were classified according to eCl@ss 6.1  , whereas Weidmüller provide their own proprietary catalog group system. Making more difficult is that today mainly low-level languages like XSLT and interactive tools e.g. An illustrative example of a catalog and its respective conversion is available online 7 . Accordingly  , products in GoodRelations are assigned corresponding classes from the catalog group system  , i.e. The dataset has a slight bias towards long-tail shops. In addition to the manufacturer BMEcat files  , we took a real dataset obtained from a focused crawl whereby we collected product data from 2629 shops. Although the conversions completed without errors  , still a few issues could be detected in each dataset that we will cover subsequently. The converter has built-in check steps that detect common irregularities in the BMEcat data  , such as wrong unit codes or invalid feature values. 4 GoodRelations-specific compliance tests 14 to spot data model inconsistencies. requiring a minimum of 90 samples given the population of 1376 products in the BMEcat. The sample size was selected based on a 95% confidence level and 10% confidence interval margin of error  , i.e. First it is to be stated that from the view of price modeling BMEcat catalogs have a three-stage document structure: 1 The document header HEADER can be used for setting defaults for currency and territory  , naming the buyer and giving references to relevant In the example header we set the default currency  , name the buyer and refer to an underlying agreement with a temporal validity: If we look at the transformations  , we see different transformation types. Additionally   , we identified examples that illustrate the problem scenario described relying on structured data collected from 2500+ online shops together with their product offerings. To test our proposal  , we converted a representative real-world BMEcat catalog of two well-known manufacturers and analyzed whether the results validate as correct RDF/XML datasets grounded in the GoodRelations ontology. On the other side  , BMEcat does not explicitly discriminate types of features  , so features FEA- TURE  typically consist of FNAME  , FVALUE and  , optionally  , an FUNIT element. The GoodRelations vocabulary further refines the categorization made by OWL by discerning qualitative and quantitative object properties. In this section  , we elaborate on a complementary example that uses structured data on the Web of Data. For example  , in BMEcat the prices of a product are valid for different territories and intervals  , in different types and currencies  , but all prices relate to the same customer no multi-buyer catalogs. A plus  " + "  indicates that the corresponding factor can be set multiple for each product. target formats can be executed loss-free; however  , this cannot be said in general for the transformation of a source to a target format. The first option defines a feature for the lower range value and a feature for the upper range value  , respectively. BMEcat2GoodRelations is a portable command line Python application to facilitate the conversion of BMEcat XML files into their corresponding RDF representation anchored in the GoodRelations ontology for e-commerce. The implementation of the logic behind the alignments to be presented herein resulted into the BMEcat2GoodRelations tool. Finally  , we show the potential leverage of product master data from manufacturers with regard to products offered on the Web. This ready-to-use solution comes as a portable command line tool that converts product master data from BMEcat XML files into their corresponding OWL representation using GoodRelations. As a partial solution to mitigate the shortage of missing product master data in the context of e-commerce on the Web of Data  , we propose the BME- cat2GoodRelations converter. To date  , product master data is typically passed along the value chain using Business to Business B2B channels based on Electronic Data Interchange EDI standards such as BMEcat catalog from the German Federal Association for Materials Management  , Purchasing and Logistics 3  12. It can be seen that the product data provided across the different sources vary significantly. In the case of Weidmüller  , the conversion result is available online 11 . We tested our conversion using BMEcat files from two manufacturers  , one in the domain of high-tech electronic components Weidmüller Interface GmbH und Co. KG 9   , the other one a supplier of white goods BSH Bosch und Siemens Hausgeräte GmbH 10 . The number of product models in the BSH was 1376 with an average count of 29 properties  ,  while the Weidmüller BMEcat consisted of 32585 product models with 47 properties on average created by our converter. We collected all the data in an SPARQL-capable RDF store and extrapolated some statistics to substantiate the potential of our approach. By contrast  , the nearly 2.7 million product instances from the crawl only contain eleven properties on average. To compare the price models of the selected standard  , we show the six determining factors in table 3. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. to represent a navigation structure in a Web shop. Each online merchant can then use this rich manufacturer information to augment and personalize their own offering of the product in question. Furthermore  , the mapping at product level allows to specify the manufacturer part number  , product name and description  , and condition of the product. Whether the European Article Number EAN or the Global Trade Item Number GTIN is mapped depends on the type-attribute supplied with the BMEcat element. Depending on the language attribute supplied along with the DESCRIPTION SHORT and DESCRIPTION LONG elements in BMEcat 2005  , multiple translations of product name and description can be lang={en  , de  , . Instead of adhering to the standard 3-letter code  , they often provide different representations of unit symbols  , e.g. In this section  , we present some specific examples of the number of online retailers that could readily benefit from leveraging our approach. Using the sample of EANs  , we then looked up the number of vendors that offer the products by entering the EAN in the search boxes on Amazon.de  , Google Shopping Germany  , and the German comparison shopping site preissuchmaschine.de 16 . For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers  , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. The upper part lists the numbers for the product categorization standards  , whereas the lower three rows of the table represent the proprietary category systems . Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels  , product classes  , properties  , value instances  , and top-level classes for each product ontology. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. The product identifier can be mapped in two different ways  , at product level or at product details level  , whereby the second takes precedence over the other. The presence of the FUNIT element helps to distinguish quantitative properties from datatype and qualitative properties  , because quantitative values are determined by numeric values and units of measurements  , e.g. All interested merchants have then the possibility of electronically publishing and consuming this authoritative manufacturer data to enhance their product offerings relying on widely adopted product strong identifiers such as EAN  , GTIN  , or MPN. Due to the limited length of this paper   , we refer readers to the project landing page hosting the open source code repository 8   , where they can find a detailed overview of all the features of the converter  , including a comprehensive user's guide. Our proposal can manifest at Web scale and is suitable for every PIM system or catalog management software that can create BMEcat XML product data  , which holds for about 82% of all of such software systems that we are aware of  , as surveyed in 17. The rise of B2B e-commerce revealed a series of new information management challenges in the area of product data integration 5 ,13. In that sense  , BMEcat2GoodRelations is to the best of our knowledge the only solution developed with open standards  , readily available to both manufacturers and retailers to convert product master data from BMEcat into structured RDF data suitable for publication and consumption on the Web of Data. Another data quality problem reported is the usage of non-uniform codes for units of measurement  , instead of adhering to the recommended 3-letter UN/CEFACT common codes e.g. " In the BSH catalog for example  , some fields that require floating point values contain non-numeric values like " / "   , " 0.75/2.2 "   , " 3*16 "   , or " 34 x 28 x 33.5 "   , which originates from improper values in the BMEcat. Furthermore  , it can minimize the proliferation of repeated  , incomplete  , or outdated definitions of the same product master data across various online retailers; by means of simplifying the consumption of authoritative product master data from manufacturers by any size of online retailer. It is also expected as a result that the use of structured data in terms of the GoodRelations vocabulary by manufacturers and online retailers will bring additional benefits derived from being part of the Web of Data  , such as Search Engine Optimization SEO in the form of rich snippets 4   , or the possibility of better articulating the value proposition of products on the Web. The latter can take advantage of both product categorization standards and catalog group structures in order to organize types of products and services and to contribute additional granularity in terms of semantic de- scriptions 19. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. However  , there are several aspects where they deviate from our proposal as presented in the sections above  , most notably: a their scope focuses on closed corporate environments which may involve proprietary applications or standards rather than open technologies at the scale of an open Web of Data; and b being aimed at generic PIM and MDM systems  , their level of abstraction is very broad  , introducing additional degrees of separation with respect to the applicability to the problem scenario targeted by the BMEcat2GoodRelations converter tool. However  , best-first search also has some problems. Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. The first query delivers already the best possible results only. 5shows the search result of a product search with Preference SQL via a mobile WAP phone. For searching in the implicit C-space  , any best-first search mechanism can be applied. As evaluation The best 900 rules  , as measured by extended Laplace accuracy  , were saved. Iterative depth first search was used. The pruning comes in three forms. To answer ML2DQ  , we adopt the same best first search approach as LDPQ. Admissible functions are optimistic. Best-first search which uses admissible function  , finds the first goal node that is also the optimal one. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first approach towards comprehensive context modeling for context-aware search. First  , we propose a novel model to support context-aware search. 4 Experiments on the search results of a commercial search engine well validated its effectiveness. To our best knowledge  , this is the first work which considers the correlation between search queries and tags for search result re-ranking. The technique is applied to a graph representation of the octree search space  , and it performs a global search through the graph. The third technique we use is A' search Nilsson 711 -a best-first  , tree-structured search method. Both the search engine and the crawler were not built specifically for this application. Currently  , the search engine-crawler symbiosis is implemented using a search engine called Rosetta 5 ,4 and a Naive Best-First crawler 14 ,15. First  , the current best partial solution is expanded its successors are added to the search graph by picking an unexpanded search state within the current policy. Each iteration of AO* search is composed of two parts. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. , by breadth-first  , best-first or depth-first search. We chose these two benchmark systems because Google is currently known as the best general search engine and NanoSpot is currently one of the best NSE domain-specific search engines. In our first user evaluation experiment  , we let domain experts judge and compare the search results from NanoPort to those from two benchmark systems: Google and NanoSpot. Search terminates when no new ps maybeopenedor~only remainingcandidatep: ,iSthe desired destinetionp~ itself. the sholtest disw fhml the starting point a form of " best first " . A reformulation node is chosen based on a modified form of best-first search. A task is defined to be an application of a rule to a goal. To the best of our knowledge  , XSeek is the first XML keyword search engine that automatically infers desirable return nodes to form query results. First the parameter space was coarsely gridded with logarithmic spacing. The search for the best choice of this parameter was performed in two steps.  Results: It presents experimental results from SPR and Prophet with different search spaces. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first characterization of this tradeoff. We first obtain the ground-truth of search intents for each eventdriven query. To select the best source  , we define the criteria as follows: Due to the space limitations  , the details are omitted here. This overhead can be reduced by an approximate pairwise ranking that uses a best-first search strategy. If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. Here  , we present MQSearch: a realization of a search engine with full support for measured information. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first search engine with such support for measured information. The findings can help improve user interface design for expert search. To the best of our knowledge  , this is one of the first query log analyses targeting on expert search. However  , Backward expanding search may perform poorly w.r.t. In brief  , it does a best-first search from each node matching a keyword; whenever it finds a node that has been reached from each keyword  , it outputs an answer tree. Typical state lattice planners for static domains are implemented using a best-first search over the graph such as A* or D*-lite. We now argue that an exhaustive search is necessary anyway for a driving application. The search attention is always concentrated on the current node unless it is abandoned according to the pruning criteria. Best first searches are a subset of heuristic search techniques which are very popular in artificial intelligence. For general or complex prob lem spaces  , such heuristic based search techniques are almost always more e5cient and certainly more interesting. In this work  , we first classify search results  , and then use their classifications directly to classify the original query. The best results were obtained when using 40 top search hits. Notice also that we have chosen to search " worsefirst   , " rather than to search " best-first. " In practice however  , this is almost always the case under any definition of exemplar quality. The simulated search scenario for ENA task was as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first time that an entertainment-based search task is simulated in this way. Furthermore  , the OASIS search technique employs a best-first A* search strategy as it descends the suffix tree. By carefully managing the layout of the suffix tree in disk blocks  , OASIS can be efficient even on large data sets. We first perform a best-first-search in the graph from the node containing the initial position tc the node containing the goal. Suppose we want to compute a trajectory be:ween an initial and a final configuration. Using the best individual from the first run as the basis for a second evolutionary run we evolved a trot gait that moves at 900cm/min. Here we ran experiments first with a large initial search space. Next  , state values and best action choices are updated in a bottom-up manner  , starting from the newly expanded state. Browsing a " best " set required using the application's pull-down menu to open files from the hard disk. Launching an image search required first launching a text search or " best " browse that displayed the resulting thumbnails  , and then dragging and dropping a thumbnail into the upper left pane. System B scored best when respondents reacted to the third statement  , about search outcome 24-score mean: 1.46  , and scored almost as well on the first statement 24score mean: 1.50. System A scored best when respondents recorded their reactions to the first statement  , about their pre-query 'mental image' 24score mean: 1.21. Then  , we use the generic similarity search model two times consecutively  , to first find the best candidate popular patterns and second locate the best code examples. At run-time  , for a given query  , first the most relevant p-strings are identified. If the goal t for finite search spacar $ &t first fiche csns.s some depth first search at the most promising node and if a solution is not found  , thii node soon becomes less promising zu compared to 8ome other aa yet unexplored node which is then expanded and subsequently explored. Best first searches combine the advantages of heuristics with other blind search techniques like DFS and BFS $. Based on our experiments  , we find that our system enables broad crosslingual support for a wide variety of location search queries  , with results that compare well with the best monolingual location search providers. In this section  , we first establish a baseline using our transliteration module and commercial monolingual location search systems  , since no other comparable crosslingual location search system exists. Nevertheless  , since this work is the first step toward our final goal  , our model is yet to cover all the aspects of location-based social search. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work on developing a formal model for location-based social search that considers check-in information as well as alternative recommendation. Non-promising URLs are put to the back of the queue where they rarely get a chance to be visited.  We present an experimental evaluation  , demonstrating that our approach is a promising one. Using best-first search  , SCUP generates compositions for WSC problems with minimal cost of violations of the user preferences. It performs a best-first search of a graph of possible foot placements to explore sequences of trajectories. Our prototype planner is a simple attempt to meet these goals. The increase in search space can also be seen in the size of the resulting lattice. The resulting 1-best error rates decrease for the first three setups but stays around the same for the third and fourth. TREC 2005 was the first year for the enterprise track  , which is an outgrowth of previous years' web track tasks. Thus  , more work is needed to understand how best to support discussion search. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first work to apply federated IR techniques in the context of entity search. In future work  , we plan to expand our work to non-cooperative environments. This can be achieved by applying the negative logarithm to the original multiplicative estimator function Eq. In order to use established best-first search approaches  , we need to make the heuristic function both additive and positive. For example   , a topic-focused best-first crawler 9 retrieves only 94 Movie search forms after crawling 100 ,000 pages related to movies. But searchable forms are very sparsely distributed over the Web  , even within narrow domains. During a search  , the crawler only follows links from pages classified as being on-topic. The best-first crawler BFC uses a classifier that learns to classify pages as belonging to topics in a taxonomy. Furthermore  , to the best of our knowledge  , SLIDIR is the first system specifically designed to retrieve and rank synthetic images. SLIDIR differs from general image search engines  , as it focuses solely on slide image retrieval from presentation sets. An appropriate heuristic function is used to compute the promise of a path. Traditionally  , test collections are described as consisting of three components: topics  , documents and relevance judgments 5. Ranked retrieval test collections support insightful  , explainable  , repeatable and affordable evaluation of the degree to which search systems present results in best-first order. Academic search engines have become the starting point for many researchers when they draft research manuscripts or work on proposals. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that studies academic query classification. A best first search without backtracking should be effective if the pedestrian templates we take distribute averagely. The whole pedestrian area in RPUM will then be set black to avoid duplicate matching. In this paper  , we presented two methods for collection ranking of distributed knowledge repositories. The candidate graph G c is a directed graph containing important associations of variables where the redundancy of associations should be minimized. K2 uses a simple incremental search strategy: it first searches for the best Suppose we have in the node Z state with R started separated sessions. This global view is a map of the search results over geographic space. The first is a global view of the results that shows what grid cells on the Earth best match the query. Within the class of heuristic searches  , R* is somewhat related to K-best-first search 20. However  , the methodological exploration limits them from being widely applicable to high-dimensional planning. The latter limits the number of successors for each expanded state to at most K states. For the first encounter  , we search the best matching scans. Encounters between robots black lines as well as loop closing constraints red lines within a trajectory are generated by scan matching. Another group of related work is graph-based semi-supervised learning. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is one of the first to study the search task that a web page can accomplish. Although other work has explored dwell time  , to the best of our knowledge this is the first work to use dwell time for a large scale  , general search relevance task. Finally  , we conclude the paper in Section 7. This paper provides a first attempt to bridge the gap between the two evolving research areas: procedural knowledge base and taskoriented search. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , structured or semi-structured procedural knowledge has not been studied in the context of task-oriented search as a means to improve search quality and experience. In order to describe the search routines  , it is useful to first describe the search space in which they work. The second set of experiments were run to determine the best of several search routines and matching functions that could be used to register the long-term and short-term perception maps. Given a user query  , we first determine dynamically appropriate weights of visual features  , to best capture the discriminative aspects of the resulting set of images that is retrieved. In this paper we introduce new methods to diversify image search results. The page classifier guides the search and the crawler follows all links that belong to a page whose contents are classified as being on-topic. Baseline  , a variation of the best-first crawler 9. However  , the internal crawl is restricted to the webpages of the examined site. Analogously to a focused page crawler  , the internal crawler traverses the web using a best-first search strategy. In our first attempt we did a plain full text keyword search for labels and synonyms and created one mapping for the best match if there was one. We searched for English labels and synonyms of the FMA in Wikipedia. In this context  , the ontological reasoning provides a way to compute the heuristic cost of a method before decomposing it. A recent work 30 also propose to incorporate content salience into predicting user attention on SERPs. To our best knowledge  , we are among the first to adopt visual saliency information in predicting search examination behavior. Secondly  , we would like to establish whether term frequency  , as modelled by the TP distribution  , represents useful additional information. As far as the initial search is concerned  , there is  , first  , the issue of whether IDF weighting is the best strategy. The best-first planning BFP inethod 9 is adopted to search points with the minimum potential. 7  , the result of path planning demonstrates that the method is able to handle the complexity terrain. Since the object inference may not be perfect  , multiple correspondences are allowed. A best-first search is used to build the correspondences of objects using three types of constraints. The second criterion considers different kinds of relationships between an input query and its suggestions. To the best of our knowledge   , this is the first criterion that compares the search result quality of the input query and its suggestions. The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. Comparing the running times we observe that MaxMiner is the best method for this type of data. Users rely on search engines not only to return pages related to their search query  , but also to separate the good from the bad  , and order results so that the best pages are suggested first. The sheer number of both good and bad pages on the Web has led to an increasing reliance on search engines for the discovery of useful information. It requires assessors to compare the search results of the suggestions to that of the input query and awards those suggestions having better search results. As partial matches are computed   , the search also computes an upper-bound on the cost of matching the remaining portion of the query. We want to demonstrate the use of the symbiotic model by picking an off-the-shelf search engine and a generic topical crawler. For each top ranked search result  , they performed a limited breadth first search and found that searching to a distance of 4 resulted in the best performance. Vassilvitskii and Brill 6 used distance on the web graph to perform a reranking of search results given that relevant documents link to other relevant documents. This is essentially a single-pair search for n constrained paths through a graph with n nodes. First  , the K-best search is replaced with a search that obtains the shortest path through each node in the graph one for each path. The first query is a general term  , by which the user is searching for the best coffee in Seattle area; whereas the second query is used to search for a coffee shop chain named as Seattle's Best Coffee which was originated from Seattle but now has expanded into other cities as well. These two queries are very similar but mean for different things. The first task corresponds to an end-user task where focused retrieval answers are grouped per document  , in their original document order  , providing access through further navigational means. This led to the introduction of two search tasks at INEX 2006: Relevant in Context and Best in Context  , and the elicitation of a separate Best-entry-point judgment. In this section we present experimental results for search with explicit and implicit annotations. One can imagine  , for example  , that a query like " best physical training class at Almaden " will indeed return as the first hit a page describing the most popular physical training program offered to IBM Almaden employees  , because many people have annotated this page with the keyword " best " . Our first experiment investigates the differences in retrieval performance between LSs generated from three different search engines. We have shown in 21  that 5-and 7-term LSs perform best  , depending on whether the focus is on obtaining the best mean rank or the highest percentage of top ranked URIs. In DAFFODIL the evaluation function is given by degree centrality measuring the number of co-authorships of a given actor  , i.e. MPA can be therefore seen as a best-first search that reduces the number of paths to be pursued to the best ones by applying a particular evaluation function. Such a path is expected to provide the best opportunity for the machine to place its feet while moving with a certain gait over a rough terrain. The commonly known Best First Planning 9  will also be adopted to search an optimal path. In our experiments  , we observe that adding the author component tends to improve the recommendation quality better so we first tune α  , which yields different f-scores  , as shown by the blue curve in Fig. We determine which of the two components obtains greater improvement if incorporated  , search for the best parameter for this component  , fix it  , and then search for the best parameter for the other component. In the beginning we consider the first k links from each search engine  , find the permutation with highest self-similarity  , record it  , remove the links selected from candidate sets  , and then augment them by the next available links k + 1. This method is similar to BestSim method  , but instead of looking for a single permutation with best self-similarity we try to find the first m best permutations. As we shall discuss  , this Web service is only usable for specific goal instances – namely those that specify a city wherein the best restaurant in French. We specify the techniques in a first-order logic framework and illustrate the definitions by a running example throughout the paper: a goal specifies the objective of finding the best restaurant in a city  , and a Web service provides a search facility for the best French restaurant in a city. Over the past decade  , the Web has grown exponentially in size. Since the only task was to perform a real time ad hoc search for the track  , we decided that the task would be best suited by using a traditional search methodology. As this was the first year for the Microblog Track  , our primary goal was to create a baseline method and then attempt to improve upon the baseline. Financial data  , such as macro-economic indicator time series for countries  , information about mergers and acquisition M&A deals between companies  , or stock price time series  , is typically stored in relational databases  , requiring domain expertise to search and retrieve. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first system combining natural language search and NLG for financial data. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that incorporates tight lower bounding and upper bounding distance function and DWT as well as triangle inequality into index for similarity search in time series database. Haar wavelet transform has been used in many domains  , for example  , time series similarity search 11. The idea of heuristic best-first search is to estimate which nodes are most promising in the candidate set and then continue searching in the way of the most promising node. Heuristic search aspires to solve this problem efficiently by utilizing background knowledge encoded in a heuristic function. 2 We make our search system publicly accessible for enabling further research on and practical applications for web archives. For the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to provide entity-oriented search on the Internet Archive  , as the basis for a new kind of access to web archives  , with the following contributions: 1 We propose a novel web archive search system that supports entity-based queries and multilingual search. By taking advantage of the best-first search  , the search space is effectively pruned and the top-k relevant objects are returned in an incremental manner. In the second step  , COR computes the accurate visibilities for objects   , as well as the tightest visibility upper bounds for IR-tree nodes. Description: Given this situation  , this person needs to first scan the whole system to identify the best databases for one particular topic  , then conduct a systematic search on those databases on a specific topic. But s/he has no idea about which of the many possible databases to search. Our results explain their finding by showing that relevant documents are found within a distance of 5 or are as likely to be found as non-relevant documents. For fuzzy search  , we compute records with keywords similar to query keywords  , and rank them to find the best answers. For exact search  , we find records containing the first two keywords and a word with prefix of " li "   , e.g. , record r 5. With an in-depth study to analyze the impacts of saliency features in search environment  , we demonstrate visual saliency features have a significant improvement on the performance of examination prediction. To our best knowledge  , we are the first to use visual saliency maps in search scenario. Since the pioneering work of Agrawal 1 and Faloutsos 2  , there emerged many fruit of research in similarity search of time series. Thus  , it is most beneficial for the search engine to place best performing ads first. As with search results  , the probability that a user clicks on an advertisement declines rapidly  , as much as 90% 5  , with display position see Figure 1. If additional speed is required from the graph search it may be possible to use a best first approach or time limit the search. Obviously there is nothing inherent in each of the factors which determines how heavily each should be weighted  , but this may be established on an experimental basis. While all three access mechanisms were identified prominently in the tutorial—a color  , printed document left with each participant—non-text access required extra thought and work. The GBRT reranker is by far the best  , improving by over 33% the precision of UDMQ  , which achieved the highest accuracy among all search engines participating in the MQ09 competition. First  , we see that all image-based rerankers yield higher values of statMPC@10 than the search engines using text only. The central contribution of this work is the observation that a perfect document ranking system does not necessarily lead to an upper-bound expert search performance. To our best knowledge  , this is the first study of the extent to which an upper-bound limit of expert search performance is achievable when in presence of perfect document rankings. Thus  , to efficiently maintain an up-to-date collection of hidden-Web sources  , a crawling strategy must perform a broad search and simultaneously avoid visiting large unproductive regions of the Web. If the individual rankings of the search engines are perfect and each search engine is equally suited to the query  , this method should produce the best ranking. Note that in this method  , duplicate links are reported only when the first occurrence is seen. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is the first to establish a collaborative Twitter-based search personalization framework and present an effective means to integrate language modeling  , topic modeling and social media-specific components into a unified framework. Moreover  , the user's query has not been considered and thus the methods cannot be readily applied to microblog search personalization. This paper describes a preliminary  , and the first to the best of our knowledge  , attempt to address the interesting and practical challenge of a search engine duel. The approach also substantially outperforms a highly effective fusion method that merges the results of the strong and weak search engines. Since OASIS always expands the node at the head of the priority queue  , it is a best-first search technique like A*. The close correspondence between the search expansion and the suffix tree implies that this step corresponds to exploring all the children of the corresponding suffix tree node. This approach is suitable for building a comprehensive index  , as found in search engines such as Google or AltaVista. 2 If the Web is viewed as a graph with the nodes as documents and the edges as hyperlinks  , a crawler typically performs some type of best-first search through the graph  , indexing or collecting all of the pages it finds. Another approach which is currently being investigated is to merge the graph built on the previous run of the Navigator with the one currently being built. Several research studies 21  , 1  , 5  , 28 highlighted the value of roles as means of control in collaborative applications . To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt for mining users' roles within a collaborative search  , which enables implicitly and dynamically assigning roles to users in which they can be most e↵ective at the current search stage. It makes us believe that a prediction framework based on traditional position factors and the newly proposed visual saliency information may be a better way than existing solutions in modeling the examination behavior of search users. In this paper  , we present a novel examination model based on static information of SERPs  , which has more practical applications in search scenario than existing user-interaction-based models . In the remainder of this paper  , Section 2 discusses related work on expert search and association models. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt to infer the strength of document-person associations beyond authorship attribution for expert search in academia. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first study to evaluate the impact of SSD on search engine cache management. To complement the inadequacy of cache hit ratio as the metric  , our study is based on real replays of a million of queries on an SSD-enabled search engine architecture and our findings are reported based on actual query latency. When more than one task is returned from the procedural knowledge base  , we need to determine which task is the best fit for the user's search intent. Given a task-oriented search task represented by query q  , we first retrieve a list of candidate tasks from the procedural knowledge base that mention the query q in either the summary or the explanation. We extract the search result pages belong to Yelp 2   , TripAdvisor 3 and OpenTable 4 from the first 50 results. This year we conduct a best-effort strategy to crawl online opinions in the following way: We first use the candidate suggestion name with its location city + state as the query to Google 1 it. When searching for syllabi on a generic search engine the best case scenario is that the first handful of links returns the most popular syllabi and the rest of them are not very relevant. The first two results are duplicates  , the third result is 8 years old  , and the fourth is not a course syllabus. The first is Best- First search  , which prioritizes links in the frontier based on the similarity between the query and the page where the link was found. Our second goal is to apply this evaluation framework to compare three types of crawlers. of the measure we want to minimize for configurations inside this cell  , weighted by the average probability for all cells of the graph. Admissible heuristic function guarantees to find optimal solutions  , that means the cheapest 1 path from start to goal node if the path exists. The TREC topics are real queries  , selected by editors from a search engine log. We illustrate the effectiveness of this approach using the first six TREC 2003 Web Track topic distillation topics taking the first six to avoid cherry-picking queries for which our method works best. In this paper we aim to learn from positive and negative user interactions recorded in voice search logs to mine implicit transcripts that can be used to train ASR models for voice queries first contribution . It is also evident that the user interactions during the first two queries could perhaps be used to rank the correct suggestion in n-best on top. Ours is also the first to provide an in-depth study of selecting new web pages for recommendations. To the best of the authors' knowledge  , however  , our work is the first on automatically detecting queries representing specific standing interests   , based on users' search history  , for the purposes of making web page recommendations. One of the first focused web crawlers was presented by 8 which introduced a best-first search strategy based on simple criteria such as keyword occurrences and anchor texts. In this section  , we discuss related work on focused crawling as well as on text and web classification. Focused crawling  , on the other hand  , attempts to order the URLs that have been discovered to do a " best first " crawl  , rather than the search engine's " breadth-first " crawl. " Rather  , any and all newly discovered links are placed onto the crawl frontier to be downloaded when their turn comes. Beam-search is a form of breadth-first search  , bounded both in width W and depth D. We use parameters D = 4 to find descriptions involving at most 4 conjunctions  , and W = 10 to use only the best 10 hypotheses for refinement in the next level. The quality of such rules is expressed with a confidence-intervalP with P = .95  , and the employed search strategy is beamsearchW  ,D. Also  , it is very difficult to search for syllabi on a per-subject basis or restrict the search to just syllabi if one is looking for something specific—like how many syllabi use a certain text book for instance. The first run for list-questions selected the twelve best matching answers  , whereas the second and third run used our answer cardinality method Section 2.3  , to select the N-best answers. The parameters for factoid-questions were the use of hypernyms  , the use of hyponyms harvested from large corpora i.e. , not from WordNet  , and whether documents from the Blog06 corpus were included in the search or not. Because we did not have any ground truth for selecting among these alternatives in the first year of the track  , we instantiated a small crowdsourcing task on CrowdFlower  , 9 in which we showed the annotators questions from the final dry run  , with up to six answers from the six retrieval configurations when two or more methods returned the same answer  , we would show fewer than six options. When we search in old best answers  , we just return the best answer that we find. Using the document option  , the user can browse through each document; information displayed includes the first lines of the documents  , the list of references cited in the paper  , the list of papers citing the document and the list of other related documents. Given a search query  , ResearchIndex retrieves either the documents document option for which the content match best the query terms  , or the citations citation option that best matches the query terms. Furthermore  , all of these search engines Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Currently  , to the best of our knowledge  , all of the existing search engines have been examined only for small and/or unreal data. 2 Based on the documents you've examined on the search result list  , please select the star rating that best reflects your opinion of the actual quality of the query subjects were presented with the 5-star rating widget. While the first question was identical to one of the initial query evaluation questions  , the second contained slight word changes to indicate that subjects should consider their experiences evaluating search results. To our best knowledge  , this work is the first systematic study for BT on real world ads click-through log in academia. In this work  , we provide a systematic study on the ads clickthrough log of a commercial search engine to validate and compare different BT strategies for online advertising. Such useful documents may then be ranked low by the search engine  , and will never be examined by typical users who do not look beyond the first page of results. Unfortunately  , the documents with the best answers may contain only one or two terms from the original query. The standard approach to document collection and indexing on the web is the use of a web crawler. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to use a weighted-multiple-window-based approach in a language model for association discovery. We propose to integrate the above three innovative points in a two-stage language model for more effective expert search than using document content alone. Our primary contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first study that both proposes a theoretical framework for eliminating selection bias in personal search and provides an extensive empirical evaluation using large-scale live experiments. The second task  , namely prior art search  , consists of 1000 test patents and the task is to retrieve sets of documents invalidating each test patent. The first task  , namely the technology survey  , consists of 18 expert-defined natural language expressions of the information needed and the task is to retrieve a set of documents from a predefined collection that can best answer the questions. The first and simplest heuristic investigates estimates of search engine's page counts for queries containing the artist to be classified and the country name. We conducted experiments with various tf · idf variants and found that the following seems to be suited best for this particular task: Our contribution is three-fold: to the best of our knowledge  , this is a first attempt to i investigate diversity for event-driven queries  , ii use the stream of Wikipedia article changes to investigate temporal intent variance for event-driven queries 2   , and iii quantify temporal variance between a set of search intents for a topic. reflect intent popularity over time ? SCUP combines HTN planning with best-first search that uses a heuristic selection mechanism based on ontological reasoning over the input user preferences  , state of the world  , and the HTNs. The task we have defined is to travel to a destination while obeying gait constraints. The branching factor of the best-first search is thus a function of the number of terrain segments reachable from a given liftoff and the sample spacing of the selection procedure. The backtraclking method applies the last-in-first-out policy to node generation instead of node expansion. I f it fails to find a solution  , we return to get the second best marking on OPEN as: a new root for a BT search  , and so on. After the candidate scene is selected by the priority-rating strategy  , its SIFT features are stored in a kd-tree and the best-bin-first strategy is used to search feature matches. In our work  , we use four pairs to calculate a candidate transformation. This research has been co-financed by the European Union European Social Fund ESF and Greek national funds through the Operational Program " Education and Lifelong Learning " of the National Strategic Reference Framework NSRF -Research Funding Program: Heracleitus II. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work addressing the issue of result diversification in keyword search on RDF data. In our experiments  , we test the geometric mean heuristicusinga twostageN-best rescoring technique: in the first stage  , the beam search is carried out to identify the top N candidates whose scores are consequently normalized by their word sequence lengths in the second stage. 3.1  , the geometric mean heuristics as in 6 poses some challenge to be implemented in the word synchronous fashion. Increasing the candidate statements beyond 200 never increases the number of correct patches that are first to validate . Tables 3 and 4 show how this tradeoff makes the baseline SPR and Prophet configurations perform best despite working with search spaces that contain fewer correct patches. By doing this  , we search for a unified set of latent factors that best explains both content and link structures simultaneously and seamlessly. In our model  , we connect two components through a set of shared factors  , that is  , the latent factors in the second component for contents are tied to the factors in the first component for links. She can ask the librarian's assistance with regards to the terminology and structure of the domain of interest  , or search the catalogue  , then she can browse the shelf that covers the topic of interest and pick the items that are best for the task at hand. The user first chooses a library based  on the domain of interest  , then she explores the library. Naturally  , an abundance of research challenges  , in addition to those we address here  , arise. This person needs to compare the descriptions of the contents of different databases in order to choose the appropriate ones. The problem of selection bias is especially important in the scenario of personal search where the personalized nature of information needs strongly biases the available training data. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is the first to generally study selection bias to improve the effectiveness of learning-to-rank models. By applying A*  , a heuristic based best-first search is performed on the extended visibility graph. Finally  , edges are inserted between all nodes of the visibility graph that have direct visibility and are assigned edge costs proportional to their Euclidean distances. A simple breadth-first search is quite effective in discovering the topic evolution graphs for a seed topic Figure 4and Figure 5a. In this subsection  , rather than focusing on finding the single best parameter values  , we explore the parameter space and present multiple examples of graphs obtained with varying parameter values. The subject is then allowed to use the simple combination method to do search for several times to find the best queries he/she deems appropriate. Every subject is first required to give his/her relevance judgements on the results of QA1 and QA2 w.r.t the two information needs IN1 and IN2. In the same vein  , there are several examples of navigational queries in the IBM intranet where the best result is a function of the geography of the user  , i.e. , the region or country where the user is located. , the sales home page for BTO must rank first in the search results. Additional documents are then retrieved by following the edges from the starting point in the order of a breadth first search. The entry point can be directly provided by the user by selecting a document icon  , or determined by the system as the document that best matches the query. Note that although the first two baselines are heuristic and simple   , they do produce reasonable results for short-term popularity prediction  , thus forming competitive baselines see 29. We use grid search to set the best parameters on the development portion  , and then evaluate all methods on the remaining 90% test portion. We assess our techniques using query logs from a production cluster of a commercial search engine  , a commercial advertisement engine  , as well as using synthetic workloads derived from well-known distributions. To the best of our knowledge  , this policy is the first one to solve the multilevel aggregation problem. The first task provides a set of expertdefined natural language questions of information needs also known as TS topics for retrieving sets of documents from a predefined collection that can best answer those questions. TRECCHEM defines two independent retrieval tasks namely the Technology Survey and the Prior Art Search. A control strategy such as that discussed earlier in this section can be put into the ASN as a "first guess'; that can be adjusted according to experience. The ASN has the capability of learning which action search strategy is the best to take given a particular context. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first studying the relation between long-term web document persistence and relevance for improving search effectiveness. These persistent terms are especially useful for matching navigational queries  , because the relevance of documents for these queries are expected to not change over time. Section 3 presents simulation results that show that our approach yields stable system rankings over a range of parameter settings; Section 4 presents next steps. ARRANGER works as follows: First  , the best ranking functions learned from the training set are stored and the rest are discarded. Note that when we plug in the newly-discovered functions into our search engine  , the same rules must be followed. The system eliminates the pixels in the masked region from the calculation of the correlation of the large template Fig.2left and determines the best match position of the template with the minimum correlation error in a search area. In the second stage  , the system calculates the correlation error of the large template using the mask created in the first stage. In the following discussion we focus on the first type of selection  , that is  , discovering which digital libraries are the best places for the user to begin a search. Each of these research problems presents a number of challenges that must be addressed to provide effective and efficient solutions to the overall problem of distributed information retrieval. In this paper  , we present HAWK  , the to best of our knowledge first fullfledged hybrid QA framework for entity search over Linked Data and textual data. Therefore  , a considerable number of questions can only be answered by using hybrid question answering approaches  , which can find and combine information stored in both structured and textual data sources 22. As mentioned before  , the information about the purpose of a website is usually located around the homepage since most publishers want to tell the user what a website is about  , before providing more specific information. In this paper  , we present a novel distributed keyword-based search technique over RDF data that builds the best k results in the first k generated answers. Experiments over widely used benchmarks have shown very good results with respect to other approaches  , in terms of both effectiveness and efficiency. Users tend to reformulate their queries when they are not happy with search results 4. The information retrieval literature is rich with related techniques that leverage query reformulations and clicks in the past user logs  , however  , to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first large-scale study on mobile query reformulations. Since the first strategy in general produces the shortest key list for record retrieval  , it is usually but not always the best strategy in most sit- uations. The third search strategy  , of course  , uses only the cross reference index on the field "COLOR." In our framework  , called RDivF RDF + Diversity  , which we are currently developing  , we exploit several aspects of the RDF data model e.g. , resource content  , RDF graph structure  , schema information to answer keyword queries with a set of diverse results. A challenge in any search optimization including ours is deriving statistics about variables used in the model; we have presented a few methods to derive these statistics based on data and statistics that is generally available in search engines. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that relates results quality and diversity to expected payoff and risk in clicks and provides a model to optimize these quantities. More concretely  , our contributions are:  We propose a mechanism for expiring cache entries based on a time-to-live value and a mechanism for maintaining the cache content fresh by issuing refresh queries to back-end search clusters  , depending on availability of idle cycles in those clusters. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to consider the problem of refreshing result entries in search engine caches. Second  , we will study  , using well chosen parameters  , which searching scheme is the best for frequent k-n-match search. First  , we will study how to choose parameters  , particularly  , the range of frequent k-n-match  , n0 ,n1   , to optimize its performance we will focus on frequent k-n-match instead of k-n-match  , since frequent k-n-match is the technique we finally use to perform similarity search. Through a large-scale user study with academic experts from several areas of knowledge  , we demonstrate the suitability of the proposed association and normalization models to improve the effectiveness of a state-of-the-art expert search approach. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: in the next Section we introduce the related work  , before going on to describe the unique features of web image search user interfaces in Section 3. Note that  , because the probability of clicking on an ad drops so significantly with ad position  , the accuracy with which we estimate its CTR can have a significant effect on revenues. Along the same vein  , a large body of recent research has focused on continuous queries over data streams e.g. , 2  , 4  , 12  , 14 . Tradeoff: It identifies and presents results that characterize a tradeoff between the size and sophistication of the search space and the ability of the patch generation system to identify correct patches. Our approach to the second selection problem has been discussed elsewhere6 ,7. Our experiments in section 3 are concerned with the manual search task on the TRECVID2002 and TRECVID2003 datasets. Our work focuses on two main areas  , the first is devising a method for combining text annotations and visual features into one single MPEG-7 description and the second is how best to carry out text and nontext queries for retrieval via a combined description. That is  , the first X documents are retrieved from the ranked list  , where X is the number which gives the best average effectiveness as measured by the E value. The serial search was evaluated in both cases by using an optimal cutoff on the ranked documents. The main contributions of this paper are: 1 To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work on modeling user intents as intent hierarchies and using the intent hierarchies for evaluating search result diversity. design hierarchical measures using the intent hierarchies to solve the problems mentioned above. The first purely statistical approach uses a compiled English word list collected from various available linguistic resources. In the following  , we provide more details on methods used by the 5 best performing groups  , whose approaches for detecting opinionated documents have worked well  , compared to a topic-relevance baseline as shown in Table 6proaches for detecting opinionated documents  , integrated into their Terrier search engine. We discretize each parameter in 5 settings in the range 0  , 1 and choose the best-performer configuration according to a grid search. We use the first 20% of the NSH-1 Dataset not included in the evaluation to train the parameters and thresholds in HerbDisc  , by maximizing the average F 1 -measure. Omohundro 1987 proposed that the first experience found in tlie k-d tree search should be used instead  , as it is probably close enough. However  , the number of data points that must be examined to find the best match grows exponentially with the number of dimensions in the data. This means that the program generated an optimal schedule with the same makespan in a much shorter time using function h2m. The corresponding operation times are given in Notice h2m reduced the number of iterations quite significantly  , i.e. , 74% less than the case of hlm  , i.e. , the uninformed best-first search. To the best of our knowledge  , this study is the first to address the practical challenge of keeping an OSN-based search / recommender system up-to-date  , a challenge that has become essential given the phenomenal growth rate of user populations in today's OSNs 2. Further  , all of the above mentioned research studies use fixed Twitter datasets collected at a certain point in time. In this section  , we first describe our experimental setting for predicting user participation in threads in Section 4.1. This will enable users to find and contribute to the best threads  , as well as provide the search users with the most useful other users with whom they could interact  , become friends and develop meaningful communications. To our knowledge  , little research has explicitly addressed the problem of NP-query performance prediction. In fact  , according to the report on the NP task of the 2005 Terabyte Track 3  , about 40% of the test queries perform poorly no correct answer in the first 10 search results even in the best run from the top group. We are still left with the task of finding short coherent chains to serve as vertices of G. These chains can be generated by a general best-first search strategy. It follows from observation 3.3 that all paths of G correspond to m-coherent chains. In this work  , we extend this line of work by presenting the first study  , to the best of our knowledge  , of user behavior patterns when interacting with intelligent assistants. All these methods focus on analyzing user behavior when interacting with traditional search systems. In contrast  , the Backward expanding strategy used in BANKS 3 can deal with the general model. The " stand-alone " approaches described above suffered from a key architectural drawback as pointed out by 40  , the first paper to propose an explicit workload model and also to use the query optimizer for estimating costs. The latter idea of using best candidates of individual queries as the search space is valuable  , as we will discuss later. In order to automatically create a 3D model of an unknown object  , first the workspace of the robot needs to be explored in search for the object. The three stages of the Viewpoint Estimator and the Next- Best-View Selection are described in detail in the following. The operation sequence tells the order in which each operation should be initiated at the given machine. One is that it is not necessarily optimal to simply follow a " best-first " search  , because it is sometimes necessary to go through several off-topic pages to get to the next relevant one. Focused crawling  , while quite efficient and effective does have some drawbacks. A search engine can assist a topical crawler by sharing the more global Web information available to it. However  , the performance of the DOM crawler in addition to the Hub-Seeking crawler is significantly better than the Naive Best-First crawler on average target recall@10000 Figure 4d In contrast  , in this work  , we apply a different method of changing the document ranking  , namely the application of a perfect document ranking. They do not report on the users' accuracy on the information-seeking tasks ad- ministered. Their best summarization method  , which first displayed keywords for a Web page followed by the most salient sentence  , was shown to reduce the users' search time as compared to other summarization schemes. To the best of our knowledge  , the SSTM is the first model that accommodates a variety of spatiotemporal patterns in a unified fashion. To handle the aforementioned challenges  , we propose the Spatiotemporal Search Topic Model SSTM to discover the latent topics from query log and capture their diverse spatiotemporal patterns simultaneously. As the level of pruning is decreased  , the search space expands and the time of recognition increases as indicated by the increase in the RT factor. The performance of Rank-S depends on the CSI it uses  for the initial search in two ways: first  , the number of documents   , assuming that a larger CSI also causes a more accurate selection  , and second  , exactly which documents are sampled. Taily's effectiveness was en par with the best-measured effectiveness of Rank-S with P = 0.02 and P = 0.04. To the best of knowledge  , this paper represents one of the first efforts towards this target in the information retrieval research community. We study the problem of keyword-based image search by jointly exploring cross-view learning and the use of click-through data. Next  , while the inverted index was traditionally stored on disk  , with the predominance of inexpensive memory  , search engines are increasingly caching the entire inverted index in memory  , to assure low latency responses 12  , 15. Indeed  , to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work addressing the scheduling of queries across replicated query servers. A number of experiments were carried out aiming at reinforcing our understanding of query formulation  , search and post-hoc ranking for question answering. ranking: how should one rank sentences returned in a boolean environment  , so that the best possible sentences are given first to the answer extraction component ? 2 We propose hierarchical measures using intent hierarchies   , including Layer-Aware measures  , N-rec  , LD♯-measures  , LAD♯-measures  , and HD♯-measures. Note that by construction there are no local minimain the potential field for each tixqi space. A gradient Best-First search is then used to find a path Q  , from the initial point  t i   , qf to the final point t.:  , q:. This results in a fast determination of the shortest distance paths  , which enable the robot to navigate safely in narrow passages as well as efficiently in open spaces. The experimental results here can bring the message " it is time to rethink about your caching management " to practitioners who have used or are planning to use SSD to replace HDD in their infrastructures. Later  , several papers such as 2 and 3 suggested to exploit measures for the importance of a webpage such as authority and hub ranks based on the link structure of the world-wide-web to order the crawl frontier. In our within-subjects design  , the set of 24 scores for each of the first 4 statements about System A was compared with the corresponding set of 24 scores for each statement about System B. As there are currently no commercial or academic crosslingual location search systems available  , we construct a baseline  , using our transliteration system and the commercial location search engines referred to as  , T + CS listed above  , as follows: we first transliterate each of the test queries in Arabic  , Hindi and Japanese to English using our transliteration engine  , and then send the four highest ranked transliteration candidates to the three commercial location search engines. We evaluated the three commercial location search engines  , and here we are presenting as the baseline  , the performance of the best of the three commercial services  , when supplied with the four highest ranked transliterations from our transliteration system. While providing entitybased indexing of web archives is crucial  , we do not address the indexing issue in this work  , but instead extend the WayBack Machine API in order to retrieve archived content. In order to combine the scores produced by different sources  , the values should be first made comparable across input systems 2  , which usually involves a normalization step 5. Furthermore  , they normalize each single search result in isolation  , and do not even take into account if the result is good or bad in comparison to other results from the same engine  , whereby the best result of a very bad run may be assigned a similar normalized score as the best result of a very good one. In particular  , we 1 revise the definition of previously identified matching degrees and use these to differentiate the usability of a Web service on the goal template level  , 2 present a novel approach for semantic matchmaking on the goal instance level  , and 3 finally integrate the matchmaking techniques for the goal template and the goal instance level. Definition 18. Now  , having theoretically grounded – in an ontological key 23 – the initial  , basic notions -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are objects of the continuous and differentiable function of the Universe -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are equally motivated to strive to become better and/or the best I would like to pass on to the problem of the search for information  , having first formulated what information is. Our first research question examined the impact of non-uniform information access on the outcomes of CIR. However  , it appears that reducing access to the collection has little or no effect in terms of unique relevant coverage as statistical test results indicated that for almost every access scenario and search strategy  , none of the access combinations showed any significant difference from the best performing access combinations. However  , the tasks administered to the subjects included both factual questions as well as locating particular pages on the Web  , while our work focuses on finding the answers to factual questions in news articles. The average AP curve for one of the clusters shows a low AP for the first best word while additional words do not greatly improve it. These curves show typical findability behaviors of a topic  , ranging from topics which are extremely difficult to find  , no matter how many search terms are used  , to topics for which 3-4 query terms are sufficient for achieving high AP. The automatically generated textual description of answers enables the system to be used in desktop or smaller devices  , where expressing the answer in a textual form can provide a succinct summary of multiple diagrams and charts  , or in settings where text is required e.g. , in speech-enabled devices  , where the answer can be spoken back to the user. In summary  , the contributions of our work in this paper can be summarized as follows:  To the best of our knowledge  , we proposed the first time-dependent model to calculate the query terms similarity by exploiting the dynamic nature of clickthrough data. Our empirical results with the real-world click-through data collected from a commercial search engine show that our proposed model can model the evolution of query terms similarity accurately . However  , for query optimization a lower bound estimate of the future costs is always based on the best case for each operation  , i.e. , the least cost for evaluation is assumed. If c&h corresponds to the actual costs for evaluating the operations of the first set and costj is a close lower bound of the future costs  , A* search guarantees to find an optimal QEP efficiently. The expertise of a user for a query is mainly considered in this paper  , and other aspects such as the likelihood of getting an answer within a short period will be studied in our subsequent papers. A test image with unknown location is then assigned the location found by interpolating the locations of the most similar images. Instead of determining the correct grid cell and returning the latitude/longitude of the cell's center  , a text-based twostep approach is proposed in 23: first  , the most likely area is found by a language modeling approach and within the found cell  , the best match images are determined by a similarity search. The second pass does not use template stepping and is a refinement step to select the best possible SAD from within the 2i by 2i region. Now that we have calculated SAD values over the image  , we select the upper ten nonoverlapping unique regions based on the SAD metric and perform a second series of SAD calculations within a 2i by 2i search window centered on the regions identified by the first pass. For the second iteration  , we will consider links numbered 2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 from first engine  , 1 ,2 ,4 ,5 ,6 from the second one  , 1 ,2 ,4 ,5 ,6 from the third one and so on in selecting the next best similarity. For instance  , let us suppose that we start with 5 links from each search engine links 1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 and select the 1 st from 1 st engine  , 3 rd from 2 nd engine  , and 5 th from 4 th engine. In a rare study of this sort  , McCarn 9  , 10  , analyzing data of Pollitt 17 on searches of bibliographic databases  , found that a loss-based effectiveness measure was highly predictive of the amount of money a user stated they would be willing to pay for the search result. First  , we need more research into which effectiveness measures best capture what users want autonomous classifiers to do. Re- search Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. How to select the best partitions is well-studied * Work done while the author was an Intern at Yahoo! the top tags in the ranked tag list are the keywords that can best describe the visual content of the query image  , the group will be found with high probability. Since Based on the tag ranking results  , we use the first three tags of the given image  , i.e. , bird  , nature and wildlife to search for suitable groups  , and we can find a series of possible groups. Permission to copy without fee all or part of this material is granted provided that the copies are not made or distributed for direct commercial advantage  , the VLDB copyright notice and the title of the publication and its date appear  , and notice is given that copying is by permission of the Very Large Data Base Endowment. According to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first paper that describes an end-to-end system for answering fact lookup queries in search engines. Comparing with the fact lookup engines of Google and Ask.com  , FACTO achieves higher precision and comparable query coverage higher than Google and lower than Ask.com  , although it is built by a very small team of two people in less than a year. First  , there seems to be almost no difference between the partial-match and the fuzzymatch runs in most cases  , which indicates that for INEX-like queries  , complex context resemblance measures do not significantly impact the quality of the results. This result could conceivably indicate that on average  , traditional full-text text ranking methods are best for XML search at least for documents embedding large chunks of text. The modular design of the ARMin robot that allows various combinations of proximal and distal arm training modes will also provide the platform for the search of the best rehabilitation practice. The ARMin robot that was built with four active DoFs in the first prototype has now been extended with two additional DoFs for the forearm in order to allow training of ADLs and an additional DoF to accommodate the vertical movement of the center of rotation of the shoulder joint. Thus  , identifying the most Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. For example  , a user may search for " blackberry " initially to learn about the Blackberry smartphone; however  , days or weeks later the same user may search for " blackberry " to identify the best deals on actually purchasing the device. The reason why we just use the directed version of the M-HD is that our goal is to check if a pedestrian similar to the template is in the image  , but the distance measure of the other direction may include the information about dissimilarity between non-pedestrian edges in the environment and our template image so that an unreasonable large amount of undirected M-HD occurs. Under-specified or ambiguous queries are a common problem for web information retrieval systems 2  , especially when the queries used are often only a few words in length. While automatic tag recommendation is an actively pursued research topic  , to the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to study in depth the problem of automatic and real-time tag recommendation  , and propose a solution with promising performance when evaluated on two real-world tagging datasets  , i.e. , CiteULike 3 for scientific documents and del.icio.us for web pages. However  , our problem space is arguably larger  , because relevant candidate tags may not even appear in the document  , while candidate queries are most likely bounded in the document term space in keyword-based search. Recently  , the different types of Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. People and expert search are the best known entity ranking tasks  , which have been conveniently evaluated in the Text REtrieval Conference TREC 27 in the past years 21  , 22  , 2. This setup is more restricted than the one we investigate in this paper: we attempt to place test images as closely to their true geographic location as possible; we are not restricted by a set of classes. To the best of our knowledge  , Cupboard is the first system to put together all these functionalities to create an essential infrastructure component for Semantic Web developers and more generally  , a useful  , shared and open environment for the ontology community. To tackle these problems  , we propose a complete system  , based on a number of well-established technologies  , allowing ontology engineers to deploy their ontologies  , providing the necessary infrastructures to support their exploitation  , and ontology users in reusing available knowledge  , providing essential  , community-based functionalities to facilitate the search  , selection and exploitation of the available ontologies. Newton's Laws and Newton's Law of Gravity are the Limits for my One Law of Nature 39. To copy otherwise  , to republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. When a search engine has no or little knowledge of the user  , the best it can do may be to produce an output that reflects Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Our approach is simple yet effective and powerful  , and as discussed later in Section 6  , it also opens up several aspects of improvements and future work aligned with the concept of facilitating user's search without the aid of query logs. As we discuss in Section 2  , though there have been some works in the past that can be adopted for query suggestion without using query logs  , but strictly speaking  , to the best of our knowledge  , this paper is the first to study the problem of query suggestions in the absence of query logs. In summary  , we have made the following contributions: i A new type of interaction options based on ontologies to enable scalable interactive query construction  , and a theoretical justification about the effectiveness of these options; ii A scheme to enable efficient generation of top-k structured queries and interaction options   , without the complete knowledge of the query interpretation space; iii An experimental study on Freebase to verify the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed approach; iv To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt to enable effective keyword-based query construction on such a large scale database as Freebase  , considering that most existing work on database keyword search uses only test sets of small schemas  , such as DBLP  , IMDB  , etc. Finally  , we conducted extensive experiments on Freebase demonstrating the effectiveness and the efficiency of our approach. In this way  , interactive query construction opens the world of structured queries to unskilled users  , who are not familiar with structured query languages  , without actually requiring them to learn such query language. Answers question page in the search results once seeing it. Answers question page in the SERPs  , 81% of the searchers who turned to More likely in SearchAsk queries Words to  , a  , be  , i  , how  , do  , my  , can  , what  , on  , in  , the  , for  , have  , get  , with  , you  , if  , yahoo  , it First words how  , what  , can  , be  , why  , i  , do  , my  , where  , yahoo  , if  , when  , 0000  , a  , will  , 00  , best  , who  , which  , should Content words yahoo  , 00  , use  , 0  , work  , song  , old  , help  , make  , need  , like  , change  , year  , good  , long  , mail  , answer  , email  , want  , know More likely in SearchOnly queries Words facebook  , youtube  , google  , lyric  , craigslist  , free  , online  , new  , bank  , game  , map  , ebay  , county  , porn  , tube  , coupon  , recipe  , home  , city  , park First words facebook  , youtube  , google  , craigslist  , ebay  , the  , you  , gmail  , casey  , walmart  , amazon  , *rnrd  , justin  , facebook .com  , mapquest  , netflix  , face  , fb  , selena  , home Content words facebook  , youtube  , google  , craigslist  , lyric  , free  , bank  , map  , ebay  , online  , county  , porn  , tube  , coupon  , recipe  , anthony  , weather  , login  , park  , ca Therefore  , users in SearchAsk sessions are about twice as likely as in SearchOnly sessions to click on a Yahoo! We take a multi-phase optimization approach to cope with the complexity of parallel multijoin query optimization. Parallel multi-join query optimization is even harder 9  , 14  , 25.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization.  Query execution. a join order optimization of triple patterns performed before query evaluation. We focus on static query optimization  , i.e. Query optimization is a fundamental and crucial subtask of query execution in database management systems. Specify individual optimization rules. Any truly holistic query optimization approach compromises the extensibility of the system. There has been a lot of work in multi-query optimization for MV advisors and rewrite. First  , is to include multi-query optimization in CQ refresh. We now apply query optimization strategies whenever the schema changes. We now highlight some of the semantic query optimizationSQO strategies used by our run time optimizer. Thus the system has to perform plan migration after the query optimization. In query optimization using views  , to compute probabilities correctly we must determine how tuples are correlated. portant drawbacks with lineage for information exchange and query optimization using views. Semantic query optimization is well motivated in the literature6 ,5 ,7  , as a new dimension to conventional query optimization. is implemented as a rule-based system. Our experiments were carried out with Virtuoso RDBMS  , certain optimization techniques for relational databases can also be applied to obtain better query performance. Meta query optimization. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. Multi-query optimization is a technique working at query compilation phase. Multi-query optimization detects common inter-and intra-query subexpressions and avoids redundant computation 10  , 3  , 18  , 19. This comprises the construction of optimized query execution plans for individual queries as well as multi-query optimization. Logical query optimization uses equalities of query expressions to transform a logical query plan into an equivalent query plan that is likely to be executed faster or with less costs. It complements the conventional query optimization phase. This is exactly the concept of Coarse-Grained Optimization CGO. One category of research issues deals with mechanisms to exploit interactions between relational query optimization and E-ADT query optimization. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. As in applying II to conventional query optimization  , an interesting question that arises in parametric query optimization is how to determine the running time of a query optimizer for real applications . These results are very promising and indicate that  , by using sipIIsl  , parametric query optimization can be efficiently supported in current systems. Not only are these extra joins expensive  , but because the complexity of query optimization is exponential in the amount of joins  , SPARQL query optimization is much more complex than SQL query optimization. SQL systems tend to be more efficient than triple stores  , because the latter need query plans with many self-joins – one per SPARQL triple pattern. The optimization on this query is performed twice. This query is shown in Figure 7. 33. 6  reports on a rule-based query optimizer generator  , which was designed for their database generator EXODUS 2. Rule-based query optimization is not an entirely new idea: it is borrowed from relational query optimization  , e.g. , 5  , 8  , 13  , 141. We divide the optimization task into the following three phases: 1 generating an optimized query tree  , 2 allocating query operators in the query tree to machines  , and 3 choosing pipelined execution methods. Breaking the Optimization Task. The parallel query plan will be dete&iined by a post optimization phase after the sequential query optimization . DB2 query optimizer has the' cost function in terms of resource consumption such as t.he CPU 'dime and I/O time. Typically  , all sub-expressions need to be optimized before the SQL query can be optimized. Query Optimization: The optimization of an SQL query uses cost-based techniques to search for a cheap evaluation plan from a large space of options. Query optimization in general is still a big problem. ? The architecture should readily lend itself to query optimization. Optimization of the internal query represen- tation. Good query optimization is as important for 00 query languages as it is for relational query languages. 5 21. Mid-query re-optimization  , progressive optimization  , and proactive re-optimization instead initially optimize the entire plan; they monitor the intermediate result sizes during query execution  , and re-optimize only if results diverge from the original estimates. The optimization of each stage can use statistics cardinality   , histograms computed on the outputs of the previous stages. However  , semantic optimization increases the search space of possible plans by an order of magnitude  , and very ellicient searching techniques are needed to keep .the cost'of optimization within reasonable limits. As a result  , large SPARQL queries often execute with a suboptimal plan  , to much performance detriment. Then query optimization takes place in two steps. The Query Evaluator parses the query and builds an operator based query tree. The optimization goal is to find the execution plan which is expected to return the result set fastest without actually executing the query or subparts. This simplifies query optimization Amma85. Second  , the project operations are posponed until the end of the query evaluation. They investigate the applicability of common query optimization techniques to answer tree-pattern queries. Cost-based query optimization techniques for XML 22  , 29 are also related to our work. Substantial research on object-oriented query optimization has focused on the design and use of path indexes  , e.g. , BK89  , CCY94  , KM92. For query optimization  , we show how the DataGuide can be used as a parh index. Note that most commercial database systems allow specifying top-k query and its optimization. In general  , the need for rank-aware query optimization and possible approaches to supporting it is discussed in 25. The notion of using algebraic transformations for query optimization was originally developed for the relational algebra. We would like to develop a formal basis for query optimization for data models which are based on bags. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. In Section 2  , we model the search space  , which describes the query optimization problem and the associated cost model. Finally  , the optimal query correlatioñ Q opt is leveraged for query suggestion. Typically  , the optimization finishes within 30 iterations. The optimization problem of join order selection has been extensively studied in the context of relational databases 12  , 11  , 16. Picking the next query edge to fix is essentially a query optimization problem. This is in some cases not guaranteed in the scope of object-oriented query languages 27. 3 Dynamic Query Optimization Ouery optimization in conventional DBS can usually be done at compile time. While research in the nested algebra optimization is still in its infancy  , several results from relational algebra optimization 13 ,141 can be extended to nested relations. The QUERY LANGUAGE OPTIMIZER will optimize this query into an optimized access plan. IQP: we consider a modified version of the budget constrained optimization method proposed in 13 as a query selection baseline. Therefore  , the optimization function is changed to 6 also gives an overview over current and future development activities. Cost based optimization will be explored as another avenue of future work. Our current implementation is based on rule-based query optimization. Each iteralion contains a well-defined sequence of query optimization followed by data allocation optimization. The iterative approach controls the overall complexity of the combined problem. the optimization time of DPccp is always 1. As the optimization time varies greatly with the query size  , all performance numbers are given relative to DPccp  , e.g. More importantly  , multi-query optimization can provide not only data sharing but also common computation sharing. However  , the multi-query optimization technique can provide maximized capabilities of data sharing across queries once multiple queries are optimized as a batch. The major form of query optimization employed in KCRP results from proof schema structure sharing. . In a set-at-a-time system  , query optimization can take place at at least two levels. -We shall compare the methods for extensible optimization in more detail in BeG89. Another approach to extensible query optimization using the rules of a grammar to construct query plans is described in Lo88. A novel architecture for query optimization based on a blackboard which is organized in successive regions has been devised. For illustration purpose a sample optimization was demonstrated. Our approach allows both safe optimization and approximate optimization. The amount of pruning can be controlled by the user as a function of time allocated for query evaluation. A modular arrangement of optimization methods makes it possible to add  , delete and modify individual methods  , without affecting the rest. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. The optimization problem becomes even more interesting in the light of interactive querying sessions 2  , which should be quite common when working with inductive databases. This is effectively an optimization problem  , not unlike the query optimization problem in relational databases. That is  , we break the optimization task into several phases and then optimize each phase individually. Query Evaluation: If a query language is specified  , the E- ADT must provide the ability to execute the optimized plan. Query Operators and Optimization: If a declarative query language is specified  , the E-ADT must provide optimization abilities that will translate a language expression into a query evaluation plan in some evaluation algebra. This expansion allows the query optimizer to consider all indexes on relations referenced in a query. To give the optimizer more transformation choices  , relational query optimization techniques first expand all views referenced in a query and then apply cost-based optimization strategies on the fully expanded query 16 22 . First we conduct experiments to compare the query performance using V ERT G without optimization  , with Optimization 1 and with Optimization 2. In this section we present experimental results. The current implementation of DARQ uses logical query optimization in two ways. It utilizes containment mapping for identifying redundant navigation patterns in a query and later for collapsing them to minimize the query. 9 exploits XQuery containment for query optimization. 14 into an entity-based query interface and provides enhanced data independence   , accurate query semantics  , and highlevel query optimization 6 13. 17  and object-oriented approaches e.g. We represent the query subject probability as P sb S and introduce it as the forth component to the parsing optimization. Query open doesn't have the query subject. After query planning the query plan consists of multiple sub-queries. To build the plan we use logical and physical query optimization. Secondly  , relational algebra allows one to reason about query execution and optimization. This allows the result of one query to be used in the next query. We abstract two models — query and keyword language models — to study bidding optimization prob- lems. The query optimization steps are described as transformation rules or rewriting rules 7. 0 That is  , any query optimization paradig plugged-in. The signature of the SumScan operator is: open. ASW87 found this degree of precision adequate in the setting of query optimization. Astrahan  , et al. What happens when considering complex queries ? We showed the optimization of a simple query. This problem can also be solved by employing existing optimization techniques. 13 for query q. And does this have impact with our technique ? We introduce a new loss function that emphasizes certain query-document pairs for better optimization. : Multiple-query optimization MQO 20 ,19 identifies common sub-expressions in query execution plans during optimization  , and produces globally-optimal plans. To avoid unnecessary materializations  , a recent study 6 introduces a model that decides at the optimization phase which results can be pipelined and which need to be materialized to ensure continuous progress in the system. For instance   , NN queries over an attribute set A can be considered as model-based optimization queries with F  θ  , A as the distance function e.g. , Euclidean and the optimization objective is minimization. This definition is very general  , and almost any type of query can be considered as a special case of model-based optimization query. This lower optimization cost is probably just an artifact of a smaller search space of plans within the query optimizer  , and not something intrinsic to the query itself. Figure 2shows that the optimization cost of all three queries is comparable  , although Q 2 has a noticeably lower optimization cost. Heuristics-based optimization techniques generally work without any knowledge of the underlying data. Heuristics-based optimization techniques include exploiting syntactic and structural variations of triple patterns in a query 27  , and rewriting a query using algebraic optimization techniques 12 and transformation rules 15 . The optimization cost becomes comparable to query execution cost  , and minimizing execution cost alone would not minimize the total cost of query evaluation  , as illustrated in Fig Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. Both directions of the transformation should be considered in query optimization. Figure 2a and Classical database query optimization techniques are not employed in KCRP currently  , but such optimization techniques as pushing selections within joins  , and taking joins in the most optimal order including the reordering of database literals across rules must be used in a practical system to improve RAP execution. Our experiments show that the SP approach gives a decent performance in terms of number of triples  , query size and query execution time. Since only default indexes were created  , and no optimization was provided   , this leaves a room for query optimization in order to obtain a better query performance. For the query performance  , the SP queries give the best performance  , which is expected and consistent with the query length comparison. RDF native query engines typically use heuristics and statistics about the data for selecting efficient query execution plans 27. In this paper  , we present a value-addition tool for query optimizers that amortizes the cost of query optimization through the reuse of plans generated for earlier queries. The inherent cost of query optimization is compounded by the fact that typically each new query that is submitted to the database system is optimized afresh. The detection of common sub-expressions is done at optimization time  , thus  , all queries need to be optimized as a batch. Finally  , our focus is on static query optimization techniques. In fact  , the query performance of query engines is not just affected by static query optimization techniques but  , for instance  , also by the design of index structures or the accuracy of statistical information. By contrast  , we postpone work on query optimization in our geographic scalability agenda  , preferring to first design and validate the scalability of our query execution infrastructure. To our knowledge  , Mariposa was never deployed or simulated on more than a dozen machines  , and offered no new techniques for query execution  , only for query optimization and storage replication. In general  , any query adjustment has to be undertaken before any threshold setting  , as it aaects both ast1 and the scores of the judged documents  , all of which are used in threshold setting. These include: Reweighting query terms Query expansion based on term selection value Query optimization weights anddor selection of terms Threshold optimization. We begin in Section 2 by motivating our approach to order optimization by working through the optimization of a simple example query based on the TPC-H schema using the grouping and secondary ordering inference techniques presented here. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of SELECT c custkey  , COUNT * FROM Customer  , Supplier WHERE c nationkey = s nationkey GROUPBY c custkey Figure 1: A Simple Example Query query optimization Section 5. On the other  , they are useful for query optimization via query rewriting. On the one hand  , the kinds of identities above attest to the naturality of our deenitions. Optimization of this query should seek to reduce the work required by PARTITION BY and ORDER BYs. The main query uses these results. Our work builds on this paradigm. However  , sound applications of rewrite rules generate alternatives to a query that are semantically equivalent. 'I'he traditional optimization problem is to choose an optimal plan for a query. Relational optimizers thus do global optimization by looking inside all referenced views. The paper is organized as follows. Furthermore  , the rules discovered can be used for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. Optimization techniques are discussed in Section 3. In Section 2  , query model is formalized by defining all the algebraic operations required to compute answers to a query. That is  , at each stage a complete query evaluation plan exists. The " wholistic " approaches  , e.g. , 26  , 41  , consider an optimization graph-logical or physical--representing the entire query. They suffer from the same problems mentioned above. SQL-based query engines rely on relational database systems storage and query optimization techniques to efficiently evaluate SPARQL queries. The query engine uses this information for query planning and optimization. Data sources are described by service descriptions see Section 3.1. During the query optimization phase  , each query is broken down into a number of subqueries on the fragments . We discuss extensions in $2.3. JOQR is similar in functionality to a conventional query optimizer . We adopt a two-phase approach HS91 to parallel query optimization: JOQR followed by parallelization. Sections 4 and 5 detail a query evaluation method and its optimization techniques. Section 3 explains query generation without using a large lexicon. , April 21–25  , 2008ACM 978-1-60558-085-2/08/04. Query queries  , we have developed an optimization that precomputes bounds. Unfortunately  , restructuring of a query is not feasible if it uses different types of distance-combining functions. Table  IncludingPivot and Unpivot explicitly in the query language provides excellent opportunities for query optimization. These operations provide the framework to enable useful extensions to data modeling. Still  , strategy 11 is only a local optimization on each query. A simplr I ,RU type strategy like strategy W  , ignoring the query semantics  , performs very badly. The main concerns were directed at the unique operations: inclusive query planning and query optimization. Validity  , reliability  , and efficiency are more complex issues to evaluate. On the other hand  , more sophisticated query optimization and fusion techniques are required. Data is not replicated and is guaranteed to be fresh at query time. Tioga will optimize by coalescing queries when coalescing is advantageous. An optimization available on megaplans is to coalesce multiple query plans into a single composite query plan. In the third stage  , the query optimizer takes the sub-queries and builds an optimized query execution plan see Section 3.3. It highlights that our query optimization has room for improvement. We consider that this is due to a better consideration of this query particular pattern. Weights  , constraints  , functional attributes  , and optimization functions themselves can all change on a per-query basis . The attributes involved in each query will be different. The consideration of RDF as database model puts forward the issue of developing coherently all its database features. query optimization  , query rewriting  , views  , update. Motivated by the above  , we have studied the problem of optimizing queries for all possible values of runtime parameters that are unknown at optimization time a task that we call Parametric Query Optimiration   , so that the need for re-optimization is reduced. When these optimization-time assumptions are violated at execu-tion time  , m-optimization is needed or performance suffers. The multi-query optimization technique has the most restrictive requirement on the arrival times of different queries due to the limitation that multiple queries must be optimized as a batch. Thus  , a main strength of FluXQuery is its extensibility and the ability to benefit from a large body of previous database research on algebraic query optimization. Query optimization is carried out on an algebraic  , query-language level rather than  , say  , on some form of derived automata. On the other hand  , declarative query languages are easier to read since inherently they describe only the goal of the query in a simpler syntax  , and automatic optimization can be done to some degree. Manual optimization is easily possible without having to know much about the query engine's internals. This post optimizer kxamines the sequential query plan to see how to parallelize a gequential plan segment and estimates the overhead as welLas the response time reduction if this plan segment is executed in parallel. The query optimizer can add-derivation operators in a query expression for optimization purpose without explicitly creating new graph view schemes in the database. The query optimizer can naturally exploit this second optimization by dynamically building a temporary graph view: bfaidhd = e QEdge:rmdtypd'main mad " @oad and by applying Paths0 on it. optimization cost so far + execution cost is minimum. The notation is summarized in Integrated Semantic Query Optimization ISQO: This is the problem of searching the space of all possible query execution plans for all the semantically equivalent queries  , hut stopping the search when the total query evaluation time i.e. Query Language: An E-ADT can provide a query language with which expressions over values of/that E-ADT can be specified for example  , the relation E-ADT'may provide SQL as the query language  , and the sequence E-ADT may provide SEQinN. Our query language permits several  , possibly interrelated  , path expressions in a single query  , along with other query constructs. However  , we decided to build a new overall optimization framework for a number of reasons: Previous work has considered the optimization of single path expressions e.g. , GGT96  , SMY90. We differ in that 1 if the currently executing plan is already optimal  , then query re-optimization is never invoked. Techniques for dynamic query re-optimization 1615 attempt to detect sub-optimal plans during query execution and possibly re-use any intermediate results generated to re-compute the new optimal plan. However  , unlike query optimization which must necessarily preserve query equivalence  , our techniques lead to mappings with better semantics  , and so do not preserve equivalence. Our techniques are in the same spirit of work on identifying common expressions within complex queries for use in query optimization 25. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS97  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. Optimizing a query into a single plan may result in a substantially sub-optimal plan if the actual values are different from those assumed at optimization time GW89. For achieving efficiency and handling a general class of XQuery codes  , we generate executable for a query directly  , instead of decomposing the query at the operator level and interpreting the query plan. Second  , we present a new optimization called the control-aware optimization   , which can improve the efficiency of streaming code. When the SQL engine parses the query  , it passes the image expression to the image E-ADT   , which performs type checking and returns an opaque parse structure ParseStruct. This is an issue that requires further study in the form of a comprehensive performance evaluation on sipI1. Subsequently  , Colde and Graefe 8 proposed a new query optimization model which constructs dynamic plans at compile-time and delays some of the query optimization until run-time. Graefe and Ward 15 focused on determining when re-optimizing a given query that is issued repeatedly is necessary. The challenge in designing such a RISCcomponent successfully is to identify optimization techniques that require us to enumerate only a few of all the SPJ query sub-trees. Yet  , layering enables us to view the optimization problem for SPJ+Aggregation query engine as the problem of moving and replicating the partitioning and aggregation functions on top of SPJ query sub-trees. In FS98 two optimization techniques for generalized path expressions are presented  , query pruning and query rewriting using state extents. In CCM96  an algebraic framework for the optimization of generalized path expressions in an OODBMS is proposed  , including an approach that avoids exponential blow-up in the query optimizer while still offering flexibility in the ordering of operations. In section 6 the performance measurement is presented  , and finally section 7 summarizes our experiences and outlines future work. Kabra and DeWitt 21 proposed an approach collecting statistics during the execution of complex queries in order to dynamically correct suboptimal query execution plans. LEO is aimed primarily at using information gleaned from one or more query executions to discern trends that will benefit the optimization of future queries. Both solutions deal with dynamic reoptimization of parts of a single query  , but they do not save and exploit this knowledge for the next query optimization run. If the format of a query plan is restricted in some manner  , this search space will be reduced and optimization will be less expensive. For example  , during optimization  , the space of alternative query plans is searched in order to find the " optimal " query plan. There are six areas of work that are relevant to the research presented here: prefetching  , page scheduling for join execution  , parallel query scheduling  , multiple query optimization  , dynamic query optimization and batching in OODBs. Another topic for future \irork is providing support for cancelling submitted subqueries to the scheduler when a restrict or a join node yields an empty result. The idea of the interactive query optimization test was to replace the automatic optimization operation by an expert searcher  , and compare the achieved performance levels as well as query structures. The searcher is able to study  , in a convenient and effortless way  , the effects of query changes. Query optimization: DBMSs typically maintain histograms 15 reporting the number of tuples for selected attribute-value ranges. l Once registered in Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. Service Descriptions are represented in RDF. Furthermore  , service descriptions can include statistical information used for query optimization. Even the expressions above and in And as such these approaches offer excellent opportunities for query optimization. Mondial 18 is a geographical database derived from the CIA Factbook. So  , the query offers opportunities for optimization. Open PHACTS 15   , query optimization time dominates and can run into the tens of seconds. In many RDF applications  , e.g. Extensions to the model are considered in Section 5. Section 4 deals with query evaluation and optimization. Search stops when the optimization cost in last step dominates the improvement in query execution cost. mi. We know that these query optimizations can greatly improve performance. Pipelined join execution is a Pipelining optimization. Generate the set of equivalent queries. which fragments slmultl be fetched from tertiary memory . part of the scheduler to do multiple query optimization betwtcn the subqucries. The optimization in Eq. The numbering in the query canvas implies the order in which the faces are specified. In Section 2 we present related work on query optimization and statistical databases. POP places CHECK operators judiciously in query execution plans. If the CHECK condition is violated  , CHECK triggers re-optimization. Graefe surveys various principles and techniques Gra93. A large body of work exists on query optimization in databases. There are several open challenges for our CQ architecture. Histograms were one of the earliest synopses used in the context of database query optimization 29  , 25. In the context of deductive databases. Identifying common sub-expressions is central to the problem of multiple query optimization. In Section 3  , we describe our new optimization technique . In the next section  , we describe query evaluation in INQUERY. The second optimization exploits the concept of strong-token. Suppose we derive h hit-sequences from a query document. The three products differ greatly from each other with respect to query optimization techniques. We start explaining DJ's techniques. A key difference in query optimization is that we usually have access to the view definitions. 5.2. This makes them difficult to work with from an optimization point of view. Query execution times are  , in theory  , unbounded. Here n denotes the number of documents associated with query q i . , which makes the optimization infeasible. Analogous to order optimization we call this grouping optimization and define that the set of interesting groupings for a given query consists of 1. all groupings required by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query 2. all groupings produced by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query. by avoiding re-hashing if such information was easily available. A database system that can effectively handle the potential variations in optimization queries will benefit data exploration tasks. They are complementary to our study as they target an environment where a cost-based optimization module is available. In the area of Semantic Query Optimization  , starting with King King81  , researchers have proposed various ways to use integrity constraints for optimization. The idea of using integrity constraints to optimize queries is not new. In particular  , we describe three optimization techniques that exploit text-centric actions that IE programs often execute. Unlike current extraction approaches  , we show that this framework is highly amenable to query optimization . The Auto-Fusion Optimization involves iterations of fusion runs i.e. , result merging  , where best performing systems in selected categories e.g. , short query  , top 10 systems  , etc. This year  , we devised another alternative fusion weight determination method called Auto-Fusion Optimization. Our demonstration also includes showing the robustness POP adds to query optimization for these sources of errors. All of these sources of errors can trigger re-optimization because of a violation of the validity ranges. Thus  , optimizing the evaluation of boolean expressions seems worthwhile from the standpoint of declarative query optimization as well as method optimization. The need for optimizing methods in object bases has been motivated by GM88  , LD91. This file contains various classes of optimization/translation rules in a specific syntax and order. The information needed for optimization and query translation itself comes from a text file " OptimizationRules " . The DBS3 optimizer uses efficient non-exhaustive search strategies LV91 to reduce query optimization cost. When compared through this metrics  , many more tentative PTs are kept during the search  , thereby increasing significantly the optimization cost. Indeed  , our investigation can be regarded as the analogue for updates of fundamental invest ,igat.ions on query equivalence and optimization. Most of our results concern transaction equivalence and optimization. Contrary to previous works  , our results show clearly that parallel query optimization should not imply restricting the search space to cope with the additional complexity. For this purpose; we extended randomized strategies for parallel optimization  , and demonstrated their effectiveness. Further  , we also improve on their solution. In the next Section we discuss the problem of LPT query optimization where we import the polynomial time solution for tree queries from Ibaraki 841 to this general model of  ,optimization. For example   , if NumRef is set to the number of relations in the query  , it is not clear how and what information should be maintained to facilitate incremental optimization . Second  , the proposed incremental optimization strategy has a limitation. Following Hong and Stonebraker HS91  , we break the optimization problem into two phases: join ordering followed by parallelization. We address the problem of parallel query optimization  , which is to find optimal parallel plans for executing SQL queries. Clearly  , the elimination of function from the path length of high traffic interactions is a possible optimization strategy. Others question the propriety of removing DBMS services such as query optimization and views and suggest utilizing only high level interfaces. We have demonstrated the effects of query optimization by means of performance experiments. The primary contribution of this research is to underscore the importance of algebraic optimization for sequence queries along with a declarative language in which to express them. Our second goal with this demo is to present some of our first experiments with query optimization in Galax. Researchers interested in optimization for XQuery can implement their work in a context where the details of XQuery cannot be overlooked. We also showed how to incorporate our strategies into existing query optimizers for extensible databases. Our optimization strategies are provably good in some scenarios  , and serve as good heuristics for other scenarios where the optimization problem is NP-hard. AQuery builds on previous language and query optimization work to accomplish the following goals: 1. Edge optimization and sort splitting and embedding seem to be particularly promising for order-dependent queries. These optimization rules follow from the properties described earlier for PIVOT and UNPIVOT. The architecture of our query optimizer is based on the Cascades framework 3  , which enables defining new relational operators and optimization rules for them. However  , we can think of static optimization such as determining whether a query or a subquery is type-invalid early by inspecting the type information to avoid useless evaluation over potentially large amounts of irrelevant data. The method normalizes retrieval scores to probabilities of relevance prels  , enabling the the optimization of K by thresholding on prel. The threshold K was calculated dynamically per query using the Score-Distributional Threshold Optimization SDTO 1. This also implies that for a QTree this optimization can be used only once. If the outer query already uses GROUP-BY then the above optimization can not be applied. While ATLAS performs sophisticated local query optimization   , it does not attempt to perform major changes in the overall execution plan  , which therefore remains under programmer's control. and in-memory table optimization  , is carried out during this step. The direct applicability of logical optimization techniques such as rewriting queries using views  , semantic optimization and minimization to XQuery is precluded by XQuery's definition as a functional language 30. Finally query generation tools tend to generate non-minimal queries 31. The query term selection optimization was evaluated by changing /3 and 7. Although the precision decreased by several percent  , especially in the middle ranges in recall  , the combined optimization speeded retrieval by a factor of 10. A powerful 00 data modelling language permits the construction of more complex schemas than for relational databases. In order to query iDM  , we have developed a simple query language termed iMeMex Query Language iQL that we use to evaluate queries on a resource view graph. Therefore  , we follow the same principle as LUBM where query patterns are stated in descending order  , w.r.t. We deem query plan optimization an integral part of an efficient query evaluation. Given a logical query  , the T&O performs traditional query optimization tasks such as plan enumeration  , evaluating join orderings  , index selections and predicate place- ment U1188  , CS96  , HSSS. Our approach incorporates a traditional query optimizer T&O  , as a component. The different formats that exist for query tree construction range from simple to complex. As will be shown  , the different formats offer different tradeoffs  , both during query optimization and query execution. In database query languages late binding is somewhat problematic since good query optimization is very important to achieve good performance. Having late binding in the query language is necessary @ the presence of inheritance and operator overloading. There is currently no optimization performed across query blocks belonging to different E-ADTs . In this example   , the SQL optimizer is called on the outer query block  , and the SEQUIN optimizer operates on the nested query block. The entity types of our sample environment are given in Figs. In our experiments we found that binning by query length is both conceptually simple and empirically effective for retrieval optimization. Any query-dependent feature or combination of thereof can be used for query binning. Dynamic re-optimization techniques augment query plans with special operators that collect statistics about the actual data during the execution of a query 9  , 13. Moreover  , our approach is effective for any join query and predicate combinations. If a query can m-use cached steps  , the rest of the parsing and optimization is bypassed. These include exact match of the query text and equivalent host types from where the query originated. The task of the query optimizer is to build a feasible and cost-effective query execution plan considering limitations on the access patterns. Also  , the underlying query optimizer may produce sub-optimal physical plans due to assumptions of predicate independence. For this modularity  , we pay the penalty of inefficient query optimizers that do not tightly couple alternate query generation with cost-based optimization . DB2 Information Integrator deploys cost-based query optimization to select a low cost global query plan to execute . Statistics about the remote databases are collected and maintained at II for later use by the optimizer for costing query plans. We discuss the various query plans in a bit more detail as the results are presented. Consequently  , all measurements reported here are for compiled query plan execution i.e. , they do not include query optimization overhead. Development of such query languages has prompted research on new query optimization methods  , e.g. The evolution of relational databases into Object-Relational databases has created the need for relationally complete and declarative Object-Oriented 00 query languages. By compiling into an algebraic language  , we facilitate query optimization. Secondly  , many query optimizers work on algebraic representations of queries  , and try to optimize the order of operations to minimize the cost while still computing an algebraically equivalent query. Semantic query optimization can be viewed as the search for the minimum cost query execution plan in the space of all possible execution plans of the various semantically equivalent hut syntactically ditferent versions of the original query. Heurirtic Marching: We note that other researchers have termed such queries 'set queries' Gavish and Segev 19861. Query optimization derives a strategy for transmitting and joining these relations in order to minimize query total time or query response time. FluXQuery is  , to our knowledge  , the first XQuery engine that optimizes query evaluation using schema constraints derived from DTDs 1 . Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , it also improves query execution efficiency since it makes it possible for optimizers to always run at their highest optimization level as the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. We have presented and evaluated PLASTIC  , a valueaddition tool for query optimizers that attempts to efficiently and accurately predict  , given previous training instances   , what plans would be chosen by the optimizer for new queries. RuralCafe  , then allows the users to choose appropriate query expansion terms from a list of popular terms. The first optimization is to suggest associated popular query terms to the user corresponding to a search query. The objective of this class of queries is to test whether the selectivity of the text query plays a role in query optimization. A natural example of such a query is searching for catalog items by price and description. The optimal point for this optimization query this query is B.1.a. Since the worklist is now empty  , we have completed the query and return the best point. The next important phase in query compilation is Query Optimization. A prominent example in which this can happen is a query with a Boolean AND expression if one of the subexpressions returns false and the other one returns an error. There are several reasons for wanting to restrict the design of a query tree. Planning a function like S&QWN causes the optimization of the embedded query to be performed. However  , existing work primarily focuses on various aspects of query-local data management  , query execution   , and optimization. In addition to the early work on Web queries  , query execution over Linked Data on the WWW has attracted much attention recently 9 ,10 ,12 ,13 ,14. The trade-off between re-optimization and improved runtime must be weighed in order to be sure that reoptimization will result in improved query performance. It remains future work to investigate whether and when re-optimization of a query should take place. E.g. , Given two topic names  , " query optimization " and " sort-merge join "   , the Prerequisite metalink instance " query optimization Pre sort-merge join  , with importance value 0.8 " states that " prerequisite to viewing  , learning  , etc. Metalinks represent relationships among topics not sources; i.e. , metalinks are " meta " relationships. The blackbox ADT approach for executing expensive methods in SQL is to execute them once for each new combination of arguments. A control strategy is needed to decide on the rewrite rules that should be applied to a given statement sequence. These optimizations are similar to rewrite rules used in conventional single-query optimization 4 as well as in multi-query optimization 1  , 6. With such an approach  , no new execution operators are required  , and little new optimization or costing logic is needed. Transforming PIVOT into GROUP BY early in query compilation for example  , at or near the start of query optimization or heuristic rewrite requires relatively few changes on the part of the database implementer. Optimization during query compilr tion assumes the entire buffer pool is available   , but in or&r to aid optimization at nmtime  , the query tree is divided into fragments. STON89 describes how the XPRS project plans on utilizing parallelism in a shared-memory database machine. The original query is transformed into syntactically different  , but semantically equivalent t queries  , which may possibly yield a more efficient execution planS. Compared to the global re-optimization of query plans  , our inspection approach can be regarded as a complementary   , local optimization technique inside the hash join operator. If the operator detects that the actual statistics deviate considerably from the optimizer's estimates  , the current execution plan is stopped and a new plan is used for the remainder of the query. The Plastic system  , proposed in GPSH02   , amortizes the cost of query optimization by reusing the plans generated by the optimizer. CHS99  proposes least expected cost query optimization which takes distribution of the parameter values as its input and generates a plan that is expected to perform well when each parameter takes a value from its distribution at run-time. Optimization for queries on local repositories has also focused on the use of specialized indices for RDF or efficient storage in relational databases  , e.g. Research on query optimization for SPARQL includes query rewriting 9 or basic reordering of triple patterns based on their selectivity 10. A " high " optimization cost may be acceptable for a repetitive query since it can be amortized over multiple executions. This is made difficult by the necessary trade-off between optimization cost and quality of the generated plans the latter translates into query execution cost. We see that the optimization leads to significantly decreased costs for the uniform model  , compared to the previous tables. In Table 5we show CPU costs with this optimization  , for queries with expected query range sizes of 7 days  , 30 days  , and one year  , under the uniform and biased query model. In Figure 5  , we show results for the fraction pruning method and the max score optimization on the expanded query set. We found that  , counter to general wisdom regarding the max score optimization  , max score and our technique did not work as effectively on our expanded query set as on title queries. For example  , if our beers/drinkers/bars schema had " beers " as a top level node  , instead of being as a child node of Drinkers  , then the same query would had been obtained without the reduction optimization. We observed that this optimization also helps in making the final SQL query less sensitive to input schema. Many researchers have investigated the use of statistics for query optimization  , especially for estimating the selectivity of single-column predicates using histograms PC84  , PIH+96  , HS95 and for estimating join sizes Gel93  , IC91  , SS94 using parametric methods Chr83  , Lyn88 . Cost-based query optimization was introduced in SAC+79. For suitable choices of these it might be feasible to efficiently obtain a solution. It is evident that the result of a general OPAC query involves the solution of an optimization problem involving a potentially complex aggregation constraint on relation   , the nature of the aggregation constraint  , and the optimization objective  , different instances of the OPAC query problem arise. Third-order dependencies may be useful  , however   , and even higher-order dependencies may be of interest in settings outside of query optimization. The results in 16  indicate that  , for purposes of query optimization  , the benefits of identifying kth-order dependencies diminish sharply as k increases beyond 2. Doing much of the query optimization in the query language translator also helps in keeping the LSL interpreter as simple as possible. It is the translator  , not the LSL interpreter  , which can easily view the entire boolean qualification so as to make such an optimization. This research is an important contribution to the understanding of the design tradeoffs between query optimization and data allocation for distributed database design. The numhcr  , placement  , and effective use of data copies is an important design prohlem that is clearly intcrdcpcndent with query optimization and data allocation. Many researchers have worked on optimizer architectures that facilitate flexibility: Bat86  , GD87  , BMG93  , GM931 are proposals for optimizer genera- tors; HFLP89  , BG92 described extensible optimizers in the extended relational context; MDZ93  , KMP93  proposed architectural frameworks for query optimization in object bases. Fre87  , GD87  , Loh88 made rule-based query optimization popular  , which was later adopted in the object-oriented context  , as e.g. , OS90  , KM90  , CD92. Another approach to this problem is to use dynamic query optimization 4 where the original query plan is split into separately optimized chunks e.g. Our approach is to do local optimization of the resolvents of late bound functions and then define DTR in terms of the locally optimized resolvents. The technique in MARS 9 can be viewed as a SQL Optimization technique since the main optimization occurs after the SQL query is generated from the XML query. While this technique has its own advantages  , it does not produce efficient SQL queries for simple XML queries that contain the descendant axis // like the example in Section 2.1. However  , what should be clear is that given such cost-estimates  , one could optimize inductive queries by constructing all possible query plans and then selecting the best one. In the current implementation we e two-level optimization strategy see section 1 the lower level uses the optimization strateg present in this paper  , while the upper level the oy the in which s that we join order egy. Moreover  , as the semantic information about the database and thus the corresponding space of semantically equivalent queries increases  , the optimization cost becomes comparable to the cost of query execution plan  , and cannot be ignored. For query optimization  , a translation from UnQL to UnCAL is defined BDHS96  , which provides a formal basis for deriving optimization rewrite rules such as pushing selections down. query language BDHS96  , FS98 is based on a graph-structured data model similar to OEM. Moreover  , most parallel or distributed query optimization techniques are limited to a heuristic exploration of the search space whereas we provide provably optimal plans for our problem setting. Due to lack of code shipping  , techniques for parallel and distributed query optimization   , e.g. , fragment-replicate joins 26  , are inapplicable in our scenario. In the following we describe the two major components of our demonstration: 1 the validity range computation and CHECK placement  , and 2 the re-optimization of an example query. POP detects this during runtime  , as the validity range for a specific part of a query plan is violated  , and triggers re-optimization. 13; however  , since most users are interested in the top-ranking documents only  , additional work may be necessary in order to modify the query optimization step accordingly. After developing the complete path algebra  , we can apply standard query optimization techniques from the area of database systems see e.g. In this section  , we propose an object-oriented modeling of search systems through a class hierarchy which can be easily extended to support various query optimization search strategies. We notice that  , using the proposed optimization method  , the query execution time can be significantly improved in our experiments  , it is from 1.6 to 3.9 times faster. The speedup is calculated as the query execution time when the optimization is not applied divided by the optimized time. Whereas query engines for in-memory models are native and  , thus  , require native optimization techniques  , for triple stores with RDBMS back-end  , SPARQL queries are translated into SQL queries which are optimized by the RDBMS. Because of the fundamentally different architectures of in-memory and on-disk models  , the considerations regarding query optimization are very different. When existing access structures give only partial support for an operation  , then dynamic optimization must be done to use the structures wisely. An ADT-method approach cannot identify common sub-expressions without inter-function optimization  , let alone take advantage of them to optimize query execution. Experiment 5 showed that the common subexpression optimization could reduce query execution time by almost a factor of two. For multiple queries  , multi-query optimization has been exploited by 11 to improve system throughput in the Internet and by 15 for improving throughput in TelegraphCQ. The work in 24 proposes rate-based query optimization as a replacement of the traditional cost-based approach. The novel optimization plan-space includes a variety of correlated and decorrelated executions of each subquery  , using VOLCANO's common sub-expression detection to prevent a blow-up in optimization complexity. Further  , ROLEX accepts a navigational profile associated with a view query and uses this profile in a costbased optimizer to choose a best-cost navigational query plan. The original method  , referred to as query prioritization QP   , cannot be used in our experiments because it is defined as a convex optimization that demands a set of initial judgments for all the queries. Note the importance of separating the optimization time from the execution time in interpreting these results. The diversity of search space is proportional to the number of different optimization rules which executed successfully during optimization. The size of the plan space is a function of the query size and complexity but also proportional to the number of exploration rules that created alternatives during optimization. To perform optimization of a computation over a scientific database system  , the optimizer is given an expression consisting of logical operators on bulk data types. In this section we present an overview of transformation based algebraic query optimization  , and show how the optimization of scientific computations fits into this framework. In this way  , the longer the optimization time a query is assigned  , the better the quality of the plan will be.2 Complex canned queries have traditionally been assigned high optimization cost because the high cost can be amortized over multiple runs of the queries. The optimizer should also treat the optimization time as a critical resource. Therefore  , some care is needed when adding groupings to order optimization  , as a slowdown of plan generation would be unacceptable . Experimental results have shown that the costs for order optimization can have a large impact on the total costs of query optimization 3. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , PLASTIC also improves query execution efficiency because optimizers can now always run at their highest optimization level – the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. Further  , even when errors were made  , only marginal additional execution costs were incurred due to the sub-optimal plan choices. These five optimization problems have been solved for each of the 25 selected queries and for each run in the set of 30 selected runs  , giving a total of 5×25×30 = 3  , 750 optimization problems. As seen in Figures 3 and 4  , there are five optimization problems to be solved for each query of each run one for each measure. While search efficiency was one of the central concerns in the design and implementation of the Volcano optimizer generator 8  , these issues are orthogonal to the optimization of scientific computations  , and are not addressed in this paper. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. On the other hand  , optimizing a query into a single plan at compilation time may result in a substantially suboptimal plan if the actual parameter values are different from those assumed at optimization time GW89. However  , a plan that is optimal can still be chosen as a victim to be terminated and restarted  , 2 dynamic query re-optimization techniques do not typically constrain the number of intermediate results to save and reuse  , and 3 queries are typically reoptimized by invoking the query optimizer with updated information. To tackle the problem  , we clean the graph before using it to compute query dissimilarity. If the graph is unreliable  , the optimization results will accordingly become unreliable. In addition  , we show that incremental computation is possible for certain operations . : Many of these identities enable optimization via query rewriting. Recent works have exploited such constraints for query optimization and schema matching purposes e.g. , 9. Example constraints include " housearea ≤ lot-area " and " price ≥ 10 ,000 " . Flexible mechanisms for dynamically adjusting the size of query working spaces and cache areas are in place  , but good policies for online optimization are badly missing. Memory management. The contributions in SV98 are complementary to our work in this paper. They also propose techniques for incorporating these alternative choices for cost based query optimization. 27  introduces a rank-join operator that can be deployed in existing query execution interfaces. 20 focuses on the optimization of the top-k queries. Let V denote the grouping attributes mentioned in the group by clause. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of query optimization. Some alternatives are discussed in Has95. A few proposals exist for evaluating transitive closures in distributed database systems 1 ,9 ,22 . Parallelism is however recognized as a very important optimization feature for recursive query evaluation. l The image expression may be evaluated several times during the course of the query. l Deciding between different plans requires cost-based optimization of the image expression. Since vague queries occur most often in interactive systems  , short response times are essential. The models and procedures described here are part of the query optimization. The associated rewrite rules exploit the fact that statements of a sequence are correlated. Section 3 shows that this approach also enables additional query optimization techniques. Repetition is eliminated  , making queries easier to ready  , write  , and maintain. The implementation appeared to be outside the RDBMS  , however  , and there was not significant discussion of query optimization in this context. SchemaSQL 5 implements transposing operations. In Sections 2–4 we describe the steps of the BHUNT scheme in detail  , emphasizing applications to query optimization. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. Static shared dataflows We first show how NiagaraCQ's static shared plans are imprecise. It can also be used with traditional multiple-query optimization MQO schemes. This monotonicity declaration is used for conventional query optimization and for improving the user interface. The user can specm  , for example  , that WEIGHT =< WEIGHTtPREV. The rest of the paper is organized as follows. The weights for major concepts and the sub concepts are 1.0 and 0.2  , respectively. The method for weight optimization is the same as that for query section weighting. Table 2shows the speedup for each case. have proposed a strategy for evaluating inductive queries and also a first step in the direction of query optimization. De Raedt et al. In addition to the usual query parsing  , query plan generation and query parallelization steps  , query optimization must also determine which DOP to choose and on which node to execute the query. The query coordinator prepares the execution depending on resource availability in the Grid. It also summarizes related work on query optimization particularly focusing on the join ordering problem. Section 5 reviews previous work on index structures for object-oriented data bases. We conclude with a discussion of open problems and future work. An approach to semantic query optimization using a translation into Datalog appears in 13  , 24. Precomputed join indexes are proposed in 46 . We envision three lines of future research. We enforced C&C constraints by integrating C&C checking into query optimization and evaluation. The remaining of this paper is structured as follows. Service call invocations will be tracked and displayed to illustrate query optimization and execution. Section 5 describes the impact of RAM incremental growths on the query execution model. Section 4 addresses optimization issues in this RAM lower bound context. Over all of the queries in our experiments the average optimization time was approximately 1/2 second. Each query was run with an initially empty buffer. 10 modeled conditional probability distributions of various sensor attributes and introduced the notion of conditional plans for query optimization with correlated attributes. Deshpande et al. Moral: AQuery transformations bring substantial performance improvements  , especially when used with cost-based query optimization. The result is consistently faster response times.   , s ,} The problem of parametric query optimization is to find the parametric optimal set of plans and the region of optimality for each parametric optimal plan. Ten years later  , the search landscape has greatly evolved. On the other hand  , in the SQL tradition  , W3QL was a declarative query language that offered opportunities for optimization. First  , our query optimization rules are based on optimizing XPath expressions over SQL/XML and object relational SQL. Our work is unique in the following respects. Furthermore. Sophisticated optimization will be used to separate the original query inlo pieces targeted for individual data sources whose content and order of execution are optimal. Schema knowledge is used to rewrite a query into a more efficient one. In this demo  , we highlight the schema-based optimization SQO on one abstraction level. Next  , we turn our attention to query optimization. We then show how to compile such a program into an execution plan. The module for query optimization and efficient reasoning is under development. The prototype of OntoQuest is implemented with Java 1.4.2 on top of Oracle 9i. For traditional relational databases  , multiplequery optimization 23 seeks to exhaustively find an optimal shared query plan. The problem of sharing the work between multiple queries is not new. We can now formally define the query optimization problem solved in this paper. This assumption is also validated by our experiments Section 7. The second step consists of an optimization and translation phase. Then  , this m%imal Query PCN is build in main memory. Section 2 provides an overview of BP-Mon  , and Section 3 briefly describes the underlying formal model. The size of our indexes is therefore significant  , and query optimization becomes more complex. But within that  , we maintain multiple tables of hundreds of millions of rows each. The existing optimizers  , eg. The approach of simultaneous query optimization will lead to each such plan being generated exactly once for all the queries optimized together. query execution time. For SQO  , we have to consider the trade-off between the cost of optimization and solution quality i.e. No term reweighting or query expansion methods were tried. As last year  , on this occasion we have tried only the threshold optimization. A similar concept is proposed in DeWitt & Gray 92. In addition to syntactic rules  , we may also study the domain-specific rules for inferring new triples using provenance  , temporal or spatial information. Whether or not the query can be unnested depends on the properties of the node-set . This optimization would unnest such a subquery. Several plans are identified and the optimal plan is selected. The basic idea of global planning is the same as query optimization in database management systems. Section 2 formally defines the parametric query optimization problem and provides background material on polytopes. For more sophisticated rules  , cost functions were needed Sma97  to choose among many alternative query plans. Some optimization techniques were designed  , but not all of them were implemented . A related approach is multi-query execution rather than optimization. Such operator sharing is even the cornerstone of the Q-Pipe architecture 14. 4.9  , DJ already maintains the minimal value of all primary keys in its own internal statistics for query optimization. In fact  , as explained in Sect. In Section 2  , we provide some background information on XML query optimization and the XNav operator. Scientific data is commonly represented as a mesh. This model can be exploited for data management and  , in particular  , we will use it for query optimization purposes. Their proposed technique can be independently applied on different parts of the query. 3  , 9  both consider a single optimization technique using one type of schema constraint. sources on sort-merge join "   , and this metalink instance is deemed to have the importance sideway value of 0.8. sources on query optimization is viewing  , learning  , etc. Compiling SQL queries on XML documents presents new challenges for query optimization. And this doesn't even consider the considerable challenges of optimizing XQuery queries! Experiment 3 demonstrates how the valid-range can be used for optimization. These valid ranges can be propagated through the entire query as described in SLR94. This function can be easily integrated in the query optimization algorisms Kobayashi 19811. The second difficulty can be resolved by introducing imaginary tuples. Resolve ties by choosing fragment that has the greater number of queries. Imposing a uniform limit on hot set size over all queries can be suboptimal. One is based on algebraic simplification of a query and compilr tinlc> heuristics. Finally  , consider the two major approaches to qitcry optimization for regular databases. An experienced searcher was recruited to run the interactive query optimization test. In practice  , the test searcher did not face any time constraints. However  , their optimization method is based on Eq. a given query node to Orn time  , thus needing Orn 2  time for all-pairs SimRank. Thirdly  , the relational algebra relies on a simple yet powerful set of mathematical primitives. Figure 4summarizes the query performance for 4 queries of the LUBM. Hence  , it is not surprising that for certain queries no optimization is achieved at all. MIRACLE exploits some techniques used by the OR- ACLE Server for the query optimization a rule-based approach and an statistical approach. 5.3. Section 3 presents our RAM lower bound query execution model. Second  , they provide more optimization opportunities. First  , users can calculate the whole Skycube in one concise and semantic-clear query  , instead of issuing 2 d − 1 skyline queries. To our best knowledge  , the containment of nested XQuery has so far been studied only in 9  , 18  , and 10. We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. Second  , we are interested in evaluating the efficiency of the engine. During the first pass the final output data is requested sorted by time. The mathematical problem formulation is given in Section 3. In the literature  , most researches in distributed database systems have been concentrated on query optimization   , concurrency control  , recovery  , and deadlock handling. Finally  , conclusions appear in Section 5. In Section 6 we briefly survey the prior work that our system builds upon. The query evaluation and optimization strategies are then described in Sections 4 and 5. We also plan to explore issues of post query optimization such as dynamic reconfiguration of execution plan at run time. These are topics of future research. In Section 4  , we give an illustrative example to explain different query evaluation strategies that the model offers. Figure 8depicts this optimization based on the XML document and query in Figure 4. Also we can avoid creating any edges to an existence-checking node. The system returned the top 20 document results for each query. The results of our optimization experiments are shown in Tables 2 and 3. Query-performance predictors are used to evaluate the performance of permutations. The approach is based on applying the Cross Entropy optimization method 13 upon permutations of the list. The compiled query plan is optimized using wellknown relational optimization techniques such as costing functions and histograms of data distributions. As a result  , many runtime checks are avoided. If a DataGuide is to be useful for query formulation and especially optimization  , we must keep it consistent when the source database changes. Ct An important optimization technique is to avoid sorting of subcomponents which are removed afterwards due to duplicate elimination. The arrangement of query modification expressions can be optimized. The other set of approaches is classified as loose coupling. However  , such approaches have not exploited the query optimization techniques existing in the DBMSs. Query optimization is a major issue in federated database systems. A CIM application has been prototyped on top of the system RF'F95. Since the early stages of relational database development   , query optimization has received a lot of at- tention. Section 5 concludes the paper. The translation and optimization proceeds in three steps. Our query optimizer translates user queries written in XQuery into optimized FluX queries. Besides  , in our current setting  , the preference between relevance and freshness is assumed to be only query-dependent. For example  , using Logistic functions can naturally avoid the range constrains over query weights in optimization. These specific technical problems are solved in the rest of the paper. Then we give an overview of how a query is executed; this naturally leads to hub selection and query optimization issues. This is a critical requirement in handling domain knowledge  , which has flexible forms. Second  , a declarative query language such as SQL can insulate the users from the details of data representation and manipulation   , while offering much opportunity in query optimization. We examine only points in partitions that could contain points as good as the best solution. DB2 has separate parsers for SQL and XQuery statements   , but uses a single integrated query compiler for both languages. Histograms of element occurrences  , attribute occurrences  , and their corresponding value occurrences aid in query optimization. Many sources rank the objects in query results according to how well these objects match the original query. These characteristics also impact the optimization of queries over these sources. Additionally it can be used to perform other tasks such as query optimization in a distributed environment. A catalog service in a large distributed system can be used to determine which nodes should receive queries based on query content. The Postgres engine takes advantage of several Periscope/SQ Abstract Data Types ADTs and User-Defined Functions UDFs to execute the query plan. The query is then passed on to Postgres for relational optimization and execution . The optimization of Equation 7 is related to set cover  , but not straightforwardly. shows whether query graph q l has feature fi  , and z jl indicates whether database graph gj is pruned for query graph q l . The Epoq approach to extensible query optimization allows extension of the collection of control strategies that can be used when optimizing a query 14. The control we present here is designed to support thii kind of extensibility. Above results are just examples from the case study findings to illustrate the potential uses of the proposed method. One important aspect of query optimization is to detect and to remove redundant operations  , i.e. It is the task of the query optimizer to produce a reasonable evaluation strategy  161. Lots can be explored using me&data such as concept hierarchies  and discovered knowledge. Knowledge discovery in databases initiates a new frontier for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. At every region knowledge wurces are act ivatad consecutively completing alternative query evaluation plans. The resultant query tree is then given to the relational optimizer  , which generates the execution plan for the execution engine. The query tree is then further optimized through view merging and subquery to join conversion and operator tree optimization. The goal of such investigations is es- tablishing equivalent query constructs which is important for optimization. Formalization cordtl cotlcern utilization of viewers in languages  , for example  , in query operators or programming primitives. Contributions of R-SOX include: 1. Our R-SOX system  , built with Raindrop 4  , 6  , 5 as its query engine kernel  , now can specify runtime schema refinements and perform a variety of runtime SQO strategies for query optimization. Moreover  , translating a temporal query into a non-temporal one makes it more difficult to apply query optimization and indexing techniques particularly suited for temporal XML documents. Even for simple temporal queries  , this approach results in long XQuery programs. There is no other need for cooperation except of the support of the SPARQL protocol. In particular  , M3 uses the statistics to estimate the cardinality of both The third strategy  , denoted M3 in what follows  , is a variant of M2 that employs full quad-based query optimization to reach a suitable physical query plan. More precisely  , we demonstrate features related to query rewriting  , and to memory management for large documents. At query optimization time  , the set of candidate indexes desirable for the query are recorded by augmenting the execution plan. The broad architecture of the solution is shown in Figure 4. Incorporate order in a declarative fashion to a query language using the ASSUMING clause built on SQL 92. Such models can be utilized to facilitate query optimization  , which is also an important topic to be studied. Another exciting direction for future work is to derive analytical models 12 that can accurately estimate the query costs. Originally  , query containment was studied for optimization of relational queries 9  , 33 . Finally  , we note that query containment has also been used in maintenance of integrity constraints 19  , 15  and knowledge-base ver- ification 26. Suppose we can infer that a query subexpression is guaranteed to be symmetric. Thus we can benefit from the proposed query optimization techniques of Section 3 even if we do not have any stored kernels in the database. query optimization has the goal to find the 'best' query execution plan among all possible plans and uses a cost model to compare different plans. Currently  , we support two join implementations: However  , it is important to optimize these tests further using compile-time query optimization techniques. Evaluating the query tests obviously takes time polynomial in the size of the view instance and base update. For optimization  , MXQuery only implements a dozen of essential query rewrite rules such as the elimination of redundant sorts and duplicate elimination. MXQuery does not have a cost-based query optimizer . Since OOAlgebra resembles the relational algebra   , the familiar relational query optimization techniques can be used. For OODAPLEX  , we had developed an algebra  , OOAlgebra   , as the target language for query compilation DAYA89 . SEMCOG also maintains database statistics for query optimization and query reformulation facilitation. The server functions are supported by five modules to augment the underlying database system multimedia manipulation and search capability. The most expensive lists to look at will be the ones dropped because of optimization. Terms with long inverted lists will therefore be examined last since the query terms are sorted by decreasing query weight. Second  , we describe a novel two-stage optimization technique for parameterized query expansion. As we show  , this framework is a generalization and unification of current state-of-the-art concept weighting 6  , 18  , 31 and query expansion 24  , 15 models. Similarly  , we weight the query terms according to whether they are sub-concepts or not. Similarly   , automatic checking tools face a number of semidecidability or undecidability theoretical results. Extended Datalog is a query language enabling query optimization but it does not have the full power of a programming language. After rewriting  , the code generator translates the query graphs into C++ code. In fact  , V represents the query-intent relationships  , i.e. , there is a D-dimensional intents vector for each query. To solve the optimization problem in 6  , we use a matrix V and let V = XA T . The conventional approach to query optimization is to pick a single efficient plan for a query  , based on statistical properties of the data along with other factors such as system conditions. 1 Suppose the following conditions hold for the example: This type of optimization does not require a strong DataGuide and was in fact suggested by NUWC97. For this query and many others  , such a finding guarantees that the query result is empty. In this case we require the optimizer to construct a table of compiled query plans. When query optimization occurs prior to execution  , resource requests must be deferred until runtime. Section 3.3 describes this optimization. In particular  , we may be able to estimate the cost of a query Q for an atomic configuration C by using the cost of the query for a " simpler " configuration C'. The optimizer's task is the translation of the expression generated by the parser into an equivalent expression that is cheaper to evaluate. For example  , V1 may store some tuples that should not contribute to the query  , namely from item nodes lacking mail descendants. Summary-based optimization The rewritten query can be more efficient if it utilizes the knowledge of the structural summary. Work on frameworks for providing cost information and on developing cost models for data sources is  , of course  , highly relevant. UFA98 describes orthogonal work to incorporate cost-based query optimization into query scrambling. Enhanced query optimizers have to take conditional coalescing rules into consideration as well. However restricting attention to this class of rules means not to exploit the full potential of query optimization. In this method  , subqueries and answers are kept in main memory to reduce costs. However  , a clever optimization of interpreted techniques known as query/sub-query has been developped at ECRC Vieille86 . This query is a variant of the query used earlier to measure the performance of a sequence scan. During execution of the SQL query  , the nested SE &UIN expression is evaluated just as any other function would be. Note  , however  , that the problem studied here is not equivalent to that of query containment. For an overview and references  , see the chapters on query optimization in MA831 or UL82. Well-known query optimization strategies CeP84 push selections down to the leaves of a query tree. The first one is about the consequences of these results for data fragmentation. It is important to understand the basic differences between our scenario and a traditional centralized setting which also has query operators characterized by costs and selectivities. In contrast to MBIS the schema is not fixed and does not need to be specified  , but is determined by the underlying data sources. In this paper  , we make a first step to consider all phases of query optimization in RDF repositories. We defined transformation rules on top of the SQGM to provide means for rewriting and simplifying the query formulation. Then  , we will investigate on optimization by using in-memory storage for the hash tables  , in order to decrease the query runtimes. the input threshold. The join over the subject variable will be less expensive and the optimization eventually lead to better query performance. Therefore  , a static optimizer should reverse the triple patterns. A set of cursor options is selected randomly by the query generator. Typically cursors involve different optimization  , execution and locking strategies depending on a variety of userspecified options. To improve the XML query execution speed  , we extract the data of dblp/inproceedings  , and add two more elements: review and comments. No optimization techniques are used. Copyright 2007 VLDB Endowment  , ACM 978-1-59593-649-3/07/09. Reordering the operations in a conventional relational DBMS to an equivalent but more efficient form is a common technique in query optimization. Reordering Boxes. We call this the irrelevant index set optimization. In this case  , the estimated cost for the query is the same as that over a database with no indexes. 19851. In general  , constraints and other such information should flow across the query optimization interfaces. This is more efficient because X is only accessed once. General query optimization is infeasible. Without this restriction  , transducers can be used for example to implement arbitrary iterative deconstructors or Turing machines. for each distinct value combination of all the possible run-time parameters. In principle  , the optimal plan generated by parametric query optimization may be different. Optimization of this query plan presents further difficulties. The DSMS performs only one instance of an operation on a server node with fewer power  , CPU  , and storage constraints. medium-or coarse-grained locking  , limited support for queries  , views  , constraints  , and triggers  , and weak subsets of SQL with limited query optimization. Many provide limited transaction facilities e.g. First  , expressing the " nesting " predicate .. Kim argued that query 2 was in a better form for optimization  , because it allows the optimizer to consider more strategies. The advantages of STAR-based query optimization are detailed in Loh87. In this example  , TableAccess has only two alternative definitions  , while TableScan has only three. Perhaps surprisingly  , transaction rates are not problematic. We used the same computer for all retrieval experiments. Using conditional compilation allows the compiler freedom to produce the most efficient code for each query optimization technique. 33  proposed an optimization strategy for query expansion methods that are based on term similarities such as those computed based on WordNet. al. In this section we evaluate the performance of the DARQ query engine. In this case DARQ has few possibilities to improve performance by optimization. The optimization of the query of Figure 1illustrated this. Inferred secondary orderings or groupings can be used to infer new primary orderings or groupings. Section 7 presents our conclusions  , a comparison with related work  , and some directions for future research. Section 6 compares query optimization strategies  , transformationfree with SA and II. The top layer consists of the optimizer/query compiler component. The knowledge gamed in performance tests can subsequently be built into optimization rules. The solution to this problem also has applications in " traditional " query optimization MA83 ,UL82. Database snapshots are another example of stored  , derived relations ALgO. But  , to our best knowledge  , no commercial RDBMS covers all major aspects of the AP technology. Some RDBMSs have means to associate optimization hints with a query without any modification of the query text. This query is optimized to improve execution; currently  , TinyDB only considers the order of selection predicates during optimization as the existing version does not support joins. The query is input on the user's PC  , or basestation.  For non-recursive data  , DTD-based optimizations can remove all DupElim and hash-based operators. Optimization of query plans using query information improves the performance of all alternatives  , and the addition of DTD-based optimizations improves them further. But  , the choice of right index structures was crucial for efficient query execution over large databases. Since query execution and optimization techniques were far more advanced  , DBAs could no longer rely on a simplistic model of the engine. For the purposes of this example we assume that there is a need to test code changes in the optimization rules framework. The query optimizer makes use of transformation rules which create the search space of query plan alternatives. It is important to point out their connection since semantic query optimization has largely been ignored in view maintenance literature. This is different from  , but related to  , the use of constraints in the area of semantic query optimiza- tion CGM88. The stratum approach does not depend on a particular XQuery engine. The advantage of this approach is that we can exploit the existing techniques in an XQuery engine such as the query optimization and query evaluation. Database queries are optimized based on cost models that calculate costs for query plans. , s ,} The problem of parametric query optimization is to find the parametric optimal set of plans and the region of optimality for each parametric optimal plan. Lack of Strategies for Applying Possibly Overlapping Optimization Techniques. Or for an XQuery that has nested subqueries  , a failed pattern in the inner query should not affect the computations in the outer query discussed more in Section 3.1. The query is interesting because it produces an intermediate result 1676942 facts that is orders of magnitude larger than the final results 888 facts. Note that the query is not optimized consecutively otherwise it is no different from existing techniques. The effect is equivalent to that of optimizing the query using a long optimization time. Learning can also be performed with databases containing noisy data and excep tional cases using database statistics. TTnfortllllat.ely  , query optimization of spatial data is different from that of heterogeneous databases because of the cost function. database systems e.g. , Dayal  , 19841 appears t ,o be ap plicahle to spatial query opt ,imizat.ion. That means the in memory operation account for significant part in the evaluation cost and requires further work for optimization. That effect is more considerable for the first query since that query will use larger memory. This is an open question and may require further research. Although this will eliminate the need for a probe query  , the dynamic nature of the switch operator provides only dynamic statistics which makes further query optimization very difficult. The Periscope/SQ optimizer rewrites this query using the algebraic properties of PiQA and cost estimates for different plans. Optimization is done by evaluating query fimess after each round of mutations and selecting the " most fit " to continue to the next generation. It then modifies queries by randomly adding or deleting query terms. The resulting megaplan is stored for subsequent execution by an extended execution engine. The rule/goal graph approach does not take advantage of existing DBMS optimization. Our aim is to eliminate this limitation by " normalixing " the query to keep only semantic information that is tmessay to evaluate the query. To select query terms  , the document frequencies of terms must be established to compute idf s before signature file access. When one uses the query term selection optimization  , the character-based signature file generates another problem. In the current version of IRO-DB  , the query optimizer applies simple heuristics to detach subqueries that are sent to the participating systems. Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. CPL is implemented on top of an extensible query system called Kleisli2  , which is written entirely in ML 19.  the query optimization problem under the assumption that each call to a conjunctive solver has unit cost and that the only set operation allowed is union. In this case  , one could actually employ the following query plan: Most important is the development of effective and realistic cost functions for inductive query evaluation and their use in query optimization. Nevertheless  , there are many remaining opportunities for further research. We use a popular LDC shingle dataset to perform two optimizations. However  , we believe that the optimization of native SPARQL query engines is  , nevertheless   , an important issue for an efficient query evaluation on the Semantic Web. Clearly  , main memory graph implementations do not scale. Thus  , optimization may reduce the space requirements to Se114 of the nonoptimized case  , where Se1 is the selectivity factor of the query. In addition  , entries need only be made for tuples within the selectivity range of the query. the resulting query plan can be cached and re-used exactly the way conventional query plans are cached. Note that during optimization only the support structures are set up  , i.e. Those benefits are limited  , as in any other software technology  , by theoretical results.  Order-Preserving Degree OPD: This metric is tailored to query optimization and measures how well Comet preserves the ordering of query costs. Over-costing good plans is less of a concern in practice. We continue with another iteration of query optimization and data allocation to see if a better solution can be found. Apers and is optimal  , given the existing query strategies. While we do have some existing solutions  , these are topics that we are currently exploring further. The X-axis shows the number of levels of nesting in each query  , while the Y-axis shows the query execution time. The results with and without the pipelining optimization are shown in Figure 17. As these methods do not pre-compile the queries  , they generate call loops to the DBMS which are rather inefficient. 4  , 5 proposed using statistics on query expressions to facilitate query optimization. 15 only considers numeric attributes and selection on a single relation  , while our method needs to handle arbitrary attributes and multiple relations. This capability is crucial for many different data management tasks such as data modeling   , data integration  , query formulation  , query optimization  , and indexing. We have described GORDIAN  , a novel technique for efficiently identifying all composite keys in a dataset. Likewise query rewrite and optimization is more complex for XML queries than for relational queries. However  , deciding whether a given index is eligible to evaluate a specific query predicate is much harder for XML indexes than for relational indexes. We also briefly discuss how the expand operator can be used in query optimization when there are relations with many duplicates. We pick the Starburst query optimizer PHH92 and mention how and where our transformations can be used. Therefore  , many queries execute selection operations on the base relations before executing other  , more complex operations. In 13   , the query containment problem under functional dependencies and inclusion dependencies is studied. There has also been a lot of work on the use of constraints in query optimization of relational queries 7  , 13  , 25. In 22   , a scheme for utilizing semantic integrity constraints in query optimization  , using a graph theoretic approach  , is presented. Users do not have to possess knowledge about the database semantics  , and the query optimieer takes this knowledge into account to generate Semantic query optimization is another form of automated programming. Thus  , cost functions used by II heavily influence what remote servers i.e. However  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. Compared with database based stores  , native stores greatly reduce the load and update time. The proposed method yielded two major innovations: inclusive query planning  , and query optimization. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS I am grateful to my supervisor Kalervo J~velin  , and to the FIRE group: Heikki Keskustalo  , Jaana Kekiilainen  , and others. We can see that the transformation times for optimized queries increase with query complexity from around 300 ms to 2800ms. shows the time needed for query planning and optimization transformation time. To reduce execution costs we introduced basic query optimization for SPARQL queries. Using service descriptions provides a powerful way to dynamically add and remove endpoints to the query engine in a manner that is completely transparent to the user. In query optimization mode  , BHUNT automatically partitions the data into " normal " data and " exception " data. We focus here on the direct use of discovered constraints by the query optimizer. Relational query optimization  , however  , impacts XQuery semantics and introduces new challenges. SQL Server 2005 also introduces optimizations for document order by eliminating sort operations on ordered sets and document hierarchy  , and query tree rewrites using XML schema information. In their relational test implementation they also consider only selection and join. On the other hand  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. Compared with DBMS based systems Minerva and DLDB  , it greatly reduced the load time. We have generalized the notion of convex sets or version spaces to represent sets of higher dimensions. This includes the grouping specified by the group by clause of the query  , if any exists.  A thread added to lock one of the two involved tables If the data race happens  , the second query will use old value in query cache and return wrong value while not aware of the concurrent insert from another client. Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. Our experiments show that query-log alone is often inadequate  , combining query-logs  , web tables and transitivity in a principled global optimization achieves the best performance. Second  , the query-expansion feature used is in fact often derived from query co-clicks 13   , thus similar to our query log based positive signals. The well-known inherent costs of query optimization are compounded by the fact that a query submitted to the database system is typically optimized afresh  , providing no opportunity to amortize these overheads over prior optimizations . Concurrently  , the query feature vector is stored in the Query Cluster Database  , as a new cluster representative. The inclusive query planning idea is easier to exploit since its outcome  , the representation of the available query tuning space  , can also be exploited in experiments on best-match IR systems. The query optimization operation in the proposed form is restricted to the Boolean IR model since it presumes that the query results are distinct sets. But in parametric query optimization  , we need to handle cost functions in place of costs  , and keep track of multiple plans  , along with their regions of optimality  , for each query/subexpression. In a conventional optimizer we have a single value as the cost for an operation or a plan and a single optimal plan for a query/sub-query expression. At query execution time  , when the actual parameter values are known  , an appropriate plan can be chosen from the set of candidates  , which can be much faster than reoptimizing the query. For each relation in a query  , we record one possible transmission between the relation and the site of every other relation in the query  , and an additional transmission to the query site. This approach recognizes the interdependencies between the data allocation and query optimization problems  , and the characteristics of local optimum solutions. Query compilation produces a single query plan for both relational and XML data accesses  , and the overall query tree is optimized as a whole.  Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. This bug corresponds to mysqld-1 in Table 3  Enable the concurrent_insert=1 to allow concurrent insertion when other query operations to the same table are still pending. The query optimizer shuffles operators around in the query tree to produce a faster execution plan  , which may evaluate different parts of the query plan in any order considered to be correct from the relational viewpoint. As the accuracy of any query optimizer is dependent on the accuracy of its statistics  , for this application we need to accurately estimate both the segment and overall result selectivities. We develop a query optimization framework to allow an optimizer to choose the optimal query plan based on the incoming query and data characteristics. To control the join methods used in the query plans  , each plan was hand-generated and then run using the Starburst query execution driver. Figure 5shows the DAG that results from binary scoring assuming independent predicate scoring for the idf scores of the query in Figure 3. A simple way to implement this optimization is to convert the original query into a binary predicate query  , and build the relaxation DAG from this transformed query. Hence the discussion here outlines techniques that allow us to apply optimizations to more queries. Note that our optimization techniques will never generate an incorrect query — they will either not apply in which case we will generate the naive query or they will apply and will generate a query expected to be more efficient than the naive query. The conventional approach to query optimization is to examine each query in isolation and select the execution plan with the minimal cost based on some predcfincd cost flmction of I0 and CPU requirements to execute the query S&79. One thus needs to consider all query types together. In this section  , we discuss how the methods discussed to up to this point extend to more general situations. If alternative QGM representations are plausible depending upon their estimated cost  , then all such alternative QGMs are passed to Plan Optimization to be evaluated  , joined by a CHOOSE operator which instructs the optimizer to pick the least-cost alternative. QGM Optimization then makes semantic transformations to the QGM  , using a distinct set of sophisticated rewrite rules that transform the QGM query into a " better " one  , i.e. , one that is more efficient and/or allows more more leeway during Plan Optimization . Further  , the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. The optimization prohlem then uses the response time from the queueing model to solve for an improved solution. The Iirst part is the optimization just dcscrihcd which uses an assumed response time for each query type  , and the second part is a queueing model to solve for the rcsponse t.ime based on the access plan selections and buf ?%r allocation from the first part the optimization prohlcm. Yet another important advantage is that the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. As optimizers based on bottom-up Zou97  , HK+97  , JMP97 and top-down Ce96  , Gra96 search strategies are both extensible Lo88  , Gra95 and in addition the most frequently used in commercial DBMSs  , we have concentrated our research on the suitability of these two techniques for parallel query optimization. To overcome the shortcomings of each optimization strategy in combination with certain query types  , also hybrid optimizers have been proposed ON+95  , MB+96. In Tables 8 and 9 we do not see any improvement in preclslon at low recall as the optimization becomes more aggressive. Second  , at high recall  , precision becomes significant y worse as the optimization becomes more aggressive  , This is because we are not considering documents which have a strong combined belief from all of the query terms  , but lack a single query term belief strong enough to place the document in the candidate set. Once we have added appropriate indexes and statistics to our graph-based data model  , optimizing the navigational path expressions that form the basis of our query language does resemble the optimization problem for path expressions in object-oriented database systems  , and even to some extent the join optimization problem in relational systems. Statistics describing the " shape " of a data graph are crucial for determining which methods of graph traversal are optimal for a given query and database. In this paper  , we present a new architecture for query optimization  , based on a blackbonrd xpprowh  , which facilitates-in combination with a building block  , bottom-up arrscrnbling approach and early aqxeasiruc~~l. The search strategy-also proposed for multi query optimization 25-that will be applied in our sample optimizer is a slight modification of A*  , a search technique which  , in its pure form  , guarantaes to find the opt ,irnal solution 'LO. Although catalog management schemes are of great practical importance with respect to the site auton- omy 14  , query optimization 15  , view management l  , authorization mechanism 22   , and data distribution transparency 13  , the performance comparison of various catalog management schemes has received relatively little attention 3  , 181. Using the QGM representation of the query as input  , Plan Optimization then generates and models the cost of alternative plans  , where each plan is a procedural sequence of LOLEPOPs for executing the query. Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. Conventional query optimizers assume that the first part is negligible compared to the second  , and they try to minimize only the execution cost instead of the total query evaluation cost. Some of the issues to consider are: isolation levels repeatable read  , dirty read  , cursor stability  , access path selection table scan  , index scan  , index AND/ORing MHWC90  , Commit_LSN optimization Mohan90b  , locking granularity record  , page  , table  , and high concurrency as a query optimization criterion. While it is sometimes merely a performance advantage to take such an integrated view  , at other times even the correctness of query executions depends on such an approach. The optimization techniques being currently implemented in our system are : the rewriting of the FT 0 words into RT o   , a generalization of query modification in order to minimize the number of transitions appearing in the query PCN  , the transformation of a set of database updates into an optimized one as SellisgS does  , and the " push-up " of the selections. -The optimizer can use the broad body of knowledge developed for the optimization of relational calculus and relational algebra queries see  JaKo85  for a survey and further literature. Therefore defining the semantics of an SQL query by translation into relational algebra and relational calculus opens up new optimization oppor- tunities: -The optimizer can investigate the whole query and is no longer constrained to look at one subquery at a time. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. Let us mathematically formulate the problem of multi-objective optimization in database retrieval and then consider typical sample applications for information systems: Multi-objective Retrieval: Given a database between price  , efficiency and quality of certain products have to be assessed  Personal preferences of users requesting a Web service for a complex task have to be evaluated to select most appropriate services Also in the field of databases and query optimization such optimization problems often occur like in 22 for the choice of query plans given different execution costs and latencies or in 19 for choosing data sources with optimized information quality. The optimization problem can be solved by employing existing optimization techniques  , the computation details of which  , though tedious  , are rather standard and will not be presented here. Note that we can use different feature sets for different query topics by using this method  , but for simplicity  , we didn't try it in this work. It is not our goal in this paper to analyze optimization techniques for on-disk models and  , hence  , we are not going to compare inmemory and on-disk models. Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. In a case where we want half of the participants to be male and half female  , we can adjust weights of the objective optimization function to increase the likelihood that future trial candidates will match the currently underrepresented gender. In this paper we present a general framework to model optimization queries. This makes the framework appropriate for applications and domains where a number of different functions are being optimized or when optimization is being performed over different constrained regions and the exact query parameters are not known in advance. As such  , the framework can be used to measure page access performance associated with using different indexes and index types to answer certain classes of optimization queries  , in order to determine which structures can most effectively answer the optimization query type. However  , if the optimal contour crosses many partitions  , the performance will not be as good. Each query was executed in three ways: i using a relational database to store the Web graph  , ii using the S-Node representation but without optimization  , and iii using S- Node with cluster-based optimization. To generate Figure 12b  , we executed a suite of 30 Web queries over 5 different 20-million page data sets. The purpose of this example is not to define new optimization heuristics or propose new optimization strategies. In this section we give a design for a simple query rewrite system to illustrate the capabilities of the Epoq architecture and  , in particular  , to illustrate the planning-based control that will be presented in Section 5. Formulation A There are 171 separate optimization problems  , each one identical to the traditional  , nonparametric case with a different F vector: VP E  ?r find SO E S s.t. In general  , for every plan function s  , 7 can be partiof parametric query optimization. However  , the discussion of optimization using a functional or text index is beyond the scope of this paper. For an XML input whose structure is opaque  , the user can still use a functional index or a text index to do query optimization. The leftmost point is for pure IPC and the rightmost for pure OptPFD. In fact  , this hybrid index optimization problem motivated the optimization problem underlying the size/speed tradeoff for OptPFD in Figure 2per query in milliseconds  , for a hybrid index involving OptPFD and IPC. In this paper we proposed a general framework for expressing and analyzing approximate predicates  , and we described how to construct alternate query plans that effectively use the approximate predicates. In addition to considering when such views are usable in evaluating a query  , they suggest how to perform this optimization in a cost-based fashion. Therefore  , we need to find a priori which tables in the FROM clause will be replaced by V. Optimization of conjunctive SQL queries using conjunctive views has been studied in CKPS95. The results also shows how our conservative local heuristic sharply reduces the overhead of optimization under varying distributions. The second set of experiments shed light on how the distribution of the user-defined predicates among relations in the query influences the cost of optimization. However   , the materialized views considered by all of the above works are traditional views expressed in SQL. Optimization using materialized views is a popular and useful technique in the context of traditional database query optimization BLT86  , GMS93  , CKPS95  , LMSS95  , SDJL96 which has been successfully applied for optimizing data warehouse queries GHQ95  , HGW + 95  , H R U96  , GM96  , GHRU97. Note that even our recipes that do not exploit this optimization outperform the optimized VTK program and the optimized SQL query. The bars labelled with the 'o' suffix make use of a semantic optimization: We restrict the grid to the relevant region before searching for cells that contain points. Some of the papers on query evaluation mentioned in section 4.2 consider this problem. It is an interesting optimization problem to decide which domains to invert a static optimization and how to best evaluate the qualification given that only some of the domains are inverted. Concerning query optimization  , existing approaches  , such as predicate pushdown U1188 and pullup HS93  , He194  , early and late aggregation c.f. , YL94  , duplicate elimination removal PL94  , and DISTINCT pullup and pushdown  , should be applied to coalescing. In terms of future research  , more work is needed to understand the interplay of coalescing and other temporal operators with respect to queSy optimization and evaluation. Putting these together   , the ADT-method approach is unable to apply optimization techniques that could result in overall performance improvements of approximately two orders of magnitude! Traditional query optimization uses an enumerative search strategy which considers most of the points in the solution space  , but tries to reduce the solution space by applying heuristics. As the solution space gets larger for complex queries  , the search strategy that investigates alternative solutions is critical for the optimization cost. We have chosen not do use dynamic optimization to avoid high overhead of optimization at runtime. one for each resolvent of a late bound function  , and where the total query plan is generated at start-up time of the application program. Our approach exploits knowledge from different areas and customizes these known concepts to the needs of the object-oriented data models. In this way  , after two optimization calls we obtain both the best hypothetical plan when all possible indexes are present and the best " executable " plan that only uses available indexes. For that reason  , we would require a second optimization of the query  , this time using only the existing indexes. We describe our evaluation below  , including the platform on which we ran our experiments  , the test collections and query sets used  , the performance measured. Any evaluation of an unsafe optimization technique requmes measuring the execution speeds of the base and optimized systems  , as well as assessing the impact of the optimization technique on the system's retrieval effectiveness. In the following  , we focus on such an instantiation   , namely we employ as optimization goal the coverage of all query terms by the retrieved expert group. Obviously  , by defining a specific optimization goal  , we get different instantiations of the framework  , which correspond to different problem statements. In this optimization  , we transform the QTree itself. Our ideas are implemented in the DB2 family. We performed experiments to 1 validate our design choices in the physical implementation and 2 to determine whether algebraic optimization techniques could improve performance over more traditional solutions. Since the execution space is the union of the exccution spaces of the equivalent queries  , we can obtain the following simple extension to the optimization al- gorithm: 1. Thus  , the ecectllion space consists of the space of all join trees* for each equivalent query obtainrtl from Step 1 of optimization Section 4. Although this approach is effective in the database domain  , unfortunately  , in knowledge base systems this is not feasible. This is necessary to allow for both extensibility and the leverage of a large body of related earlier work done by the database research community. Such machinery needs to be based on intermediate representations of queries that are syntactically close to XQuery and has to allow for an algebraic approach to query optimization  , with buffering as an optimization target. The second issue  , the optimization of virtual graph patterns inside an IMPRECISE clause  , can be addressed with similarity indexes to cache repeated similarity computations—an issue which we have not addressed so far. The first issue can be addressed with iSPARQL query optimization  , which we investigated in 2 ,22. The goal is to keep the number of records Note that optimizing a query by transforming one boolean qualification into another one is a dynamic optimization that should be done in the user-to- LSL translator. For instance: with 4 levels  , the corresponding SEQUIN query is PROJECT count* FROM PROJECT * FROM PROJECT * FROM 100K~10flds~100dens , S; ZOOM ALL; We disabled the SEQ optimization that merges consecutive scans which would otherwise reduce all these queries to a common form. Besides these works on optimizer architectures  , optimization strategies for both traditional and " nextgeneration " database systems are being developed. The technique provides optimization of arbitrary convex functions  , and does not incur a significant penalty in order to provide this generality. In summary  , navigation profiles offer significant opportunities for optimization of query execution  , regardless of whether the XML view is defined by a standard or by the application. We argue that complex view queries contain many such tradeoffs; balancing them is part of the optimization space explored by ROLEX. This example illustrates the applicability of algebraic query optimization to real scientific computations  , and shows that significant performance improvements can result from optimization. Finally  , the reduction in the number of merge operations from 3 to 2 results in less copying of data  , and thus better performance. However  , this only covers a special case of grouping  , as we will discuss in some detail in Section 3. Parallel optimization is made difficult by the necessary trade-off between optimization cost and quality of the generated plans the latter translates into query execution cost. To copy otherwire  , or to republish  , requires a fee and/or rpecial permirrion from Ihe Endowment. In Section 3  , we show how our query and optimization engine are used in BBQ to answer a number of SQL queries  , 2 Though these initial observations do consume some energy up-front  , we will show that the long-run energy savings obtained from using a model will be much more significant. We discuss this optimization problem in more detail in Section 4. The basic idea behind our approach is similar in spirit to the one proposed by Hammcr5 and KingS for knowledge-based query optimization  , in the sense that we are also looking for optimization by semantic transformation. Finally  , Hammer only supports restricted forms of logically equivalent transformations because his knowledge reprsentation is not suitable for deductive use. Other types of optimizations such as materialized view selection or multi-query optimization are orthogonal to scan-related performance improvements and are not examined in this paper. Exactly this type of optimization lies in the heart of a read-optimized DB design and comprises the focus of this paper. The horizontal optimization specializes the case rules of a typeswitch expression with respect to the possible types of the operand expression. The structural function inlining yields an optimal expression for a given query by means of two kinds of static optimization  , which are horizontal and vertical optimizations. This optimization problem is NP-hard  , which can be proved by a reduction from the Multiway Cut problem 3 . Then the optimization target becomes F = arg max F ∈F lF  , where F is the set of all possible query facet sets that can be generated from L with the strict partitioning constraint. What differentiates MVPP optimization with traditional heuristic query optimization is that in an MVPP several queries can share some After each MVPP is derived  , we have to optimize it by pushing down the select and project operations as far as possible. The relation elimination proposed by Shenoy and Ozsoyoglu SO87 and the elimination of an unnecessary join described by Sun and Yu SY94 are very similar to the one that we use in our transformations. 11 ,12 a lot of research on query optimization in the context of databases and federated information systems. The introduction of an ER schema for the database improves the optimization that can be performed on GraphLog queries for example  , by exploiting functional dependencies as suggested in 25  , This means that the engineer can concentrate on the correct formulation of the query and rely on automatic optimization techniques to make it execute efficiently. For practical reasons we limited the scalability and optimization research to full text information re-trieval IR  , but we intend to extent the facilities to full fledged multimedia support. Distribution and query optimization are the typical database means to achieve this. This gives the opportunity of performing an individual  , " customized " optimization for both streams. The bypass technique fills the gap between the achievements of traditional query optimization and the theoretical potential   , In this technique  , specialized operators are employed that yield the tuples that fulfll the operator's predicate and the tuples that do not on two different  , disjoint output streams. This study has also been motivated by recent results on flexible buffer allocation NFSSl  , FNSSl. Note: ‡ indicates p-value<0.05 compared to MPC These results are consistent with that observed in normal traffic  , confirming the superiority of our TDCM model on relevance modeling. The resulting relevance model significantly outperforms all existing click models. Extensive experiments on our datasets demonstrated that our TDCM model can accurately explain the user behavior in QAC. Based on the assumptions defined above  , in this section we propose a Two-Dimensional Click Model TDCM to explain the observed clicks. The task of the horizontal model H Model is to estimate the distribution of H: P H. In this section  , we conduct a series of experiments to validate our major claims on the TDCM model. Finally we discuss some interesting insights about the user behavior on both platforms. It consists of a horizontal model  , which explains the skipping behavior  , and a vertical model that depicts the vertical examination behavior. TDCM 15 : This is a two-dimensional click model which emphasizes two kinds of user behaviors. This is a content-aware model  , which is able to predict unobserved prefix-query pairs. For example  , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. As the first click model for QAC  , our TDCM model could be extended in several ways in the future. The user interacts with the QAC engine horizontally and vertically according to the H  , D and R models. Figure 2is a flowchart of user interactions under the TDCM model. This click model is consisted of a horizontal model H Model that explains the skipping behavior  , a vertical model D Model that depicts the vertical examination behavior  , and a relevance model R Model that measures the intrinsic relevance between the prefix and a suggested query. On the other hand  , our TDCM model achieves significant better results on both platforms. We also note that BSS is not consistent on these two platforms: for example  , it doesn't work well in the iPhone 5 dataset 0.510 on MRR@All on 0.537 on MRR@Last by BSS-last. and optimized weighted Pearson correlation. We followed Chapelle et al. And the most common similarity measure used is the Pearson correlation coefficient So far  , several different similarity measures have been used  , such as Pearson correlation  , Spearman correlation  , and vector similarity. Our Matlab implementation of Pearson correlation had similar performance to Breese's at 300ms per rec. For comparison  , Breese reported a computing time to generate ratings for one user using Pearson correlation of about 300ms on a PII- 266 MHz machine. To compute the Pearson correlation we need to compute the variances and the covariance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ and M . Thus  , in practice we look for a subset that maximizes the Pearson correlation betweenˆMΦ betweenˆ betweenˆMΦ and M . The result obtained is presented in Table 4. We calculated Pearson correlation by using SPSS software. The p-value confirms the statistically significance of the high Pearson correlation when the lead time is less than 2 weeks. Overall  , social media-based methods i.e. , LinARX  , LogARX  , MultiLinReg  , and SimpleLinReg typically achieves high Pearson correlation i.e. , between 0.6-0.95 with small lead time less than 2 weeks  , but the Pearson correlation decreases all the way below 0 while lead time increases to 20. Correlations were measured using the Pearson's correlation coefficient. To quantify the correlation with established query level metrics  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient between DSAT correlation and: i average clickthrough rate  , ii average NDCG@1  , and iii average NDCG@3. The Spearman's rank correlation coefficient is calculated using the Pearson correlation coefficient between the ranked variables. Therefore  , it seems appropriate to use Spearman's rank correlation coefficient 11 to measure the correlation between weighted citations and renewal stage. The most widely used measure in information retrieval research is neither Pearson nor Spearman correlation  , however  , but rather Kendall's τ 4. Given two ranked lists of items  , the Spearman correlation coefficient 11 is defined as the Pearson correlation coefficient between the ranks i.e. , with the ranks used in place of scores. A similarly strong correlation was reported by 2. We found that the two metrics are slightly correlated Pearson r = 0.3584. The most popular variants are the Pearson correlation or cosine measure. and their calculation distinguishes the basic CF approaches. The code for EM and Pearson correlation was written in Matlab. Generating all recommendations for one user took 60 milliseconds. It corresponds to the cosine of deviations from the mean: The first one proposed in 2 is pearson correlation. Figure 2contains the Pearson correlation matrices for several quantitative biographical items. Students and professionals were treated separately.   , denotes the Pearson correlation of user and user . , denotes the set of common items rated by both and . We expect  , the Kendall rank correlation coefficient see 30  , another much used rank correlation  , to have similar problems in dealing with distributions. The Pearson correlation coefficient suffers the same weakness 29 . The Mean and STD are the average and the standard deviation of the Pearson correlation value calculated from the five trials. The Pearson correlations of the predicted voice quality and human-annotated voice quality are illustrated in Table  3. The Pearson score is defined as follows: In particular  , we quantify behavioral agreement using the Pearson correlation score between the ratings of two users  , and we compare this between users with positive and negative links. Table 2shows the Spearman correlation coefficient ρ and the Pearson correlation values for each of the distances with the AP. Thus  , four distances and their correlation with AP were evaluated. 1 Correlation Between Objective functions and Parame­ ters: The correlation between the parameters and objectives is assessed by computing the Pearson correlation coefficient R as a summary statistic. It The correlation between Qrels-based measures and Trelsbased measures is extremely high. The correlation between the two measures was evaluated using the Pearson correlation coefficient and Kendall's−τ 4 . The 2-fold procedure enables to have enough queries ~55 in both the train and test sets so as to compute Pearson correlation in a robust manner. Prediction quality measured using Pearson correlation serves as the optimization criterion in the learning phase. Our method outperforms these methods in all configurations. Table 4presents our experimental results  , as well as the four best methods according to their experiments   , i.e. , cluster-based Pearson Correlation Coefficient SCBPCC 19  , the Aspect Model AM 7  , 'Personality Diagnosis' PD 12  and the user-based Pearson Correlation Coefficient PCC 1. The Pearson correlation is 0.463  , which shows a strong dependency between the median AP scores of a topic on both collections. To test whether the relative difficulty of the topics is preserved over the two document sets  , we computed the Pearson correlation between the median AP scores of the 50 difficult topics as measured over the two datasets. Also remember that the training period is 2011-2012 while the rest two seasons are both for testing. The results are listed in Table 4and 5  , together with the results for the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method without using any weighting scheme. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. Computational epidemiologybased methods i.e. , SEIR and EpiFast  , on the other hand  , performs not as well as social media-based methods with small lead time  , but the Pearson correlation does not drop significantly when lead time increases. For example  , SEIR still can achieve a Pearson correlation around 0.6 while the lead time is 20 weeks. On the other hand  , Item is based on content similarity as measured by Pearson's correlation coefficient proposed in 1. Pearson and Cosine are based on user similarity as measured by Pearson's correlation coefficient and cosine similarity  , respectively. However  , when high spatial autocorrelation occurs  , traditional metrics of correlation such as Pearson require independent observations and cannot thus be directly applied. We need to compute the correlation between the smell vectors and the air quality vectors. The similarity between users based on the user-class matrix can still be measured by computing Pearson correlation. So we adopt a weighting method: We use the formula to get the Pearson correlation between the two data sets  , Document-level TRDR performance scores are computed for each question and for both methods. We applied the Ebiquity score as the only feature for coreness classification . The Pearson correlation of Ebiquity score with coreness was observed to be 0.67. In contrast to the reader counts  , we found no correlation between the citation counts and contribution Pearson r = 0.0871. 1a and 1 d. The learning rate and hyperparameters of factor models are searched on the first training data. user-based and itembased methods  , using the Pearson correlation to measure the similarity. Proposition 1 defines a ρ-correlated pseudo AP predictor; that is  , a predictor with a ρ prediction quality i.e. , Pearson correlation with true AP. Similar results are observed for the TREC-8 test collection. Similarly  , the average improvement in Pearson correlation rises from 7% to 14% on average. Suppose that there are N configurations a configuration is a query and an ordered set of results. There is a significant correlation 0.55 between the number of judged and number of found relevant documents  , which is not unexpected. Moreover   , there is no significant correlation between B and the number of relevant documents Pearson r = 0.059. Results showed that there was a high correlation among subjects' responses to the items Table 6. Pearson product-moment correlation coefficients were first computed to assess the relationships among the four initial query evaluation items. It varies from -1 to 1 and the larger the value  , the stronger the positive correlation between them. Pearson correlation is the covariance of the predicted and label data points divided by the product of their standard deviations. Following the method described by Sagi and Gal 32  , correlation of matrix level predictors is measured using the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient Pearsons's r . The measure value is given by the following equation: From a correlation perspective  , the similarity wij is basically the unnormalized Pearson correlation coefficient 7 between nodes i and j. It is the length of the projection of one vector onto the other unit vector. Pearson and Kendall-τ correlation are used to measure the correlation of a query subset vectorˆMΦvectorˆ vectorˆMΦ  , and corresponding vector M   , calculated using the full set of 249 queries. The retrieval evaluation metric is AP . All correlations with an absolute value larger than 0.164 are statistically significant at p < 0.05. The p − value expresses the probability of obtaining the computed correlation coefficient value by chance. To determine the statistical significance of the Pearson correlation coefficient r  , the p − value has been used in this work. Because of the formulation  , Spearman rank correlation coefficients are unsuitable for comparisons between distributions with highly unequal scales  , such as the case for comparing classes set cardinality 2 and continuous features. Thus  , the smaller the p-value  , the Pearson correlation is more statistically significant. The pvalue denotes how likely the hypothesis of no correlation between the predicted and label data points is true. The CCF between two time series describes the normalized cross covariance and can be computed as: A common measure for the correlation is the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient. The Spearman correlation coefficients are very similar  , and thus are omitted. The Pearson correlation coefficients between each feature and popularity for authors in each experience group are shown in Table 3. Overall  , we find that there is only a weak correlation 0.157 between snippet viewing time and relevance. To verify our findings  , we pool viewing time and relevance labels from all queries  , and compute Pearson correlation between them. The same correlation using the features described in 19  was only 0.138. The Pearson correlation between the actual average precision to the predicted average precision using JSD distances was 0.362. Explicitly  , we derive theoretical properties for the model of mining substitution rules. Moreover  , the Pearson product moment correlation coefficient 8  , 1 I  is utilized to measure the correlation between two itemsets. The values for Pearson correlation are listed in a similar table in the appendix Table 5. Correlations that are significant at 0.99 are indicated with *. Coefficients greater than ±0.5 with statistical significant level < 0.05 are marked with a * . Table 5: Pearson correlation coefficients between each pair of features. We define the following well-known similarity measures: the cosine similarity and Pearson correlation coefficient. Let a and b be two vectors of n elements. 3 We conduct experiments on two real datasets to demonstrate SoCo's performance. A contextaware Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. The Pearson R coefficient of correlation is 0.884  , which is significant at the 0.05 level two-tailed. Also shown is the line of best least-squares fit. As shown in Table 1  , the ranking of the engines is nearly identical for each directory  , having a .93 Pearson correlation. These had 68 pairs in common. Each element in vector xi represents a metric value. So far  , several different similarity measures have been used  , such as Pearson correlation  , Spearman correlation  , and vector similarity. In this approach  , the first step is computing the similarities between the source user and other users. The above result shows large correlation of the predicted voice quality and human annotated voice quality. All these ways to calculate the similarity or correlation between users are based solely on the ratings of the users. Through extensive simulation  , Section 3 contrasts some behaviors of ρ r with those of rank-based correlation coefficients. Section 2 introduces Pearson Rank ρ r   , our novel correlation coefficient  , and shows that it has several desirable properties. Kendall's τ evaluates the correlation of two lists of items by counting their concordant and discordant pairs. As shown  , topic-based metrics have correlation with the number of bugs at different levels. As in 10   , we used two kinds of correlations: Pearson and Spearman. Similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation between their rating vectors. It can be summarized in the following steps: 1. For our dataset we used clicks collected during a three-month period in 2012. The vectors of these metric values are then used to compute Pearson correlation unweighted. Table 1presents the results. We used the Pearson product-moment correlation since the expert averages represent interval data  , ranging from 1 to 7. The Memory-based approaches have two problem. The popular user-user similarity measures are Pearson Correlation Coefficient 4  , 5  and the vector sim- ilarity 3. This indicates that a significant portion of the queries in these categories is often ranked similarly by frequency. Some categories have a high Pearson correlation. Participants were not encouraged to apply duplicate elimination to their runs. Further we conducted the same experiment with two slices removed at a time. We then calculate the mean of its column-wise Pearson correlation coefficients with Y . The reasons are two-folded. is a Pearson correlation between the ranks of the active user and the user i concerning objects in X ai . For We can make the following observations. This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their rating vectors. Weight all users with respect to similarity to the active user. The cosine similarity is defined as follows: We define the following well-known similarity measures: the cosine similarity and Pearson correlation coefficient. We compute the similarity among users using Pearson correlation 16 between their ratings. Also the social actions influenced by transitivity  , selection and unknown external effects may overlap. We find minimal correlation  , with a Pearson coefficient of 0.07. To determine if this is a significant effect  , we correlate the first infection duration with reinfection . Since the surveys  , there have been a few papers which gave comparable or better results than Pearson correlation on some datasets. We used it in our comparison experiments. We also note that the method for personality prediction using text reports a Pearson correlation of r => .3 for all five traits. 2001. To evaluate the quality of rewrites  , we consider two methods. Our baseline was a query rewriting technique based on the Pearson correlation. With the computed weights  , the similarity in PCC method is computed as: In our experiments  , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. It is easy to see that APS r with r in the 0.3 to 0.35 range has the highest Pearson correlation coefficient when compared to human subjects. Results. In our experiment  , we measured the association between two measured quantities remembering scores and the proposed catalyst features  , i.e. , temporal similarity and location-based similarity using different correlation metrics: Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient  , Spearman's rank correlation coefficient  , and Kendall tau rank correlation coefficient. Metrics. As the request frequency follows a heavily skewed distribution  , we group the requests according to their frequencies in the past and compute the Pearson correlation coecient for each group respectively. Table 1 shows the Pearson correlation coecient between the frequency of the physical image requests in the past the training period of the experiments reported in Section 4.2 and the frequency of the same physical image requests in the future the testing period of the experiments . Since it was not possible to show all the predictors in this paper  , we have chosen to include only those achieving a Pearson coefficient higher than 0.19. Tables 1 and 2 show the correlation coefficients in terms of K. Tau  , SP. Rho and Pearson for a subset of predictors . Table IIIpresents the significant R coefficients between the parameters and each objective  , as well as the corresponding p-values p for the statistical significance of the association. However  , between fo and foe R = 0.0758 objectives we verify a very low correlation  , that indicates there is no relationship between these objectives. In the calculated Pearson correlation coefficients R between the objectives  , we verify a strong positive correlation between iF and fo objectives R = 0.6431 and between fF and foe objectives R = 0.6709. Hence  , which is the Pearson product-moment correlation of Q and d. In other words  , the vector space computation is used because it approximates the correlation computation when the vectors are sparse enough. These results give a set of clusters of measures that have high correlation across a simulated document collection. From Table 1  , we observe that there is low correlation of each of these attributes to conversations with high interestingness. We consider correlation using the Pearson correlation coefficient between interestingness averaged over 15 weeks and number of views  , number of favorites  , ratings  , number of linked sites  , time elapsed since video upload and video duration which are media attributes associated with YouTube videos. We found that for pairs of non-ClueWeb settings  , excluding AP  , the correlation was at least 0.5; however  , the correlation with AP was much smaller. Finally  , we computed the Pearson correlation of the learned λ l 's values averaged over the train folds and cluster sizes between experimental settings. Entry level prediction evaluation is performed by calculating the Goodman and Kruskal's gamma GK-Gamma for short correlation. The correlation could be for instance calculated by similarity measures like Pearson Correlation or Cosine Similarity  , which are often used in the field of Recommender Systems. That means  , the weight of an edge between two objects X is equal to the correlation of these objects. Empirical results show that BBC-Press outperforms other potential alternatives by a large margin and gives good results on a variety of problems involving low to very highdimensional feature spaces. The extension of BBC to Pearson Correlation Pearson Distance makes it applicable to a variety of biological datasets where finding small  , dense clusters is criti- cal. However  , the activity signatures do give a more granular picture of the work style of different workers. The Pearson correlation between the number of active seconds and the total number of seconds for these workers was 0.88 see Figure 7 . Before training any of the models  , we compute the Pearson correlation coefficient between each pair of project features Table 5. However  , the accuracy ACC still remains as high as 82%. The pairwise similarity matrix wui  , uj  between users is typically computed offline. Common " similarity " measures include the Pearson correlation coefficient 19  and the cosine similarity 3 between ratings vectors. We observe that the target item is relevant to some classes. We then use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise user similarity information. To this end  , we matricize X in Mode 1 to generate matrix X 1 ∈ R u×lat . We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise activity similarity information. We matricize X in Mode 3 to generate matrix X 3 ∈ R a×ult . Instead of employing all available social information   , we select friends who share similar tastes with the target user by investigating their past ratings. They did not evaluate their method in terms of similarities among named entities. Their experiments reported a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.8914 on the Miller and Charles 24 benchmark dataset. And the most common similarity measure used is the Pearson correlation coefficient It measures the similarity between users based on their normalized ratings on the common set of items co-rated by them. Pearson Correlation Coefficient PCC is defined as the basis for the weights 4. To identify similarities among the researchers  , we used the cosine similarity  , the Pearson correlation similarity  , and the Euclidean distance similarity. We compared researchers with similar interests in terms of their PVRs. It is striking that B is orders of magnitude larger than the number of known relevant documents. Predictions for Eachmovie took 7 milliseconds to generate approximately 1600 ratings for one user. The Pearson correlation coefficient is used as a similarity measure for OTI evaluations. These scores are determined according to the Optimal Transposition Index OTI method 4  , which ensures a higher robustness to musical variations. This implementation does not include possible improvements such as inverse user frequency or case amplification 15 . In addition  , we have implemented a standard memorybased method which computes similarities between user profiles based on the Pearson correlation coefficient. In this section we introduce and discuss the results we obtained during the evaluation of the above mentioned predictors . Table 3 gives the mean over the 50 trials of the Pearson correlation between the per-topic estimate and goldstandard values of R  , the number of relevant documents. Pool25 2strata Figure 1: Estimates of R on the TREC-8 collection. There are various visual distance measures and we arbitrarily use the Pearson correlation distance in these experiments. We generate the top k similar images of an image by computing the distance of visual feature vectors. The average Pearson correlation between the four coders across the 1050 labels was 0.8723. All coders labeled 1050 images 510 saliency condition  , 540 playback condition in the same order. MSE stands for the mean value of the squared errors between all the predicted data points and corresponding label points. We begin by evaluating how accurately we can infer progression stages. We then compute the correspondence between ground-truth stage s * e and the learned stagê se using two standard metrics: Kendall's τ and the Pearson correlation coefficient. Common similarity metrics used include Pearson correlation 21  , mean squared difference 24  , and vector similarity 5. In GroupLens  , for example  , users were asked to rate Usenet news articles on a scale from 1 very bad to 5 very good. There are two main problems with using the Spearman correlation coefficient for the present work. This measure is best suited to comparing rankings with few or no ties  , and its value corresponds to a Pearson ρ coefficient 24. adjusted Pearson correlation method as a friendship measure. To add more credit to the friends who share common ratings with the target peer  , we use an Copyright is held by the author/owners. The left side shows one of the random split experiments from Table 6with a Pearson correlation of >0.6. In Figure 2  , we show two examples of ranking modules both by estimated and actual number of post-release defects. Classification using this feature alone also yielded an accuracy of 59% as opposed to COGENT's much lower 37%. This feature had a Pearson correlation of 0.56 with coreness  , considerably higher than COGENT's 0.3. The next step in the indexing method is dedicated to comparing audio representations  , which is performed using string matching techniques. As a similarity measure  , the commonly used Pearson correlation coefficient is chosen. Overlap  , distinct overlap  , and the Pearson correlation of query frequencies for Personal Finance and Music are shown in Figure 10and Figure 11. In order to examine this  , we return to the overlap measures used in Section 3. To overcome this problem  , we used a statistical method introduced by Clifford et al. Model-based rating-oriented CF learns a model based on the observed ratings to make rating predictions. The commonly used similarity metrics are Pearson correlation coefficient 5 and cosine similarity 1. In our study  , we choose cosine similarity due to its simplicity. To compute the similarity weights w i ,k between users ui and u k   , several similarity measures can be adopted  , e.g. , cosine similarity and Pearson correlation. For memory-based methods such as Pearson correlation or personality diagnosis PD  , sparse FA is much faster per recommendation 50 times typical. The improvements increased with the sparseness of the dataset  , as expected because sparse FA correctly handles sparseness. It also and provides typical compression of the dataset of 10-100 times over memory-based methods. Overall  , Pearson correlation coefficient between Eye-tracking and ViewSer groups computed for each individual result was 0.64  , which indicates substantial cor- relation. On average we have observed slightly higher COV values in ViewSer data in comparison to Eye-tracking. Pearson correlation coefficients were interpreted according to the widely accepted rule-of-thumb. The cases where the difference is significant are marked with an asterisk sign in Table 2. The Pearson correlation between the elements of M and MΦ is However  , we use Kendall-τ as our final evaluation measure for comparing the rankings of systems produced by full set and a subset of queries. Kendall-τ penalizes disordering of high-performance and low-performance system pairs equally. As in previous work 4  , 10   , we use Kendall-τ and Pearson coefficient as the correlation metrics. As per Table 2  , our automatic evaluation MRR1 scores have a moderately strong positive Pearson correlation of .71 to our manual evaluation. an acronym expandable to multiple equally-likely phrases. result abstracts at lower ranks. Intuitively  , when the result ranking is poor  , the users are expected to spend more time reading Table 2: Pearson correlation between viewing time and whole page relevance. Figure 1plots the computed weight distribution for the MovieRating dataset given 100 training users. To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method  , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. Clearly  , the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method using our weighting scheme referred as 'PCC+' outperforms the other three methods in all configurations. Table 6summarizes the results for these three methods. If we only consider changes to the author field values range between 1.5% like before and 13.9% Databases  , Information Theory . The Pearson correlation between coverage of a sub-field and percentage of triggered changes is 0.252. The repeatability and reliability of the measurements were evaluated by using Pearson correlation coefficient. The measurements were supervised by GL one of the authors who is an experienced scoliosis surgeon at National University Hospital  , Singapore. We conducted experiments to compare the performance of Simrank  , evidence-based Simrank and weighted Simrank as techniques for query rewriting. For each user  , we compute the weighted average of the top N similar users to predict the missing values. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise location similarity information. We matricize X in Mode 2 to generate matrix X 2 ∈ R l×uat . For each activity  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar activities to predict the missing values. For each configuration in our dataset we computed the values of absolute online and o✏ine metrics. For the quality evaluation function  , we use the Pearson Correlation Coefficient ρ as the metric measuring the distance between the human annotated voice quality score and the predicted voice quality. For two variables X and Y   , ρ is calculated as However  , we use Kendall-τ as our final evaluation measure for comparing the rankings of systems produced by full set and a subset of queries. As in 13  , we choose Pearson correlation as it is amenable to mathematical optimization. This Simple Pearson Predictor SPP is the most commouly used technique due to its simplicity. The matrix of weights among all users or movies is the user movie correlation matrix. The Pearson correlation between Soft Cardinality scores and coreness annotations was 0.71. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. The slice held out is then mapped to the 3-D latent space with mapping matrix and appended to the learned embeddings of the other slices. We find this measure is highly correlated with the party slant measurement with Pearson correlation r = 0.958 and p < 10 −5 . Our ideological slant measurements are also summarized in Table 2. Similar patterns can be observed using Root Mean Squared Error RMSE and are omitted for brevity. Results  , measured using Pearson correlation over the 10 folds and both data sets are presented in Table 2a. Figure 2: Synonyms are characterised by a large item similarity and a negative user similarity. The item similarity between two tags SI tq  , ts is derived by computing the Pearson correlation between the two profiles as follows: The item similarity between two tags SI tq  , ts is derived by computing the Pearson correlation between the two profiles as follows: similarity between two tags based on user or item overlap. This matrix captures which pairs of patterns are collaborative and which are competitive in the context of their domain. Tab.2  , B represents the Pearson correlation matrix of the pairs of the five domain features over the small dataset. The Pearson correlation between the actual aspect coverage and the predicted aspect coverage using JSD distances was 0.397. In this experiment  , leave-one-out was used for training 3. The intra-observer coefficients were 0.95 ± 0.04 and 0.93 ± 0.05 for expert-1 and expert-2 respectively. According to the above discussion  , we summarize the parameters that correlate with arousal in Table 2  , where Pearson correlation was computed between parameter values and the perceived arousal scale. This suggests that head-up-down correlates with arousal. Relevance and redundancy were measured by Pearson Correlation Coefficients. Knijnenburg 19 presented a cluster-based approach where variables are first hierarchically complete linkage clustered and then from each cluster the most relevant feature is selected. We calculated the Pearson correlation coefficient for the different evaluation metrics. An offline evaluation was not conducted because it had not been able to calculate any differences based on trigger. In the experiment  , four metrics are adopted  , namely mean squared error MSE  , Pearson correlation  , p-value  , and peak time error. Possible choices for s ij are the absolute value of the Pearson correlation coefficient  , or an inverse of the squared error. Essentially  , these modifications inject item-item relationships into the user-user model. Figure 6 compares the emotion prediction results on the testing set. In fact  , according to the manual annotation study of SemEval  , the average inter-annotator agreement measured by Pearson correlation measure is only 53.67%. They proposed a similarity measure that uses shortest path length  , depth and local density in a taxonomy. Therefore  , Miller-Charles ratings can be considered as a reliable benchmark for evaluating semantic similarity measures. Although Miller-Charles experiment was carried out 25 years later than Rubenstein- Goodenough's  , two sets of ratings are highly correlated pearson correlation coefficient=0.97. However  , most existing social recommendation models largely ignore contexts when measuring similarity between two users. This work also compared the performance of different similarity measures  , i.e. , Vector Space Similarity and Pearson Correlation Coefficient. We perform Pearson and Spearman correlations to indicate their sensitivity. A high positive correlation coefficient indicates that with an increase in the actual defect density there is a corresponding positive increase in the estimated defect density. This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their term weight vectors unlike the rating vectors described in Section 3.2.1. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise time similarity information. We matricize X in Mode 4 to generate matrix X 4 ∈ R t×ula . 7 tell us the magnitude of the synchronization between synchronous development and communication activities of pairwise developers  , but they don't specify if thesynchronization is significant statistically. The values of the Pearson correlation coefficients as calculated by Eq. gives the correlation between the different coverage types and the normalized effectiveness measurement. We used it instead of the Pearson coefficient to avoid introducing unnecessary assumptions about the distribution of the data. In the memorybased systems 9 we calculate the similarity between all users  , based on their ratings of items using some heuristic measure such as the cosine similarity or the Pearson correlation score. memory-based and model-based. A popular similarity measure is the Pearson correlation coefficient 5. The similarity between two users is calculated based on their rating scores on the set of commonly rated items. The variance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ is due to two sources  , the variance across systems and the variance due to the measurement noise. As a final method of evaluating our methodology  , we turned to manual evaluations. We compared the in-memory vector search with the inverse model using the basic Pearson correlation. In the case where there were many profiles of the same size  , we used the mean time of profiles of that size. This methods is called " Baseline " in Tables 1 and 2. Personality diagnosis achieves an 11% improvement over baseline. Note that Pearson correlation  , the most accurate reported scheme on Eachmovie from Breese's survey  , achieves about a 9% improvement in MAE over non-personalized recommendations based on per-item average. Therefore sparse FA can be often used on larger datasets than is practical with those methods. This will often be important because sparse FA is orders of magnitude faster than Pearson correlation or PD on large datasets. First we identify the N most similar users in the database. For each user u  , let wa ,u be the Pearson-Correlation between user a and user u. In our experiments  , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. Finally  , to predict the ratings for the test user  , we will simply add the weights to the standard memory-based approach. The resulting similarity using corrected vectors is known as the Pearson correlation between users  , as follows. Therefore  , a popular correction is to subtract ¯ Ru from each vector component 6  , 4  , 2. These approaches focused on utilizing the existing rating of a training user as the features. Notable examples include the Pearson-Correlation based approach 16  , the vector similarity based approach 4  , and the extended generalized vector-space model 20. However  , their method uses thousands of features extracted from hundreds of posts per person. 7 If we consider all changes it ranges from 1.2% Robotics Control and Automation to 7.8% Computational Biology . The objects are sorted in ascending order of estimated preferences  , and highly ranked objects are recommended . If the friendship measure is larger than the threshold  , the friend ID with its rating information is sent back to the target peer. For each project-investor pair  , we predict whether the investor supports the project prediction is 1 or not prediction is 0. We further investigate the results of our model and Model-U. In terms of Pearson correlation  , the improvement over the baseline is even larger  , as the stages learned by the baseline are negatively correlated with the true stages. Pearson correlation coefficient says how similar two users are considering their ratings of items. We use this value to predict user's interest in a page which he has not yet visited but which other users have. In our particular case this rating is represented by behavior of users on every page they both visit. For each location  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar locations to predict the missing values. For each time slot  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar time slots to predict the missing values. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the semantic similarity score provided by the Ebiquity web service. Pearson Correlation Coefficient between user u and v is: It measures the similarity between users based on their normalized ratings on the common set of items co-rated by them. Model-based approaches group different training users into a small number of classes based on their rating patterns. This category includes the Pearson-correlation coefficient approach 2 and the vector space similarity approach 1. The proof is quite straightforward and is ommitted due to space considerations. The testing procedures for correlated rs and partial rs are discussed in Hotelling 1940 and The Pearson product moment correlation was used to measure the relations among the SRDs  , since they are all measured continuously. We repeated published experiments on a well-known dataset. To provide better comparability with earlier results  , we re-implemented Pearson correlation which had been used in the two survey papers. In this section  , we investigate how subjects' initial evaluations varied according to information problem type and query length RQ2. Recall that we had 4 experts for The Simpsons and 3 for all other topics. treat the portions of each of the five popularity patterns within a certain domain as its five features. This effect can be explained by the low number of training queries relative to the number of features in the latter case. Statistically significant differences of prediction quality are determined using the two-tailed paired t-test computed over the folds using a 95% confidence level. where w i ,k is the similarity weight between users ui and u k . To analyze this  , we measured the Pearson correlation between the displayed popularity of a tag and the likelihood of a user to adopt the tag. We also wondered whether users from one culture were more likely to choose popular tags. More specifically  , We calculate three similarity weights based on the users playcount  , users tag and users friendships respectively using the Pearson correlation coefficient and then use their weighted sum in place of wa ,u in equation 3. Since this technique focuses on predicting each user's rating on an unrated item  , we refer to it as pointwise CF. This subsection presents the data preparation  , label set and performance metrics. Figure 4: ILI visits percentage forecasting performance on the Pearson correlation and p-value for VA and CT in 3 seasons Figure 4: ILI visits percentage forecasting performance on the Pearson correlation and p-value for VA and CT in 3 seasons Substantial information about Twitter data and the demographics for the five regions are shown in Table I. Frequently  , it is based on the Pearson correlation coefficient. Central to most item-oriented approaches is a similarity measure between items  , where s ij denotes the similarity of i and j. For each o✏ine metric m and each value of #unjudged from 1 to 9 we compute the weighted Pearson correlation similar to 10  between the metric signal and the interleaving signal. Below  , we vary this bound and see how it influences the correlation between o✏ine metrics and interleaving. To compare ranking quality  , we also computed nDCG for the best-scoring related approach ESA  , where it reaches 0.845: as Figure 4shows  , our approach scores also beats that number significantly. While ESA achieves a rather low Pearson correlation and SSA comparably low Spearman correlation  , our approach beats them in both categories. This example illustrates the need for a new correlation coefficient that is at the same time head weighted and sensitive to both swapped and unswapped gaps. Note that this automatic method for evaluation contrasts with the small-scale manual evaluation described in 12. The Pearson correlation score derived from this formula is .538 which shows reasonably high correlation between the manual and automatic performance scores and  , as a result  , justifies the use of automatic evaluation when manual evaluation is too expensive e.g. , on tens of thousands of questiondocument pairs. These results point to a fundamentally weak association between a sentence's COGENT score and its expert-assigned coreness  , supporting the first of the two above possibilities. COGENT score showed a Pearson correlation of only 0.3 with coreness labels in this data set whereas the most predictive single feature in our feature set character ngram overlap  , Section 5.1 had a correlation of 0.77. Interestingly  , while we observed a correlation between the averaged contribution and citation counts  , there seems to be no such relation between averaged contribution and reader counts Figures 1b and 1 h. As in the previous case  , there is no correlation between the contribution measure and reader counts  , which is confirmed by Pearson r = 0.0444. Looking just at the results turned in by the active participants in the task i.e. , setting aside the results of the Ad Hoc Pool  , we obtain a Pearson productmoment correlation coefficient of 0.927 with a 95% confidence interval of 0.577  , 0.989. The impression is borne out by correlation measures. Length Longer requests are significantly correlated with success. This lack of relationship between sentiment and success may be a masking effect  , due to the correlation between positive sentiment and other variables like reciprocity Pearson correlation coefficient r = .08 and word length r = .10. where X and Y are the vectors of ranked lists; E is the expectation ; σ is the standard deviation; and µ is the mean 6. Unlike what we did for thresholded and thresholded condensed  , for the simple and condensed variants we only use the test Figure 5: Pearson correlation between uUBM in di↵erent variants and interleaving signal . In order to test significance of the di↵erences in correlation values we used the 5/5 split procedure described above. Plotting the singular values in a Scree plot Figure 1 indicates that after the 4rth dimension  , the values begin to drop less rapidly and are similar in size. Table 2 alsoshows the correlation analogous to Pearson correlation coefficient between the row and column scores for each dimension singular value score; the greater the inertia  , the greater the association between row and column. This is to say that users with a high level of English proficiency accept fewer recommendations with respect to users with a low level. In particular  , for the APP case there is a moderate negative correlation between the declared English proficiency and the acceptance rate PEARSON correlation with ρ = −0.46 and p = 0.005. Without loss of generality  , the chi-square test 8 is employed to identify concrete itemsets by statistically evaluating the dependency among items in individual itemsets . We observe that a strong correlation exists  , clearly showing that users are enticed to explore people of a closer age to them Pearson correlation is equal to 0.859 with p < 0.0001. To eliminate outliers and potential noise  , we only consider ages for which we have at least 100 observations. For instance  , younger users tend to click less frequently on results returned to them about persons older than them. In order to quantify the sensitivity of the results we ran a Spearman correlation between the actual and estimated defect densities. The Pearson correlation coefficient is 0.669 p<0.0005 indicating a similar relationship between the actual and estimated pre-release defect density. Although other methods exist  , we define the temporal correlation function to be the symmetric Pearson correlation between the temporal profiles of the two n-grams  , as used in 5. For many single terms  , temporal significance is implied by their context i.e. , bigrams. Typically one to three dimensions account for this much variance  , but our result is comparable to similar analyses of large matrices 24. Also  , the correlation of frequencies of personal finance queries is very high all day  , indicating searchers are entering the same queries roughly the same relative amount of times  , this is clearly not true for music. The advantage of the vector space computation is that it is simpler and faster. The Pearson correlation comparison for k values between C4.5 and SV M is 0.46  , showing moderate correlation ; however  , r values are weakly negatively correlated at -0.35. For COG-OS  , the k value selected for C4.5 and SV M are moderately similar  , while r values are quite divergent. Now we explore the relationships between our computed interestingness of conversations and the attributes of their associated media objects. Similar results hold when using the fraction of sentences with positive/negative sentiment  , thresholded versions of those features  , other sentiment models and lexicons LIWC as well as emoticon detectors. In contrast  , our group of human annotators only had a correlation of 0.56 between them  , showing that our APS 0.35 's agreement with human annotators is quite close to agreement between pairs of human annotators. APS 0.35 produces a Pearson correlation of over 0.47. Statistically speaking  , this is a fairly strong correlation; however  , the inconsistencies are enough to cloud whether the small accuracy improvements often reported in the literature are in fact meaningful. 11 asked users to re-rate a set of movies they had rated six weeks earlier  , and found that the Pearson ¥ correlation between the ratings was 0.83. The correlation does not indicate how often the computer grader would have assigned the correct grade. Previous work in this area has assigned continuous ranking scores to essays and used the Pearson product-moment correlation or r  , between the human graders and the computer grader as the criteria1 measure . set to determine the correlation and just ignored the training set as there is nothing we need to tune. This approach is not used in this paper  , however we will further investigate this in future research. where x and y are the 100 reciprocal performance scores of manual evaluation and automatic evaluation  , respectively. This is done by computing the Pearson correlation Equation 1 between the active user and all other users in R and ranking them highest to lowest according to that correlation. There was a fairly strong positive correlation between these variables  =0.55 showing that as we move further back in time away from the onset the distance between the clusters increases. To determine whether periodicity changed as the onset approached  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient   between the time between the clusters and the time from the onset. We find that  , indeed   , locations with pleasant smells tend to be associated with positive emotion tags with correlation r up to 0.50  , while locations with unpleasant smells tend to be associated with negative ones. To verify that  , we compute the Pearson correlation between a street segment's unpleasant smells as per Formula 4 in Section 4 and the segment's sentiment. We can also observe the inertia of the crowd that continued tweeting about the outbreak   , even though the number of cases were already declining e.g. , June 5 to 11. We can appreciate the high correlation of the curves  , which corresponds to a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.864. Results show that English proficiency level affects the acceptance rate for both the interfaces  , with a statistical significance for the APP condition oneway ANOVA with F = 8.92 and p = 0.005. Note that the Pearson and Kendall's τ correlation coefficients work on different scales and so cannot be directly compared to each other. Table 2gives the Pearson's correlation for system scores and the Kendall's τ correlation for system rankings for the TREC 2004 Robust systems on each of the earlier sub-collections  , comparing in each case the results obtained by standardizing using the original experimental systems and standardizing using the TREC 2004 Robust systems. As expected  , the Pearson coefficient suggests a negative correlation between the quality of QAC rankings and the average forecast errors of the top five candidates r ≈ −0.17 for SMAPE-Spearman and r ≈ −0.21 for SMAPE-MRR. We also computed the Pearson coefficient r between the average forecast error rates of the top five QAC suggestions and the final ρ and MRR values computed for those rankings . The Kendall's τ should be compared with the 0.742 correlation for ranking the TREC 2004 systems based on the TREC 2003 versus the TREC 2004 topics; the Pearson's coefficients should be compared with the 0.943 correlation on scores between the two topic sets. One of the advantages of using MART is that we can obtain a list of features learned by the model  , ordered by evidential weight. In addition  , to better understand the directionality of the features   , we also report in Pearson product moment correlation   , and the point-biserial correlation in the case of the classifier  , between the feature values and the ground truth labels in our dataset. The Qrels-based measures MAP and P@10 for a specific system were evaluated using the official TREC Qrels and the trec eval program  , while the Trels-based measures tScore  , tScore@k were evaluated using a set of Trels  , manually created by us  , for the same TREC topics for which Qrels exist. Figure 5lists the performance for our two best-performing similarity measures GBSS r=2 and GBSS r=3   , as well as for the following related approaches: 19 – Figure 5clearly shows that our approach significantly outperforms the to our knowledge most competitive related approaches  , including Wikipedia-based SSA and ESA. Pearson product-moment correlation coefficients r and Spearman's Rank Order r s  correlations were computed to assess whether participants' preferences regarding robot design and use were correlated with their religious affiliation and spiritual beliefs. We found a positive correlation between the expected level of emotional intelligence and agreement for robots using the honorific r=.358  , n=165  , p<0.01  , and knowing how to bow r=.435  , n=164  , p<0.01. We expected an immediate identification between sizing and effort  , but ultimately the data showed very weak correlations  , i.e. , with Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.15 in relation to the functional size by 'function points' and 0.100 for the size in 'lines of code'. During the preparation phase  , and to better understand our data  , we also explore some correlations between different variables; however  , we didn't reach any significant correlation. In this part of the experiment we measured the correlation between the model-induced measurements JSD distances of the model components and the average precision AP achieved by the search system for the 100 terabyte topics . The Pearson correlation of AP with all four model parameters the row denoted by " Combined "  is relatively high  , suggesting that the model captures important aspects of the topic difficulty. The correlation coefficient is then computed for two of these vectors  , returning values in the range -1 ,+1. In order to analyze and compare the results  , we made use of the popular Pearson correlation coefficient see  , e.g. , 14: The ratings of each participant  , i.e. , experts  , non-experts  , and the automated computation scheme  , are considered as vectors where each component may adopt values between 1 and 4. We further examined whether COGENT score is fundamentally unpredictive of coreness or its poor performance should be attributed to the fact that it outputs a single score and consequently  , the downstream classifier is restricted to a single feature. From the results  , we observe that on the last three weeks 13  , 14  , 15 with several political happenings  , the interestingness distribution of participants does not seem to follow the comment distribution well we observe low correlation. The figure shows plots of the comment distribution and the interestingness distribution for the participants at each time slice along with the Pearson correlation coefficient between the two distributions. We observe that the future frequency of a request is more correlated with its past frequency if it is a frequent query  , and there is little correlation when a request only occurs a handful of times in the past. Unlike the correlation  , these measures capture how much one scoring procedure actually agrees with another scoring procedure. For this first experiment  , we report three different measures to capture the extent to which grades were assigned correctly: the Pearson product-moment correlation r and two other measures of interest to testing agencies  , the proportion of cases where the same score was assigned Exact and the proportion of cases where the score assigned was at most one point away from the correct score Adjacent. To compare the behavior of Arab and non-Arab users as defined in Data Section  , we present the two user populations in FiguresTable 5shows Pearson product-moment correlation r and Spearman rank correlation coefficient ρ between the percentage of #JSA tweets and the percentage of Muslims in the country's population in various slices of data. Figure 3d shows a zoom of the bottom left corner of Figure 3 a  , where Western countries are clustered except Cyprus  , which has 25.3% Muslim population. Twitter For example  , if we observe Figure 1  , we can see two plots  , one of them corresponds to the relative frequency of EHEC cases as reported by RKI Robert Koch Institute RKI 2011  , and the other to the relative frequency of mentions of the keyword " EHEC " in the tweets collected during the months of May and June 2011. We verified this by computing the Pearson correlation coefficient ρ between the search performance of the different settings captured by MAP  , as reported in Figure 7a  , and the alignment quality in terms of precision and recall for relevant entities  , as reported in Figure 9a. Intuitively  , the search performance depends on the quality of the alignment. The Pearson correlation between these two distributions is highly significant r = .959  , p < .001. The age distribution among positively classified searchers is strikingly similar to the expected distribution  , particularly for the ages of 60s and 70s  , which are each within 1 percent of the expected rate. We looked at the activity signatures of 321 workers who had at least one complete signature and had completed the NER task. This indicates that an increase in the predicted value of the PREfast/PREfix defect density is accompanied by an increase in the pre-release defect density at a statistically significant level. This similarity between papers is measured using the Pearson correlation coefficient between the papers' citation vectors  , – Select n papers that have the highest similarity with the target paper. – Weight all papers with respect to similarity to the target  paper e.g. , p1. Thus  , before computing these correlations  , we first apply a logarithm transformation on the scholar popularity and feature values to reduce their large variability as in 17. However  , according to Figures 1g and 1 e  we can see that when comparing averaged values the behaviour of the contribution metric is not random  , instead it is clearly correlated with citation counts. There is an interesting study 4 which found using the Pearson coefficient that there is no correlation between the average precision with the original query and s average precision increment by QE. One possible choice  , based on the language model  , is the clarity score7  , but it is more difficult to implement. Here  , a normalized similarity of a user i y to a user j y is computed as This experiment compares the Pearson Correlation Coefficient approach using our weighting scheme to the other three methods: the Vector Similarity VS method  , the Aspect Model AM approach  , and the Personality Diagnosis PD method. Finally  , we build a large set of manual relevance judgments to compare with our automatic evaluation method and find a moderately strong .71 Pearson positive correlation. It has been shown that the ability to execute this volume of queries allows the error rates of evaluation measures to be examined 2. The gold-standard value of R for the TREC 2012 collection is the estimate produced using the entire set of runs submitted to the Medical Records track. Similarity between users is then computed using the Pearson correlation: Rating data is represented as a user × item Matrix R  , with Ru  , i representing the rating given by user u for item i  , if there exists a rating on item i  , or otherwise there will be a null value. This suggests that even when results for a topic are somewhat easier to find on one collection than another  , the relative difficulty among topics is preserved  , at least to some extent. Instead of using cosine similarity to compute the user check-in behavior  , we have also tried other metrics  , such as Pearson correlation and Total Variation Distance  , but observed similar results. This is  , users might stay at workplace during that period  , and hence have similar check-ins while people tend to have lunch about 12:00  , making the curve drops to some extent. For each window size seven  , 15  , 30  day  , we calculated the average role composition of each forum and measured the Pearson correlation between each pair of vectors and recorded the significance values. First  , we examine the effect of window size on the role composition of each forum. Results: Table 1shows Pearson correlation r scores for both datasets. This indicates that as long as we obtain at least one correct entity to represent a document  , our sophisticated hierarchical and transversal semantic similarity measure can compete with the state-of-the-art even for very short text. From left to right  , the participants are shown with respect to decreasing mean number of comments over all 15 weeks. Thus  , we compute the average value of stage assignmentsˆsementsˆ mentsˆse for event e i.e. , ˆ se = Esij|xij = e. A high correlation therefore means that we can predict the rank order of the suites' effectiveness values given the rank order of their coverage values  , which in practice is nearly as useful as predicting an absolute effectiveness score. We find that for all style dimensions none of these features correlate strongly with stylistic influence; the largest positive Pearson correlation coefficient obtained was 0.15 between #followees and stylistic influence on 1st pron. in our data we compare: #followers  , #followees  , #posts  , #days on Twitter  , #posts per day and ownership of a personal website. The Pearson correlation between single-assessor and pyramid F-scores in this case is 0.870  , with a 95% confidence interval of 0.863  , 1.00. The right graph in Figure 2plots the single-assessor and pyramid F-scores for each individual Other question from all submitted runs. For 16.4% of the questions  , the nugget pyramid assigned a non-zero F-score where the original single-assessor F-score was zero. Billerbeck and Zobel explored a range of query metrics to predict the QE success  , but  , as they report  , without clear success. However  , due to the low number of participants specifically 5 we managed to involve before the submission deadline  , this method did not prove particularly useful. We then feed this profile to our models and compare the suggestions to the actual ratings that the user provided using the Pearson productmoment correlation coefficient 3. These results demonstrate that  , despite their shared motivating intuition to promote resources that minimize query ambiguity  , the CF-IDF and query clarity approaches perform quite differently when applied to the same topic. As these charts suggest  , the Pearson correlation between the two runs is quite low: 0.3884 for nDCG@20 and 0.3407 for nDCG@10. The results are presented in Table 2and show that the window size does have an effect on the role composition. Then we predict a missing rate by aggregating the ratings of the k nearest neighbours of the user we want to recommend to. We calculate three similarity weights based on the users playcount  , users tag and users friendships respectively using the Pearson correlation coefficient and then use their weighted sum in place of wa ,u in equation 3. Moreover  , in order to incorporate the information from the users' social interactions and tagging  , we adopt the following ad hoc procedure. This suggests that  , while party members may be found at different positions in the leftright spectrum  , media outlets tend to pick legislators who are representatives of the two parties' main ideologies  , such as Left-wing Democrats or Right-wing Republicans. Next  , we study the Pearson product-moment correlation between user j's disclosure score θ j and the user's five personality scores  , plus three additional attributes  , namely sex  , number of social contacts  , and age. In a similar way  , upon our sample  , our methodology has identified two types of users: those who are privacy-concerned minority and those who belong to the pragmatic majority. To evaluate the effectiveness of GENDERLENS  , we conducted a user study where 30 users 15 men and 15 women were asked to indicate their preference for one of the two gender-biased news columns. Figure 8 shows the agreement measured for each of the news categories   , together with the Pearson correlation and the corresponding level of significance. At profile level  , the two classifiers performed very similarly instead  , and their classifications were strongly correlated Pearson correlation coefficient of r = .73: each profile  , on average  , was considered to be positive/negative to a very similar extent by both classifiers. However  , these results are for single tweets. This may also indicate that on Instagram since the main content is image  , textual caption may not receive as much attention from the user. On average  , there are 30% more hashtags for a Twitter post compared to an Instagram post Pearson correlation coefficient = 0.34 between distributions with p-value < 10 −15 . But we do not use RMSE because the graded relevance and the estimated relevance have different scales from 0 to 2  , and from 0 to 1 respectively. In the WSDM Evaluation setup  , we compare the performance of BARACO and MT using the following metrics: AUC and Pearson correlation as before. This might also depend on the difference in separability of the Qrels sets from the entire collection. The free-parameter values of each predictor's version doc  , type and doc ∧ type were learned separately. In summary  , the check-in behavior at one time may be more similar to some time slots than others. Prediction performance is measured  , as usual  , by the Pearson correlation between the true AP of the relevance-model-based corpus ranking at cutoff 1000 and that which corresponds to the predicted values . To that end  , we study the performance of the representativeness measures Clarity  , WIG  , NQC  , QF when predicting the quality of the ranking induced by the relevance model over the entire corpus 6 . In particular  , we quantify behavioral agreement using the Pearson correlation score between the ratings of two users  , and we compare this between users with positive and negative links. Here we empirically validate this intuition on the Epinion data  , as can be seen in Figure 2. To test the most accurate efficiency predictors based on single features  , we compute the correlation and the RMSE between the predicted and actual response times on the test queries  , after training on the corresponding training set with the same query length. Significantly different Pearson correlations from Sum # Postings are denoted *. The columns labeled 'all' indicates the results for all the systems in a test collection. Table 1summarizes the Kendall-τ and Pearson correlation for the four query selection methods when selecting {20  , 40  , 60}% of queries in the Robust 2004 and the TREC-8 test collections. Ideally the Kendall-τ 3 Similar results were also observed for Pearson correlation but not reported due to lack of space. Let T2 be the set of Kendall-τ scores for various subset sizes calculated when the evaluation metric is different from the metric used for query selection – the selection metric. Most of the work in evaluating search effectiveness has followed the Text REtrieval Conference TREC methodology of using a static test collection and manual relevance judgments to evaluate systems. To remove the difference in rating scale between users when computing the similarity  , 15  has proposed to adjust the cosine similarity by subtracting the user's average rating from each co-rated pair beforehand. Where item similarity s i im  , i b  can be approximated by the cosine measure or Pearson correlation 11  , 15. We calculated the Pearson correlation coefficient between the Miller-Charles scores and the NBD baseline  , as well as the three NSWD variants. This NBD-based similarity was calculated as 1 − NWDx  , y  , with NWDx  , y calculated as specified in Definition 2  , using the Microsoft Bing Search API 4 as a search engine. Following standard practice in work on queryperformance prediction 4  , prediction quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the true AP of permutations Qπ and their predicted performance  Qπ. Herein  , we measure retrieval performance using average precision AP@k; i.e. , Qπ in our case is the AP of the  mutation π. Empirical studies have shown that our new weighting scheme can be incorporated to improve the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method substantially under many different configurations. Based on this idea  , an optimization approach is developed to efficiently search for a weighting scheme. Binomial tests were used to analyze whether behaviors under the APS condition was perceived more natural than the IPS condition H3. What we need is a similarity measure that can be used to find documents similar to the seed abstracts from a large database. However  , most of the standard similarity measures such as Pearson Correlation Coefficient 16  , Cosine Similarity 17  are too general and not suitable for finding similar document from large databases such as PubMed. The CDC weekly publishes the percentage of the number of physician visits related to influenza-like illness ILI within each major region in the United States. As usual with item-item magnitudes  , all s ij 's can be precomputed and stored  , so introducing them into the user-user model barely affects running time while benefiting prediction accuracy . A positive value means that nodes tends to connect with others with similar degrees  , and a negative value means the contrary 29. A graph's assortativity coefficient AS is a value in -1 ,1 calculated as the Pearson correlation coefficient of the degrees of all connected node pairs in the graph. Experiments conducted on two real datasets show that SoCo evidently outperforms the state-of-the-art context-aware and social recommendation models. To identify friends with similar tastes  , a context-aware version of Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. To measure the goodness of fit of the selected model  , we computed the square of the Pearson correlation r 2   , which measures how much of the variability of actual AM could be explained by variation in predicted AM . We therefore selected 0.98 as our threshold for adjusted R 2   , and selected the first model that achieved that level of adjusted R 2 or higher. Consequently  , we performed a Pearson Chi-square test to check if there exists any association between the role of the respondents 7 different categories and the choice of programming language as a deciding factor for a system being legacy. Such a mixed observation has led us to further investigate if there is any interesting correlation. From Figure 2  , we observe that the clicks are not strictly correlated with the demoted grades: the average Pearson correlation between them across the queries is 0.5764 with a standard deviation 0.6401. The relation between observed CTR and the demoted grades is visualized by a scatter plot in Figure 2. During the testing phase  , recommendations are made to users for items that are similar to those they have rated highly. The similarity is computed based on the ratings the items receive from users and measures such as Pearson correlation or vector similarity are used. Given that Model- U achieves τ = 0.659  , we achieve a relative improvement of 23%. We used a Boolean recommendation as a baseline and compared it with recommendations for scholarly venues based on PVR implicit ratings. In this experiment  , we compare our weighting scheme to two commonly used weighting schemes  , i.e. , inverse user frequency weighting IUF and variance weighting VW. The first observation is that  , both the inverse user frequency weighting and the variance weighting do not improve the performance from the User Index baseline method that does not use any weighting for items. A secondary goal of this study is to go beyond previous work by assigning a discrete grade to each essay   , and by measuring exact agreement with the human raters. As in the previous case  , there is no correlation between the contribution measure and reader counts  , which is confirmed by Pearson r = 0.0444. This leads us to the conclusion that the contribution metric seems to capture different aspects of research performance than citation counts. For instance  , for the Robust test collection  , improvement in Kendall-τ is on average 10% for the full set of systems and it rises to 25% for the top 30 best performing systems. The x axis shows the size of the user profile and the y axis the average number of milliseconds to compute a neighbourhood for that profile size. Timing results for inverted search and vector search for the Pearson correlation for one of the runs are shown in Figure 1and Figure 2. Per-query results are highly correlated between systems   , in typical cases giving a Pearson score of close to 1  , because some queries are easier to resolve or have more answers than others; this correlation can affect assessment of significance. However  , the sample size of 25 is close to the lower bound of 30 suggested in texts as " sufficiently large " . In order to ensure that some of the candidates are better than the production ranker  , the relevant documents have a higher chance to be promoted to top than the irrelevant ones. We use the Pearson correlation between the prediction values assigned to a set of queries by a predictor and the ground-truth average precision AP@1000 which is determined based on relevance judgements. To measure prediction quality  , we follow common practice in work on QPP for document retrieval 2. The weights associated with feature functions in LTRoq are learned in two separate phases. Following common practice 11  , prediction over queries quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the values assigned to queries by a predictor and the actual average precision AP@1000 computed for these queries using TREC's relevance judgments. B feature vector construction for target papers using the discovered potential citation papers. In Step A1.1  , the similarity between target paper p tgt and other citation papers p citu u = 1  , · · ·   , N  , denoted as Stgt ,u is computed using the Pearson correlation coefficient: Focusing on any experience group  , the feature that is most strongly correlated with popularity is the number of publications 8 : the correlation reaches 0.81 for the most experienced scholars both Pearson and Spearman coefficients. Thus  , their popularity is less influenced by the venues where they publish. Each NSWDbased similarity measure was tested with three disambiguation strategies: manual M  , count-based C  , or similarity-based S  , using two widely used knowledge graphs: Freebase and DBpedia. We have scaled such that the maximum number of downloads in both the observed and predicted values is equal to 1. The results are shown in figure 1and demonstrate that estimated qualities are fairly close to the ground truth data Pearson correlation = .88  , ρ < 10 −15 . We considered the logarithms of the last two attributes because their distributions are skewed. The Pearson product moment correlation was used to measure the relations among the SRDs  , since they are all measured continuously. Together H3 and H4 state that the use of dependency information will improve prediction of SRD  , but only because such information improves the concept similarity match. To derive a lower bound on prediction quality  , we next present an approach for generating pseudo AP predictors  , whose prediction quality can be controlled. Since Pearson correlation is the evaluation metric for prediction quality  , there should be as many queries as possible in both the train and test sets. As these predictors incorporate free parameters  , we apply a train-test approach to set the values of the parameters. Perhaps the most important point to note  , however  , is that this is all possible on a computer as small and inexpensive as a DEC PDP-II/45. For all messages retrieved  , the Pearson product-moment correlation between system ratings and manual ratings of relevance was about 0.4. Fitting with power-law models  , we report the following exponents: α: blog in-links distribution  , β: blog out-links distribution  , τ : latencies distribution  , γ : cascade sizes distribution. B: number of blogs  , N : number of posts  , L: number of citations  , r: Pearson correlation coefficient between number of in-and out-links of nodes. Emotion Words. A wide representation of different programming languages can explain this fact. Miller-Charles' data set is a subset of Rubenstein-Goodenough's 35 original data set of 65 word pairs. We find that few features are correlated with each other i.e. , there are high positive correlations where r > 0.50 between the pledging goal  , the number of updates and the number of comments. Typically  , the prediction is calculated as a weighted average of the ratings given by other users where the weight is proportional to the " similarity " between users. A variation of the memory-based methods 21  , tries to compute the similarity weight matrix between all pairs of items instead of users. We then took the mean of these n ratings and computed Pearson correlation between Turker mean responses and expert mean responses . To estimate the effect of using 'n' Turkers  , we randomly sampled 'n' ratings for each annotation item n ∈ {1  , 40}. the Pearson correlation coefficient 8 rR 1   , R 2  = 0.57  , meaning that star-shaped cascades are more likely to exhibit a largely shared topic than chain-shaped ones. 7 We use rankings of sc and topic-unity values as they are not homogeneously distributed on 0; 1. We then use the fitted q i parameters and equation 2 to predict the expected number of downloads in the control world. The results of the study were evaluated with respect to the agreement between the actual gender of a user and our predicted preference for one of the two female-biased or male-biased news streams. A possible explanation to this is that the users on Twitter use it as a news source to read informative tweets but not necessarily all of the content that is read will be " liked " . We report the results in terms of Kendall-τ and Pearson correlation coefficients and show that the query subsets chosen by our models are significantly more effective than those selected by the considered baseline methods. We evaluate our method by comparing the ranking of systems based on the subset of queries with the ranking over the full set of queries. It is known that using query subsets may lead to poor performance when estimating the performance of previously unseen new systems 17 . However  , the Random and IQP methods require at least 70% of queries to achieve the same Kendall-τ . We implemented the accumulators for Quit and Continue as dynamic structures hash tables and when the stop criterion is as high as 10000 users  , this structure has less of an advantage over arrays. Following common practice 2   , prediction quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the true average precision AP@1000 for the queries  , as determined using the relevance judgments in the qrels files  , and the values assigned to these queries by a predictor. The Indri toolkit www.lemurproject.org was used for experiments. One difficulty in measuring the user-user similarity is that the raw ratings may contain biases caused by the different rating behaviors of different users. Popular choices for su ,v include the Pearson Correlation Co- efficientPCC22  , 11and the vector similarityVS2. Finally  , the predictors proposed in this work outperform those in the literature  , within this particular context. The learned prediction model is defined as follows: The correlation coefficients obtained for this model  , are 0.412 +12.88%  , 0.559+22.59%  , and 0.539 +22.22%  , for K. Tau  , SP. Rho and Pearson respectively. Future work will put these findings to a practical application for selective approaches to PRF-AQE  , or in the selection of a baseline model to optimize a system's overall performance given the conditions of a particular query. The resulting model further increased performance by a +22% in terms of the Pearson correlation coefficient  , and +12.88% for K. Tau. She also chooses a city DuTH B vs A +24 ,58% +23 ,14% +41 ,19% and rates its consisting POIs using the same criteria. To ensure inter-reliability  , the researchers tested 10 websites respectively  , and then conducted cross-checks. For preliminary findings  , the study selected 8 libraries with the highest and lowest results of accessibility and conducted the Pearson correlation test to investigate whether or not there was any association between accessibility and library funding. The Pearson correlation coefficient between the width and the depth of a tree is 0.60  , which suggests that the largest trees are also the deepest ones. In fact  , if we consider the width and the depth of a tree as its largest width and depth  , respectively  , we noted that trees are on average 2.48 wider than deeper. Since the number of users and items are usually large  , the feature spaces used for computing similarity  , such as cosine and Pearson correlation   , become high dimensional  , and hence  , hubness occurs. 2 reported that hubness emerges because k-NNs are computed in high dimensional spaces. The scatter plot indicates that a strong correlation was observed  , and hence  , hubness occurred. Figure 4a shows a scatter plot of users for Pearson  , where the horizontal axis is N50  , and the vertical axis represents similarity to the data centroid. To examine this  , we also measure the Pearson correlation of the queries' frequencies. While these measures examine the similarity of the sets of queries received in an hour and the number of times they are entered  , they do not incorporate the relative popularity or ranking of queries within the query sets. These findings attest to the redundancy of feature functions when employing ClustMRF for the non-ClueWeb settings and to the lack thereof in the ClueWeb settings. For reference comparison  , we report the performance of using the measures to directly predict the quality of the initial QL-based ranking  , as originally proposed. RDMA measures the deviation of agreement from other users on a set of target items  , combined with the inverse rating frequency for these items. where Wuv is the Pearson correlation between user u and user v  , and k is the number of neighbours. Furthermore we assume that the Pearson correlation between the different measurement dimensions y i and y j is equal to ρ for all i  , j. For simplicity we will consider a system in which all the measurement variables have a variance equal to 1. We found that in spite of the abstract nature of the dimension being coded quality of interaction interobserver reliability was quite high  average Pearson Correlation between 5 independent observers was 0.79 44  , 42. Overlaid on the video  , the observers could see a curve displaying their recent evaluation history See Figure 2-Bottom. Taking the complexity of human emotions in account  , an accuracy of 0.514 on predicting 8 emotions can be considered a relatively high score. However  , the correlation between the number of declared friends and the number of distinct interaction partners is low Pearson coefficient 0.16. We first note that even on a single server for a single game  , players generally interact with considerably more players than they have declared friendships with. Two variants are proposed: 1 average-based regularization that targets to minimize the difference between a user's latent factors and average of that of his/her friends; 2 individual-based regularization that focuses on latent factor difference between a user and each of his/her friends. The project shown had 30 modules; the history and metrics of 2/3 of these were used for predicting the ranking of the remaining ten modules. In step 1  , Sa ,g  , which denotes similarity between users a and centroid vectors of clusters g  , is computed using the Pearson correlation coefficient  , defined below: Compute a prediction from a weighted combination of the term weights using centroid vectors of clusters. CF also has a good performance since it can always give prediction if the target item has at least one rater and the Pearson correlation similarity between this rater and the target user is calculable. 2 As for coverage  , SNRS has a stable performance of around 0.7. As a weight we use the number of queries participating in the calculation of the metric signal this number is di↵erent for each experiment. As mentioned in Section 1  , all the social recommendation approaches need to utilize the additional explicit user social information  , which may limit the impact and utilization of these approaches. In this paper  , we adopt the most popular approach Pearson Correlation Coefficient PCC 2  , which is defined as: We tested per-user averaging on this dataset as well and it was 2% less accurate. In addition  , letˆMΦletˆ letˆMΦ ∈ R l×1 be the vector of l average performance scores computed based on the query subset  , QΦ  , and the performance matrixˆXmatrixˆ matrixˆX. We sampled a query log and pair queries with documents from an annotated collection  , such as a web directory  , whose edited titles exactly match the query. To this end  , we calculate Pearson correlation coefficient between the result rank position and number of times the result was examined  , clicked  , and ratio of these counts. Experimental Setup: As a first step  , we validate our hypothesis that COV is not dependent on the rank position   , and in fact can be used as an un-biased estimate of snippet attractiveness. Model-based approaches group together different users in the training database into a small number of classes based on their rating patterns. This category includes the Pearson-correlation based approach 4  , the vector similarity based approach 1  , and the extended generalized vector space model 3. To compare two HPCP features  , we use the Optimal Transposition Index method OTI 15  , which ensures a higher robustness to musical variations  , such as tuning or timbre changing issues 15. The query likelihood method 11 serves for the retrieval method  , the effectiveness of which we predict. Popular recommends the most popular items during the last one month of the learning period and thus it is not personalized to the user. In a second experiment  , our goal was to estimate which of the topics has 10% or less of their aspects covered by the document collection. The resultant predictors  , which differ by the inter-entity similarity measure employed  , are denoted AC rep=score;sim=doc and AC rep=score;sim=type. The prediction value is the Pearson correlation between the original normalized scores in the list and the new scores. Specifically  , we use the Pearson correlation coefficient: To evaluate the authority scores computed by our methods  , we rank the authors in decreasing order by their scores  , and compare our ranking with the ranking of users ordered by their Votes and Stars values. When features could not be extracted i.e. , in the case of facial presentation and facial expressions when there is no face detected  , we replace these with the sample mean. There is  , therefore  , a clustered division along the two " civilizations " described by Huntington. shows  , there is a clear positive correlation Pearson r=0.845  , p < 0.001  , suggesting that Westerners who live in Middle Eastern countries tend to tweet more with #JSA than those who live in the West. Although we found stronger correlations with tags from a user's own culture own = 0.66  , other = 0.42  , we did not find significant differences between cultures. The advantage of Pearson correlation  , as opposed to for example the cosine similarity measure 1  , lies in its taking care of the general rating tendency of the two arbiters involved . Hereby  , +1 denotes 100% consensus and -1 denotes completely opposed rating behavior. Some people rather assign higher scores while others tend to assign lower values. There were no significant correlations between subjects' estimates of recall and their estimates of time  , or actual time taken. Table 1presents Pearson correlation coefficients that examined time taken to complete each search actual and estimated by subjects  , recall actual and estimated by subjects and number of documents saved. In memory-based methods  , this is taken into account by similarity measures such as the Pearson or Spearman correlation coefficient 15 which effectively normalize ratings by a user's mean rating as well as their spread. For instance  , votes on a five star rating may mean different things for different people. Although we have shown that different categories have differing trends of popularity over the hours of a day  , this does not provide insight into how the sets of queries within those categories change throughout the day. For paired users giving responses to a few items in common  , the number of non zero elements of vectors becomes small  , and hence  , the resulting Pearson correlation becomes less trustworthy. Moreover  , the number of nonzero elements of user vectors is determined by the number of items that are given a non-nil response by both paired users. Hub objects very often appear in the k-NNs of other objects  , and therefore  , are responsible for determining many recommendations . Note that in contrast  , LTRoq integrates instantiations of the same predictor with various values of n as feature functions. Thus we suggest a method for optimizing these parameters by maximizing Pearson correlation between ERR and a target online click metric. We argue that these parameters should be adjusted more accurately and depend on the purpose target click-metric and market. The most common correlations of spiritual beliefs and robot design and use preferences were related to participants' agreement with Confucian values. He concluded that cluster-based selection could not improve upon greedy ranking-based selection  , but a second approach that integrated relevance and redundancy into a single score in a way similar to mRmR 8 did so. However  , while the lead time increases  , both the two errors of increase by 5-10 times. Similar to the facts reflected by the Pearson correlation in Figure 4  , the social media-based methods outperform computational epidemiology-based methods like SEIR and EpiFast in small lead time by achieving low MSE and peak time error. For each symptom e in our dataset  , we measure the posterior probability Pek that the event " CKD stage k " happens with the event at the same Score Ours Baseline Kendall's τ 0.810 0.659 Pearson correlation 0.447 -0.007 visit. Using such explicit events  , we can estimate the ground-truth stage of other medical events symptoms by looking at the co-occurrence between the event and the " CKD stage k " events. Yet  , there was also a considerable difference between the two ratings: the average absolute value of this difference for a given topic by a given person was 0.72 stdev: 0.86. There was a positive correlation between the expertise rating and the interest rating by a given participant to a given topic Pearson coefficient of 0.7  , indicating that people are usually interested in topics in which they have expertise and vice versa. 7 The highly effective UEF prediction framework 45 is based on re-ranking the retrieved list L using a relevance language model induced from L. We use the exponent of the Pearson correlation between the scores in L and those produced by the re-ranking as a basic prediction measure. High deviation was argued to correlate with potentially reduced query drift  , and thus with improved effectiveness 46. These deviations from mean ratings are then compared for each vector component  , that is  , for each technology pair being evaluated with regard to synergetic potential. The measure is scaled by the value assigned by some basic predictor — in our case  , Clarity  , ImpClarity  , WIG or NQC— to produce the final prediction value. The motivation stems from the observation that the past frequency of requests is not always strongly correlated with their future frequency  , especially in the case of infrequent requests 7. The data are suggestive  , then  , that one component of an effective retrieval approach is an effective method of interacting with the Topic Authority  , but  , with the data points we have  , we cannot establish the significance of the effect. When we test this impression by calculating the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient  , however  , we obtain a positive point estimate  , but a very wide 95% confidence interval  , one that in fact overlaps with zero: r = 0.424 -0.022  , 0.730. Based on the user similarity  , missing rating corresponding to a given user-item pair can be derived by computing a weighted combination of the ratings upon the same item from similar users. For user-based systems 9   , the similarity between all pairs of users is computed based on their ratings on associated items using some selected similarity measurement such as cosine similarity or Pearson correlation . We find Pearson correlation for differences of nDCG@10 from RL2 to RL3 and that from RL2 to RL4 is -0.178 and -0.046 in two evaluation settings  , which can indicate RL3 and RL4 and possibly the different resources used for PRF will have different but not necessarily opposite behaviors in two evaluation settings. We further calculate per topic difference of nDCG@10 between RL3/RL4 and RL2. 3 Performance on MSE and peak time error: Figure  4e  , 4f  , 4g  , and 4h illustrate the performance on MSE and peak time error of all the methods in VA and CT for three seasons. But it is also likely that users are related to a wider set of topics in which they are interested than topics in which they consider themselves experts. Submissions that resulted in low F 1 scores tend to have come from approaches that made little use of the Topic Authority's time; submissions that achieved high F 1 scores all made use of at least some of their available time with the Topic Authority. The main reason for this inconsistency is the hard demotion rule: users might have different demotion preferences for different queries  , and it's most impossible for an editor to predefine the combination rules given the plurality of possibilities. This yields ρMAP  , Precision-Rel = 0.98 and ρMAP  , Recall-Rel = 0.97  , indicating strong dependency between quality of the mappings and search performance. All these factors turned out to be significantly correlated with MCAS score p < .05  , N=417 Particularly  , the correlations between the two online measures ORIGINAL_PERCENT_CORRECT and PERCENT_CORRECT and MCAS score are 0.753 and 0.763  , even higher than the correlation between SEP-TEST and MCAS score actually  , 0.745. First of all  , we present the Pearson correlations between MCAS scores and all the independent variables in Table 1to give some idea of how these factors are related to MCAS score. The strict sentence generation log-likelihood feature in our feature set discussed in Section 5.3 encodes a sentence property that is very similar to COGENT's similarity score: it estimates the likelihood of a given sentence to be generated from the set of all standards of the associated domain in a probabilistic generation task. The average number of clusters per pre-onset history is 2.83 SD=2.43  , the average cluster length is around 2.54 days SD=2.32 days  , and the average periodicity of the clusters is around two weeks M=14.50 days  , SD=12.70 days. To address this problem we also considered normalised llpt denoted nllpt results  , where for each query the score of each system was divided by the score of the highest score obtained by any system for that query. In one experiment with ii queries expressed as ordinary English Questions directed at a collection of 1200 messages  , METER retrieved about seventy percent of relevant messages  , with "retrieved" meaning that a message was in the top 30 returned for a query according to estimated relevance . There was a slight topic effect: for two topics both median and mode scores were 51-60%  , for one topic the median and mode was 61-70% and for another topic the median score was 41-50% with multiple modes of 31-40%  , 41- 50% and 51-60%. where now ¯ ri is the mean rating of item i and w i ,k is the similarity weight between items i and k. The main motivation behind item based systems is the computational savings in calculating the item-item similarity matrix. The most popular and the one used in this study  , is the Pearson correlation score which is defined in 3  , where σa is the standard deviation of user's a ratings. To validate the effectiveness of the proposed JRFL model in real news search tasks  , we quantitatively compare it with all our baseline methods on: random bucket clicks  , normal clicks  , and editorial judgments. The monotonic relationship between the predicted ranking and CTRs is much more evident than the one given by the demoted grades: URLs with lower CTRs concentrate more densely in the area with lower prediction scores  , and the average Pearson correlation between the predicted ranking score and CTR across all the queries is 0.7163 with standard deviation 0.1673  , comparing to the average of 0.5764 and standard deviation of 0.6401 in the the demoted grades. This time  , we draw the scatter plot between the JRFL predicted ranking scores and CTRs on the same set of URLs as shown in Figure 2. As mentioned in section 2.4  , however  , because related parameters are not tuned for RL3 and RL4 in our runs  , results reported in this section may not indicate the optimized results for each method. We divide information used for modeling user search intents into two categories – long-term history and short-term context. The pre-search context  , as we defined  , is the search context that is prior to a search task and could trigger the search; in-search context is the search context during a search task  , such as query reformulation and user clickthrough during a search session. We believe there exist two types of short-term contexts – pre-search context and insearch context. We plan to expand this set of search tools by providing a " beam " search  , a greedy search  , a K-lookahead greedy search  , and variations of the subassembly-guided search. In Archimedes 2 we currently have implemented three degrees of optimization: a full state-space search  , a search in a subspace of plans which use given subassemblies   , and a non-optimized " first feasible plan " method. In our definition of a switching event  , navigational queries for search engine names e.g. , search on Yahoo ! A search engine switching event is a pair of consecutive queries that are issued on different search engines within a single search session. We have conducted experiments including trending search detection and personalize trending search suggestion on a large-scale search log from a commercial image search engine. For evaluation , These search criteria will be transferred via the Web to a search script. The user will use a search form to specify the search criteria. The search for collision-free paths occurs in a search space. Search space rearesentation. It also included a search box to allow users to search using keywords. The search interface included a search form to allow the use of the extracted information in search. A static search session is the search history of a real user in an interactive search system  , including the users' search queries  , click-through  , and other information. The dataset includes static search session logs and whole-session level relevance judgments. The search sessions were first tested as a re-finding search session  , next as an exploratory search session. After the search sessions were identified  , each session was classified as a re-finding session  , exploratory search session or single query session. Quick search consists of a search box with a drop down menu suggesting a keyword with information about its type like author when keying in search terms. When starting a search  , readers could select either a quick search  , an advanced search or a recommendation page as their point of departure. The image search logs were collected in the first two weeks of Nov. 2012. If the search session failed to be classified as either re-finding or exploratory search  , it was classified as single search session. We envision search engines that can timely detect and efficiently propagate trending search content i.e. , search queries and corresponding search results to users' mobile devices to enable a realtime search experience at a lower cost for the datacenter. In this work  , we study the feasibility of enabling a real-time search experience for trending search topics without overwhelming the search backend with an excessive number of search requests. When a user comes to a search engine  , she formulates a query according to her search intent and submits it to the search engine. Each user presumably has an intrinsic search intent before submitting a query. Obfuscate a user's true search intent to a search engine is very difficult: we need to first identify the search intent  , properly embellish it before submitting to the search engine  , such that the returned search results are still useful. Merely hiding a user's identity is not enough  , but we need to hide a user's true search intent to ensure privacy. The hierarchical search makes use of the Lucene Boolean operator to join: a UMLS concept search  , appropriate Topic type word search e.g. Next  , the Hierarchical search is initiated. Similarly  , a control segment search is a search related to the category of the control advertisement. We define a target segment search as a search that is related to the category of the target advertisement 4 . These advertisements appear in a dedicated area of the search results page  , each one in a particular fixed subarea  , or slot. When a user performs a search  , the search engine often displays advertisements alongside search results. The three search requests result in a search response that is a list of brief descriptions of zetoc records matching the search. To avoid returning unmanageably large result sets  , the zetoc search response is a list of a fixed number We extracted " browse → search " patterns from all sessions in the user browsing behavior data. cluding all search portal events from a search session  , if there is a search event immediately after a browse event  , we call the tuple {URL  , query} a " browse → search " pattern where URL is the page visited in the browse event and query is extracted from the search event. Sessions start with a search engine query followed by a click on a search engine result. From these logs  , we mined many thousands of search sessions. The result of a search is a list of information resources. Various search criteria can be specified by filling in a search form. search /admin/../ Website's control panel that allows to publish  , edit or delete announcements. renting anncs /search/ Page containing the results of a search submitted through the search engine. structural similarity and keyword search use IR techniques. pattern search and substructure search deploy database operators to perform a search  , while some other ones e.g. The Search Self-Efficacy Scale is a 14-item scale used to characterize search expertise. Subjects' search experience was measured with the Search Self- Efficacy Scale 5. Thus  , the search time is relatively longer than in a search from a keyword-based database. We assume a full text search conducted on each database. We identify two families of queries. Contextual search refers to a search metaphor that is based on contextual search queries. Here we use breadth-first search. Once the search space is structured  , a search strategy should be chosen. DEFINITION 2. Origin pages are the search results that start a search trail. A search trail consists of an origin page  , intermediate pages  , and a destination page. Each search result can be a new query for chain search to provide related content. The keyword given by the user can be a query for integrated search to provide a mixed search result of Web and TV programs. correctness of a search N Mean Standard Deviation These results support our interpretation of unique words in a search as a measure of search effort. Our goal is to improve upon the search time of binary search without using a significant amount of additional space. Nevertheless  , binary search has the benefit that no additional space beyond a is needed to perform a search. Businesses consider sponsored links a reliable marketing and profit avenue  , and search engines certainly consider sponsored search a workable business model. In 2005  , sponsored search was a $12 billion industry for the four largest search engines 6. Then a search mission is a sequence of consecutive searches  , such that a query of a search shares at least one non-stopword with any previous query within the search mission. A search is an interaction that leads to a result page; a query is a set of terms given by a search. Local search results: A set of localized search results extracted from Google's local search service 12 . 5.2 Structured search using search engines. Consequently  , databases are slowly morphing into a unified search/query system. The Dienst protocol provides two functions for querying a collection: Simple Search and Fielded Search. The Search Service. We simulate exploratory navigation by performing decentralized search using a greedy search strategy on the search pairs. v Simulation. A search model describes the string to search within the textual fragments. A search equation is a boolean expression of search models we use the classical boolean operators AND  , OR and EXCEPT. It provides a distributed  , multitenant-capable search engine with a HTTP web interface. Elastic Search 1 is a search server based on Lucene that provides the ability to quickly build scalable search engines. A meta search system sends a user's query to the back-end search engines  , combines the results and presents an integrated result-list to the user. A single search interface is provided to multiple heterogenous back-end search engines. A much more convenient way for accessing these collections would be connecting them within a single search interface  , applying the common meta search technique. With such a mechanism in place  , in the case of the 2012 U. S. presidential elections Figure 1  , 30% of users' queries could be instantly served locally e.g. , through the web browser or a dedicated search application  , without sending a request to the search engine. Third  , we want to extend the modeling scope from a search engine result page to a search session. Second  , we want to consider other types of 1 user action  , e.g. , clicking on a sponsor advertisement  , zooming on a result in mobile search  , reformulating a query; 2 query  , e.g. , audio queries in voice search  , image queries in image search  , foreign language queries in crosslingual search; 3 document  , e.g. , image results in image search; and 4 interaction  , e.g. , mouse movements. Moreover  , some search engines such as Google or Live.com have started to mix dedicated news search results with the results displayed in the regular search pane i.e. , when the user has not selected the news tab. As a consequence  , there exist a number of dedicated news search engines and many of the major search portals offer a dedicated news search tab. Most search systems used in recent years have been relational database systems. As mentioned above  , the semantic web and ontology based search system introduced in this study developed the next generation in search services  , such as flexible name search  , intelligence sentence search  , concept search  , and similarity search  , by applying the query to a Point Of Interest search system in wireless mobile communication systems. For the search backend  , Apache Lucene 14 is a search engine library with support for full text search via a fairly expressive query language   , extensible scoring  , and high performance indexing. Satakirjasto Sata is a traditional public library online catalog providing users with quick search  , advanced search and a browsing option. In quick search users key in search terms in a textbox  , whereas in advanced search in addition to that they may limit the search by the type of literature fiction – non-fiction  , author  , title  , keywords  , or other bibliographic information. Search interrmxhary elicitation during the online search stage largely focused on search strategy and terms  , followed by the online relevance elicitation requesting users to judge the relevance of the output. 58.6% online stage -with a mean of 16 presearch elicitation per search  , a mean of 23 or-dine elicitation per search  , and a mean of 39 total elicitation per search. We collect a set of 5 ,629 real user search sessions from a commercial search engine. Dataset. image search  , belong to the first type  , and provide a text box to allow users to type several textual keywords to indicate the search goal. Most commercial image search engines  , e.g. , Google image search  , Microsoft Bing image search  , and Yahoo! 'Organic search' is the classic search where users enter search terms and search engines return a list of relevant web pages. In the Web community there is lots of discussion about organic and sponsored search. Search intent prediction is an important problem  , as it will largely improve search experience. work on search intent prediction – predicting what a user is going to search even before the search task starts. 'Sponsored search' describes additional 'results' that are often shown beside the organic results. The user interface of the application simply consists of a text box and a keyword search can be performed pressing the " Search " button. search system works. The search engine then returns a ranked list of documents. People use search engines by expressing their information need as a textual search query – the information retrieval request. GA is a robust search method requiring little information to search in a large search space. It is based on the theory of natural selection and evolution. CSCs have very limited time to examine search result. It is crucial for a search engine to rank relevant documents high in a search result list. They identified two ways to personalize a search through query augmentation and search result ranking. proposed a contextual computing approach to improve personalized search efficiency 4. Traditional search engines  , such as Google  , do not perform any semantic integration but offer a basic keyword search service over a multitude of web data sources. Search Engines. The actual specification of a full-text search query for a particular product. Search. The search method described formally in Figure   3 is to successively narrow the search interval until its size is a given fraction of the initial search region. The Fibonacci search technique is the most efficient of any restricted search 6. Each participant was expected to carry out a search task on each one of Search Friend's interfaces systematically. We used the Search Friend system to investigate the role richer search interfaces play during different search tasks. The support for internal search was addressed by utilizing a domain specific vocabulary on different levels of the employed search mechanisms. The quality of the search depends on knowing what search terms to use and on the implemented search strategies. An information retrieval system SEARFA SEARch Flora Advanced system was implemented to allow users to search using both extracted information and keywords. These search tasks are often performed under stringent conditions esp. Patent analysts perform a number of difficult and challenging search tasks such as Novelty search or Infringement search 2 and rely upon sophisticated search functionality  , tools  , and specialised products 1. It is a variation of bidirectional search and sequential forward search SFS that has dominant direction on forward search. 23 is one of a classic heuristic searching method. The search site speed was controlled by using either a commercial search site with a generally slow response rate SE slow  or a commercial search site with a generally fast response rate SE fast . The search latency was controlled by using a clientside script that adjusted search latency by a desired amount of delay. Without loss of generality we will assume B i ≤ j u ij . We use a search query log of approximately 15 million distinct queries from Microsoft Live Search. to a more specialized search engine. All participants used the same search system which resembled a standard search engine. In all conditions  , the search system displayed a spinning wheel when it was busy. We also presuppose that the search proceeds in the following manner: Thus  , the search time is relatively longer than in a search from a keyword-based database. A search trail is represented by an ordered sequence of user actions. Every search goal is represented with a search trail. More recently  , MSN and Google Search 13 ,9 added location look-up capability that extracts location qualifiers from search query strings. 's local search sites 8 ,17 require users to specify a location qualifier  , in addition to giving a search query. For this we measure the click through percentage of search. The quality of a search is defined as probability of the event that user clicks on a search result presented to her as the answer to the search. We define a switch as an event of changing one search engine to another in order to continue the current search session. In this section we consider the problem of search engine switching prediction in a search session. Search logs are usually organized in the form of search sessions. The input to our method is the search log interaction data gathered from consenting users of a toolbar deployed by a commercial search engine. When applying a table search query to the popular search engines  , we observe that a flood of unwanted and sometimes unsolicited results will be returned. However  , existing search engines do not support table search. A basic search allows a search with simple keywords and then the matched results are returned in ranked order. TableSeer offers two levels of searches: basic search and advanced search. Keyword search is a useful way to search a collection of unstructured documents  , but is not effective with structured sources. Most search tools available for the WWW today e.g. , AltaVista  , Lycos  , Inktomi  , Yahoo are based on keyword search. For this paper  , the focus of the meta-search engine is browser add-on search tools. Meta-search engine allows a user to submit a query to several different search engines for searching all at once. Table 4displays these results. queries in a search; the total number of documents or paragraphs saved at the end of the search; the number of documents or books viewed during a search; and  , the mean query length per search. Given a user profile and a set of search keywords  , the search engine selects an ad advertisement  to display in the search result page. Sponsored search is one typical instance of online advertising. We collected 10 search results for each information problem using the Google search engine. After subjects completed the initial query evaluation  , they were directed to a search engine results page SERP containing a list of ten search results. Their main purpose is to give search engine users a comprehensive recommendation when they search using a specific query. Recently  , some search engines started showing related search keywords in the bottom of the result page. Here the search engine was initially IBM's TSE search engine  , later replaced with IBM's GTR search engine  , and the database was DB2. The server consists of a search engine index  , and a document and terms database. Most commercial search portals such as Bing and Google provide access to a wide range of specialized search engines called verticals. The goal of aggregated search is to combine results from multiple search engines in a single presentation. Each search unit is controlled from a control computer which loads the queries into the search units. To maintain this search time for a larger database will require multiple search units each with its own disc. Yahoo Knowledge Graph is a knowledge base used by Yahoo to enhance its search engine's results with semantic-search information gathered from a wide variety of sources. However  , Facebook Graph Search does not provide any travel search feature. In almost all of the work  , in-search context is essentially used as additional information for understanding search intent during a search task. There is a large body of work studying in-search context. It is also a practice of mass collaboration at a world-wide scale that allows users to vote for ranking of search results and improve search performance. This new search paradigm is an effective way of search personalization. And then we propose a probabilistic model based approach to explore the blended search problem. In this abstract  , we first study the vertical search engines' query log of a commercial search engine to show the importance of blended search problem. Some search engines try to improve the quality of search results by analysing the link structure of web resources. Existing Internet search engines locate the information by performing a keyword search on a full-text index of Internet resources. Their research is mainly based on analyzing logs when people use a search engine and a short survey. 13  , found search motivations such as navigational search  , informational search or resource finding. A search session within the same query is called a search session  , denoted by s. Clicks on sponsored ads and other web elements are not considered in one search session. Here the summary includes the search title  , snippets and URL. job search or product search offered with a general-purpose search engine using a unified user interface. Recent years have witnessed an increasing number of vertical search services e.g. After conducting all four searches  , participants completed an exit questionnaire. For each search task  , participants were shown the topic  , completed a pre-search questionnaire  , conducted their search and then completed a post-search questionnaire. When the user presses the search button in the side toolbar  , or presses " Control-S " on a keyboard  , the document goes into search mode. ReadUp provides a search mechanism modelled on the incremental text search mode of GNU Emacs 19. This is identical to Backward search except that it uses only one merged backward iterator  , just like Bidirectional search. To separate the effect of using a single iterator from the other effects of Bidirectional search  , we created a version of backward search which we call single iterator backward search or SI-backward search. In exploratory tasks users are often uncertain how to formulate search queries 8 either because they are unfamiliar with the search topic or they have no clear search goals in mind. Unlike lookup search  , where a discrete set of results achieves a welldefined objective  , exploratory search can involve unfamiliar subject areas and uncertainty regarding search goals. These three categories of search represent three of the four qualitatively different search types encountered in WiSAR 14  , 28. Importantly  , the appropriate type of navigation depends strongly on whether the search is a hasty/heuristic search 1   , an exhaustive search  , or a search that evaluates high priority regions first. When the user types characters in the search engine's search box  , the browser sends the user's input along with the cookie to the search engine. Every time the user performs a search  , the search engine returns the results and also updates a cookie that the browser stores on the user's machine with the latest search. Recall that 4.17% of the total number of user sessions began with a citation search query  , and 1.85% started with a document search query. Table 4shows the percentage of search sessions not including citation search queries 9.4% compared to the percentage of search sessions not including document search queries. The search results appeared either below the search box  , or in a different tab depending on user's normal search preferences  , in the original search engine result format. At that point  , a search interface as in Figure 2appeared  , which was to be used for submitting all search queries. An aggregate search engine is the same as any other instance of the search engine leaf node except that it handles all incoming search requests. The retrieval engine was designed primarily to act as a distributed search engine made up of a series of 'leaf' search engines or nodes which would be invoked by an 'aggregate' search engine. a search with the word 'diagnosis' for cases with the 'diagnosis' type  , stemmed title search and stemmed keyword search using the preferred terms of the UMLS concepts from the Googlediagnosis . We sampled 500 such patterns from the " browse → search " sessions. If a " browse → search " pattern is predicted as SearchTrigger and the user did click a URL in the search result given by a search engine SE for the query which can be observed in user browsing behavior data  , we will regard it as a " browse → search → click " pattern. Despite the two search sites coming from different brands  , the returned results were almost identical due to the nature of the search queries used see Procedure. The search site speed was controlled by using either a search site with a generally slow response rate SE slow  or a search site with a generally fast response rate SE fast . In an advanced search it is possible to formulate a query by selecting several fields to search. Although the two search sites were different  , the returned search results were very similar due to the nature of queries used see Procedure. This will provide the user with a selectable level of computing effort  , so he/she can trade off computing time with level of assurance of the optimality of the plan. As we are investigating the impact richer search interfaces have  , a spectrum of search tasks covering different search task types and goals would ideally need to be used. These search tasks were obtained from the TREC tracks  , and their search task categories were determined based on the search task's objective  , complexity and difficulty; Table 1describes the search tasks in detail. Trails can contain multiple query iterations  , and must contain pages that are either: search result pages  , visits to search engine homepages  , or connected to a search result page via a hyperlink trail. Search trails originate with a directed search i.e. , a query issued to a search engine  , and proceed until a point of termination where it is assumed that the user has completed their information-seeking activity. In The global search tries to find a path on a d-C-Lres by using a graph search method  , as shown in When the serial local search fails in finding a local path between adjacent sub-goals in a SgSeq as shown in an alternative SgSeq found by the global search during the 2nd trial. Proposed method repeats both global search and serial local search. Decentralized Search. Therefore  , decentralized search represents a very natural model of navigating tagging systems. Other search strategies can be specified as well. This results in a depth first search. after completion of the search  , the subject was asked to complete a post-search questionnaire. vi. Query rewriting Since the ultimate goal of users is to search relevant documents   , the users can search using formulae as well as other keywords. For example  , a user can search formulae that have two to four C  , four to ten H  , and may have a substructure of CH2  , using a conjunctive search of a full frequency search C2-4H4-10 and a substructure search of CH2. The underlying assumption is that several latent search factors exist in query logs  , each associated with a distinct topic transition rule  , and these search factors can be implicated by users' search behaviors. In this paper  , we have presented a novel method of search task identification based on a generative model for behavior driven search topic transition. Every session began with a query to Google  , Yahoo! , Live Search  , Ask.com  , or AltaVista  , and contained either search engine result pages  , visits to search engine homepages  , or pages connected by a hyperlink trail to a search result page. From interaction logs we extracted search sessions. We have investigated user search behavior in a complex multisession search task  , with a search system that provides various types of input components. Our planned follow-up research is to acquire search log data from a wider variety of search interfaces and tasks  , to verify the utility of direct and indirect query modifications to analyze user behavior in information seeking tasks. During the online stage  , the largest category of user elicitation related to search terminology 28% and secondly to search procedures 21%. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. The depth-first search instead of the breadth-first search is used because many previous studies strongly suggest that a depth-first search with appropriate pseudo-projection techniques often achieves a better performance than a breadth-first search when mining large databases. In §2 we investigate the media studies research cycle. i does the subjunctive exploratory search interface better support media studies researchers in a complex exploratory search task than a standard exploratory search interface; ii does the subjunctive exploratory search interface better support media studies researchers in refining a research question than a standard exploratory search interface; iii does the increase in complexity in terms of additional features affect the usability of the subjunctive interface as compared to a standard exploratory search interface ? Ideally  , a similarity search system should be able to achieve high-quality search with high speed  , while using a small amount of space. The performance of a similarity search system can be measured in three aspects: search quality  , search speed  , and space requirement. Different from existing interactive image search engines  , most of which only provides querybased or search result-based interaction  , MindFinder enables a bilateral query↔search result interactive search  , by considering the image database as a huge repository to help users express their intentions. In this work  , we develop the MindFinder system  , which is a bilateral interactive image search engine by interactive sketching and tagging. They show that their model can predict search success effectively on their data and on a separate set of log data comprising search engine sessions. 1  propose a formalization of different types of success for informational search  , and presented a scalable game-like infrastructure for crowdsourcing search behavior studies  , specifically targeted towards capturing and evaluating successful search strategies on informational tasks with known intent. They utilized the users' search queries triggered by a page to learn a model for estimating the search intents. Cheng  , Gao  , Liu proposed a method of predicting search intents based on a page read by a user 13. A second heuristic search strategy can be based on the TextRank graph. Graph-Driven Search. Figure 1presents a typical scenario where faceted search is useful with an expert search. BOSS API. Search sessions of the same searcher i.e. This period is defined as a search session. A search trail originates with the submission of a query to a search engine and contains all queries and post-query navigation trails 27. Every record included a search trail  , and a success label. To preserve the quality of results  , a distributed search engine must generate the same results as a centralized implementation. In a distributed search engine  , a search site indexes locally only a fraction of the documents. Exploratory search is defined as a class of search activities performed to learn or discover new information 16. The emergence of multi-tasking behavior within a single search session makes it particularly complex to use user information from search sessions to personalize the user's search activity. seek to complete multiple search tasks within a single search session 14  , 15  , 22   , while also taking multiple sessions to finish a single task at times. For each topic  , the subjects filled in a pre-search questionnaire to indicate their familiarity with the search topic  , conducted a time bounded search for resource pages related to that topic  , then filled in a post-search questionnaire that collected their opinion of the search experience and the perceived task completeness. This helped them get familiar with the interface. Interface features can facilitate search actions that help in completing a search task. Facilitate. sequences of actions a user performs with the search engine e.g. Search trails  , i.e. Each peer performed a search every 1–2 minutes. to analyze search performance. Google offers a course 1 on improving search efficiency. Search skills can be trained  , e.g. Compute a non-zero vector p k called the search direction. Compute the search direction. Groupization to improve search. For a survey of works on search behavior  , see 11. Some possible fields in a journal search request may be as in  'Identifier' Response. Journal Search. 28  proposed a personalized search framework to utilize folksonomy for personalized search. Xu et al. The first search is over the corpus of Web pages crawled by the search engine. Each query submitted to a commercial search engine results into two searches. 12 See http://code.google.com/apis/ajaxsearch/local.html  , last re- 4. For confident corrections  , the search engine can search the corrected query directly. The first corrects a query after it is submitted to the search engine. The first row indicates missing search types which default to a document search. The proportion of search types are presented in Table 5. sometimes a user prefers one search engine to another for some types of search tasks. User preference is another reason causing search engine switching  , e.g. Here we explore the opposite however  , optimality of interfaces given search behavior. These can be used to explore optimal search strategies given a search interface. Each time a search is performed   , the Search Module retrieves URIs of instances in the search results and stores them into a cache memory. a free-text search query  , Lucene searches its index to find all matched resources  , and given an advanced search query  , Sesame searches for instances from its ontology repository. Taken together  , these results indicate that users tend to explicitly change the default search type citations search and prefer to run a document type search. Once participants completed the practice task  , those with a task time limit were shown the instructions in Figure 1before being presented with their first search task. If the keyword query is empty  , then it is called " query-less. " He was most recently Founder and CEO of Powerset  , a semantic search startup Microsoft acquired in 2008. is currently Partner  , Search Strategist for Bing  , Microsoft's new search engine. Users begin a search for web services by entering keywords relevant to the search goal. To motivate similarity search for web services  , consider the following typical scenario. A search engine for semi-structured graph data providing keyword and structural search using NEXI-like expressions. Semi-structured Search Baseline No-schema  , NSA. This phase is called " search results narrowing " . In the first phase  , a traditional search is done before the classification program is called to analyze the search results. A reliable search method would achieve an acceptable search most of the time. An acceptable search would find most of the relevant documents with minimal wasted effort. ODP advanced search offers a rudimentary " personalized search " feature by restricting the search to the entries of just one of the 16 main categories. Recall that some of the baselines e.g. People search is one of the most popular types of online search. 5 Therefore  , understanding how people search for people is a critical issue in information retrieval. one search episode is unrelated to any subsequent search episodes. They also found that information retrieval systems generally are built according to a single search paradigm  , i.e. However  , the combined search yields a similar final behavior to keyword-based search. Under these conditions  , the semantic model alone performs much worse than keyword-based search. This view is a demonstration of relational search 8  , where the idea is not to search for objects but associative relation chains between objects. search. Another useful search option is offered by video OCR. Previous results may serve as a source of inspiration for new similarity search queries for refining search intentions. In a traditional search scenario  , a Web user submits a query describing his/her information need and a search engine returns a list of presumably relevant pages. The CWS system is different from traditional search engines conceptually. A search trail always begins with a query and ends when the information seeking activity stops. Search sessions contain unique user identifier and a sequence of records for search actions  , such as queries  , result clicks and search engine switching actions   , which were detected by a browser toolbar or by clicks on a link to open another search engine from the search engine results page. The dataset contains a subset of search logs of 30 days  , which are about 1.5 years old and do not contain sessions with queries that have commercial intent detected with Yandex proprietary query classifier. Using the same set of real user queries  , these search modes included: 1 a global search of the directory from the root node  , 2 a localized search of the relevant sub-directories using global idfs  , and 3 a localized search of the relevant sub-directories using the appropriate dynamically-calculated local idfs. To test the effectiveness of browse plus search functionality   , we designed and conducted a series of experiments on three search modes. Experience The main effect of the searchexperience attribute 1 if search  , 0 if experience shows a higher conversion rate for search products online at 0.003207. Search VS. Based on the model  , a semantic search service is implemented and evaluated. The model extends the search capabilities of existing methods and can answer more complex search requests. There is a task identifier 'ki' for known-item search  , and 'ex' for expert search  , no identifier for discussion search  , as these were the first runs submitted. This instrument contains 14-items describing different search-related activities. Subjects' search experience was measured using a modified version of the Search Self-Efficacy scale 9 . There are several rounds of user interactions in a search session. Such one click interface is used in recent image search engine like Google image search. Search queries are then accelerated by using that structure. Both interfaces are stateful  , as most implementations first create an appropriate search structure  , like for example a search tree. A business model for search engines in sponsored search has been discussed by B. Jansen in 17. As for sponsored search  , an overview is given in 15. Advertisers submit creatives and bid on keywords or search queries. Sponsored Search is the problem of finding candidate ads and ranking them for a search engine query. The second search engine http://www.flickr.com/search is a regular keyword search. Hence users may not be able to see all the photographs actually belonging to that cluster. Each keyword search has a unique search ID. The Java applet is started as soon as users click the " classification " button on their search result screen. Publication rights licensed to ACM. 16 showed that a distributed search can outperform a centralized search under certain conditions. However Powell et al. As a search strategy  , A* search enriched by ballooning has been proposed. An evolutionary improvement takes place. 4shows an example of a search for a particular kind of brooch using Boolean full-text search operators. Such a paradigm is common in search literature. Only repeated search at a point makes the uncertainty tend to zero. Next  , we examine whether Google Search personalizes results based on the search results that a user has clicked on. Search-Result-Click History. In contrast  , the search-dominant model captures the case when users' browsing patterns are completely influenced by search engines. They never use a search engine to discover pages. As expected  , the ASR and Search components perform speech recognition and search tasks. In this paper   , we describe a query parser between ASR and Search. After a user inputs " Kyoto " as the keyword for search  , Google returns the initial image search results. Figure 1shows an example of Google image search 1 . Federated text search provides a unified search interface for multiple search engines of distributed text information sources. Section 7 concludes and points out some future research work. Constructing an accurate domain-specific search engine is a hard problem. Our experiments also show that the chemical entity search engine outperforms general purpose search engines as expected. The structural framework of simulated need situa- tions 6 were used to present search tasks. Four search tasks were devised  , each simulating a search intent. Subjects' search experience was measured using a modified version of the Search Self-Efficacy scale 13 . Combinatorial block designs have been employed as a method for substituting search keys. Substituted search keys require less space than an encrypted search key. NN-search is a common way to implement similarity search. An online demonstration of the search capabilities of the system is available at http://simulant.ethz.ch/Chariot/. In addition  , it allows an incremental search. The repository structure includes a search engine  , which is used to search the contents of the repository. 2 SARM search engine. How many is counted by the docCount rela- tionship  , which relates a search set to a number  , an atomic concept below Number. A document record may be in many search sets  , and a search set may have many document records. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. In practice  , it is closer to a depth-first search with some backtracking than to a breadth-first search. When a user submits a query to a search engine through a Web browser  , the search engine returns search results corresponding to the query. Figure 1 shows an overview of our system. Definition: A labeled dataset is a collection of search goals associated with success labels. Definition: A search trail is an ordered sequence of actions performed by the user during a search goal. It is hoped that the combination of these features will allow the user to accomplish a search task more easily and also to leverage the serendipity involved in their search. In a nutshell  , ViGOR is designed to provide facilities for the organisation of a search task into groups to visualise a search task  , re-organisation of search results between groups  , and preservation of valuable search results. for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. Thus solving the graph search problem in We performed a temporal search by submitting a temporal query to the news archive search engine http://www.newslibrary.com. time criteria. We also applied and evaluated advanced search options. The search engine can be activated in different modes applying three different search types  , namely  , Automatic Query Expansion auto  , Interactive Query Expansion semi  , and a regular search without query expansion none. The Document search task is to search for messages regarding to a topic. We participated in both the Document Search task and Expert Search Task at the Enterprise Track of Trec 2007. Most of the techniques to perform text search fall into two categories. Even the proximity of one search string found within a specified number of words to another search string increases the probability of correlation between the search strings. – Search engine : Apache Lucene is a free  , full-text search engine library. When users press the search button  , UC will search in the Lucene indexed documents  , not in the XML files or the database. Presumably  , had it known the search context or search workflow  , it could have provided more useful and focused information. A search engine can only estimate the user's intentions based on the search terms used and assuming " an average user " . Search Pad is automatically triggered at query time when a search mission is identified. As such  , Search Pad represents the ideal application for us to verify our claim that identifying and using search missions is valuable to users. A randomly chosen anonymous set of people doing search on the W3C website are presented with the W3C Semantic Search instead of the regular search results. This test is being done with W3C Semantic Search. At present  , we provide two search modes: quick search  , which takes free text queries  , and advanced search  , which takes more complex predicates. A major function of the web access module is search. Search engines are widely used tool for querying unstructured data  , but there is a growing interest in incorporating structured information behind the "simple" search interface. Connections is composed of two main parts: context building and search. Connec- tions3  is a local file search tool that departs from the traditional desktop search paradigm to incorporate these contextual relationships in search results. The terms identified are then ANDed to the previous search query to narrow the search. When many records are retrieved in a search more than 40  , formula 2 is used to identify the terms to use for reformulating the search. Most of these present a feed search service in conjunction with blog post searching and some are closely integrated with feed reading services. Several commercial blog search engines exist blogsearch.google.com  , search.live.com/feeds  , bloglines.com/search  , technorati.com/search. Another search paradigm for the LOD is faceted search/browsing systems  , which provide facets categories for interactive search and browsing 4 . There is a need to investigate search problems on WoD. All queries within a search session were assigned the same classification. search facility  , a library search engine or a newswire retrieval system. ACM 978-1-59593-597-7/07/0007. But performance is a problem if dimensionality is high. For the third type  , a painted sketch is drawn to represent the shapes of objects in the desired images  , for example  , an online similar image search engine  , similar image search 2   , presents such a technique. As an application of the second type  , an example image is selected among the search results from textual keywords  , and then the results are reranked  , and such search functions are released in " show similar images " from Microsoft Bing image search  , and " similar image search " from Google image search. Then an agent will search through all available journals and conferences i.e. For pro-active search  , the user can explicitly specify a depth search criterion  , like the name of a known author  , a topic of interest or a temporal range. extending keyword search with a creation or update date of documents. Time-dependent synonyms will be used for a temporal search  , or a search taking into account a temporal dimension  , i.e. For example  , Croft and Harper 1979 showed that a cluster search can retrieve relevant documents in many cases when a search based on a probabilistic model fails. A number of studies have indicated the potential usefulness of alternative search strategies. A search session is a sequence of user activities that begin with a query  , includes subsequent queries and URL visits  , and ends with a period of inactivity. We now compare SI-Backward search with the MI- Backward search on a larger workload of 200 queries consisting of 2-7 keywords. Table 5 showed SI-Backward search significantly outperforms MI-Backward search on the sample queries. For example  , when students conducted a search  , the system log included information about the time when the search is conducted  , the search terms used  , the search hits found  , and the collection that was searched. Second  , students' online activities were logged. Our search guide tool displays the search trails from three users who completed the same task. We study user interaction with a search assistance tool we refer to as the search guide SG. The subweb definition corresponding to the search topic is used to rerank the search results obtained from a search engine. Alternatively  , the topic of the query may be implicity inferred from the search entry point. Search sessions comprised queries  , clicks on search results  , and pages visited during navigation once users left the search engine. these logs  , we extracted search sessions on Google  , Yahoo! , and Bing via a similar methodology to White and Drucker 22 .  A federated search function was added to allow users search for appropriate objects in more LORs like Merlot  , SMETE and EdNa. Users can refine their search terms provided at the advanced search functions. By examining the queries with type document search we found that the average length of a query is 3.85 terms. Equally popular was advanced search where it was found that 38% of the document search used the advanced search box. As a special case  , when no semantic information is available  , C-Search reduces to syntactic search  , i.e. , results produced by C-Search and syntactic search are the same. In addition to the query-term most collections permit the specification of search concepts to limit the search to a certain concept. Search interfaces of specialized Web-Collections offer individual search options to facilitate access to their documents. In quick search  , users key in search terms in a textbox  , whereas in advanced search they may limit the search also by the type of literature fiction – non-fiction  , author  , title  , keywords  , or other bibliographic information. Searching starts with querying. Standard text search features are also available  , such as scoring and ranking of search results as well as thesaurus-based synonym search. Text search in specific parts of the documents is a critical feature for many applications. After reading the returned search results  , the searcher might realize his inappropriate choices  , correct them  , and redo the search. 3 When the searcher could not find desired search results in a single pass  , he usually resorted to iterative search. For finding meta-index entries that contain terms of interest to the user  , the Search Meta-Index page provides a search engine that allows users to drill down on search results through three views. Search Meta-Index. After every search iteration  , we decide the actions for the search engine agent. For all a ∈ Ase  , we write the search engine's Q-function  , which represents the search engine agent's long term reward  , as: We distributed GOV2 across four leaf search engines and used an aggregate engine to combine search results. In our previous work 2  , we presented a search engine architecture for an efficient Terabyte search engine. Instead of displaying the photographs on the map  , Flickr lists them sequentially across multiple search results pages see Fig. This was so we could examine the effects across different search tasks. The search tasks they were asked to carry out were: a simple and complex known-item search tasks  , and an exploratory search task. Unlike classical search methods  , personalised search systems use personal data about a user to tailor search results to the specific user. Recently  , search personalisation has attracted increasing attention 1  , 3  , 5  , 8  , 9. On the one hand  , such pattern restriction is not unique in entity search. As a remark  , we contrast our usage of patterns in entity search with its counterparts in document search e.g  , current search engines . Since most of the resources search engines generally search local content  , we use this API for each test query along with the search site option. This API provides a " search site " option. A step in the direction of understanding the search context is the new " Yahoo Mindset " experimental search service 10 . When a category is selected from the category search view  , the concept search is restricted to the concepts belonging to the selected category. To support category-based concept search in the ONKI SKOS Browser  , another search field is provided. The results were substantially better than either search engine provided no " search engine " performed really poorly. The model of score distributions was used to combine the results from different search engines to produce a meta-search engine. Search sessions ended after a period of user inactivity exceeding 30 minutes. Since they do not intervene in the workings of the search engine  , they can be applied to any search engine. they is not limited to a specific search engine or search method. It has some similarity with traditional text search  , but it also has some features that are different from normal text search. Microblog search is a special kind of text search. Some of the most important features of the system include:  Three levels of search Users can select from basic search  , advanced search  , or expert search mode. The system contains a superset of the documents used in the Legal track. spelling corrections  , related searches  , etc. Page views included query submission  , search result clicks  , navigation beyond the search results page originating from clicks on links in a search result  , and clicks on other search engine features e.g. The final Point Of Interest was obtained by searching the individual ID that was the searched Point Of Interest with the spatial search to the RDF triple Step 5. A more direct indicator of user interest is search terms entered into search engines or the search fields of other websites . Although this simple method cannot detect all search fields some custom search fields use POST to submit terms  , all major search engines are supported. For example  , a UI search pattern is composed of a text field for entering search criteria  , a submit button for triggering the search functionality  , and a table for displaying the search results. A UI design pattern describes a single unit of functionality delivered through a group of UI widgets 3. Ultimately  , interaction with search interface features can transform and facilitate search actions that enable search tasks to be addressed. Also  , as a result of the rich support on the Search Friend II interface  , these higher-level search activities were also exhibited on the known-item search tasks. The main idea is to keep the same machinery which has made syntactic search so successful  , but to modify it so that  , whenever possible  , syntactic search is substituted by semantic search  , thus improving the system performance. In this paper we propose a novel approach called Concept Search C-Search in short which extends syntactic search with semantics. Our work spans several areas of modeling searcher behavior  , including analyzing search log to understand variances in user behavior  , evaluating search engine performance  , conducting online study using crowd-sourcing approach  , and predicting search success and frustration. While these metrics provide a good estimate of the quality of the search results  , and in turn have been shown to correspond to search effectiveness of users  , these do not take into account the search success of a specific user for a session. Aggregated search can be compared to federated search 18 also known as distributed information retrieval  , which deals with merging result rankings from different search engines into one single ranking list. Aggregated and Federated Search Aggregated search is the task of searching and assembling information from a variety of resources or verticals and placing it into a single interface 4  , 24 . i demographics and expertise ii search tasks iii search functionality and iv open ended questions on search system requirements. It would appear that patent searchers prefer search functionality which provides a high degree of control and precision for accomplishing their search tasks  , and they are willing to spend a lot of time and effort in constructing requests and examining documents. While Broder treated search intents as relatively short-term activities 10  , Marchionini's classification included long-term search activities such as learn and investigate  , and he argued that exploratory searches were searches pertinent to the learn and investigate search activi- ties. Marchionini proposed a boarder classification schema for search intents  , and introduced a concept of exploratory search 26. In comparison  , our work focuses specifically on task-oriented search  , and ignores other types of search such as browsing different attributes of an object  , which allows us to take the advantage of existing procedural knowledge to more reliably support search tasks when compared to the use of general search logs. 20  , 21 studied the complex search task  , a search behavior that is usually applied to task-oriented search  , using search queries. To help image search  , query formulation is required not only to be convenient and effective to indicate the search goal clearly  , but also to be easily interpreted and exploited for the image search engine. Image search engines often present a query interface to allow users to submit a query in some forms  , e.g. , textual input  , or visual input  , to indicate the search goal. Typically sponsored search results resemble search result snippets in that they have a title  , and a small amount of additional text  , as in Figure 1. Sponsored search is the task of placing ads that relate to the user's query on the same page as the search results returned by the search engine. The simple search resembles a Google-type search  , and is designed to provide an easy entry into the service. Users of MusicAustralia can search at two different levels: a simple search across all creator  , title  , subject and date fields  , and an advanced search of specific fields. For the CI4OOI collection Figure 5b the bottom-up search does significantly better than the serial search at the low E end of performance. However the bottom-up search does perform at least as well as the serial search  , which is a very good result for a clustered search. There was a strong positive correlation between the termconsistency and the proportion of descriptors among search terms rs = 0.598; p = 0.0009. There was a strong negative correlation between the intersearcher term-consistency and the number of search terms per search request rs = -0.663; p = 0.0002 and also between the term-consistency and the number of search terms per search concept rs = -0.728; p = 0.0001. The search procedure performs beam search using classification accuracy of the N k as a heuristic function . CN2 consists of two main procedures: the search procedure that performs beam search in order to find a single rule and the control procedure that repeatedly executes the search. There exists rich research on search in social media community   , such as friend suggestion user search  , image tagging tag search and personalized image search image search. Our work in this paper contributes by studying not only holistically exploring interaction or consensus among all the entities  , but also integrating all the social media search applications in a unified framework. Each subtask consists of a frequent itemset and a combine set  , and the associated search space is traversed in depth-first order using a back-tracking search. The entire search task is broken down into independent subtasks using equivalence classes. Different from traditional text search whose document length is in a wide range  , a tweet contains at most 140 characters. SECC provides a socialized search function by implementing a userfriendly online chat interface for users who share similar search queries. In this ar-ticle  , we present a novel demo Search Engine with dynamically established live Chat Channels SECC. Because a vertical selection system and its target verticals are operated by a common entity e.g. , search engine company  , we assume access to vertical querylogs . Second  , some verticals have a search interface through which users directly search for vertical content. The search node is dis-played as a textbox for full text search. The only difference is that the user has the option of creating a text search within a particular node. We assume a " pay-per-click " pricing model  , in which the advertiser pays a fee to the search provider whenever a user clicks on an advertisement. In sponsored search  , a user makes a query for certain keywords in a search engine and is presented with a list of relevant advertisements in addition to organic search results. We plot the distribution of search ranking among sites in Figure 3c. Search Page Rankings: The search result ranking of a site represents a site's popularity  , as captured by a multitude of factors including page rank and query relevance. This system provides a dynamic and automated faceted search interface for users to browse the articles that are the result of a keyword search query. In this paper we proposed Facetedpedia  , a faceted search system over Wikipedia. Recommendation pages include various lists of books and recommendations with links. Users enter substantially fewer queries during a search session when they are more familiar with a topic. Users of search systems in the biomedical domain differ in their searching behavior depending on their prior familiarity with a search topic. The searching contains -a subject oriented browsing -a search for authors  , titles and other relevant bibliographic information -a subject oriented search in different information resources. The user has one single entry point to start of his information search. We can estimate a grouping's search accuracy through simulation using training data. Since a better feature grouping should yield higher search accuracy  , we define the fitness function of a feature grouping as its search accuracy. Condition 2 Search time ratio: The time of search within each consequent search disc is greater than the time of search within the previous search disc. Consequently  , a fast robot might finish covering the next search disc before the slow robot finished searching in the previous disc  , thus  , for H-MRSTM  , condition 1 does not suffice  , and the following condition complements it. To generate these search results  , the queries were submitted and logged through our proxy server  , which then retrieved and logged the search engine responses and displayed them to the user in the original format. Search tasks formed reflect the following typical search tactics in fiction searching: known author/title search  , topical search  , open-ended browsing  , search by analogy and searching without conducting a query. The remaining three search tasks reflect the idea of individual information needs as the participants were asked to proceed according to their personal preferences. We emphasize that a pre-search context  , by definition  , is just prior to the search but does not necessarily trigger it. It is clear that pre-search context is very different from user search history or search session context  , which are explored by many previous studies for understanding search intent. After each search task  , our participants were asked to complete a questionnaire eliciting their perceptions on how useful  , helpful and important the search features were during the search task. This means despite the fact that some search features were perceived as more or less useful for certain search tasks  , this trend was not apparent for all search tasks. What this means is that though we could not find a relationship between specific search features and specific search tasks  , there was an increase in the number of search support features used as the search task became more complex and exploratory. But  , there were significant differences in the total usage of search interface features for each search task total: F 3 ,23 = 4.334  , p = .049. In a related result  , Croft 1980 showed that a certain type of cluster search can be more effective than a conventional search when the user wants high-precision results. A crucial aspect of faceted search is the design of a user interface  , which offers these capabilities in an intuitive way. Faceted Search or Faceted Browsing is increasingly used in search applications  , and many websites already feature some sort of faceted search to improve the precision of their website search results. However  , these approaches usually consider each user's search history as a whole  , without analysing it into its inherent search behaviors. To the best of our knowledge  , the majority of previous works aim either at building a search model per user or at building common search models for users with similar search interests. The search engine then returns an initial list of documents obtained using the classical keyword based search method. Similar to that of a traditional search engine  , a user submits a query consisting of keywords to the system. Clearly  , sponsored search is useful for search engines since it is a source of revenue for them. Under the pay-per-click mechanism  , search engines get paid every time a user clicks on a displayed ad. In the case of a physician  , the search is performed on technical article collections  , which include medical research publications. During search  , our distributed search component accesses different databases depending on whether the user is a lay person or a physician. By subdividing the costs for each alternative into history and future costs  , A* search is able to compare the possibly unfinished plans with each other.   , along with predictive text and auto-complete capabilities. A feature many felt was lacking was a " smart search technology that can predict a user's intended search query when he misspells something  , like the Google search engine's 'Did you mean ? " Moreover  , MindFinder also enables users to tag during the interactive search  , which makes it possible to bridge the semantic gap. By contrast with the RI and CSTR digital libraries  , CSBIB documents are primarily bibliographic records  , rather than full text documents. The CSTR has two search options: the simple search a ranked search  , and the advanced search offering a choice between ranked or Boolean  , stemming on/off  , specifying proximity of search terms within the documents  , etc. For the NSDL Science Literacy Maps  , search was defined as any instance of exploration within a map before a node was clicked to view relevant results. For the Google and NSDL General Search interfaces  , participants' online behaviors were defined as search whenever the search interface screen was displayed; in these interfaces  , search mainly consisted of keyword generation and submission. Several meta-search engines exist e.g. , metacrawler 3 and many W eb users build their own meta-search engines. Meta-search is the problem of constructing a meta-search engine  , which u s e s the results of several search engines to produce a collated answer. 6 A similar threshold has been used to demarcate search sessions in previous work on search engine switching 16 and in related studies of user search behavior 20 ,26. From these logs  , we extracted search sessions that began with a query to Google  , Yahoo! , or Live Search and terminated after 30 minutes of browsing inactivity. We have found that the context-based search effectively ranks query outputs  , controls topic diffusion  , and reduces output sizes 1  , 2. For a keyword-based search  , at search time  , a contexts of interest are selected  , and only papers in the selected contexts are involved in the search  , and b search results are ranked separately within contexts. A small number of " search " operations were formulated using more than one search terms combined by Boolean operators 18.49% of which a tiny portion 0.1% were also formulated reusing previously issued result sets. The evaluation of the " search " operation usage and formulation showed that the majority 81.51% of the logged search operations were formulated using only one search term. Their system is a type of meta-search engine and requires users to explicitly select a community before search activities are conducted. In 3   , the authors also developed a collaborative search system named I-SPY. The server sub-session parse the query string into a script consisting of a set of SQL statements and content-based search operators. A query usually involve both meta-data search and image content search. An example of a search criteria and the search polices are as follows by a consumer to the trading system: A detailed list of consumer search and match preferences is given in 7. The 'identifier' request results in a single  , full zetoc record. Search Concept is not fully modelled here  , in addition to Term and Author  , it has conjunctions  , dis- junctions  , and negations as subcortcepts. A search set also has a serial number and a search expression. Single query searches have a " look-up " character. Any search session that cannot be categorized as either a re-finding or an exploratory search session is defined as a single query search for the purpose of this study. Searches use token adjacency indexes to find sequences of tokens a phrase search instead of just a word search. Essie is a concept-based search engine for structured biomedical text. It is a public web statistics  , based on Google Search  , that shows how often a particular search term is entered relative to the total search-volume. 1 Google Trends 2 is a similar resource we can resort to. Both start with a zero recall search " helicopter volitation spare parts cheap " . Top PZR search trail is done by a novice user whereas the lower PZR search trail is done by a power user. Search by location: A search by location identifies a place and for that place all available time periods events for that location. A search by location could be limited specified by time and category time period type classification. On the contrary a negative search model will produce a subset of answers. -the search on signatures is not exact due to the collision problem  , so we obtain a superset of answers for disjunctive or conjunctive search models. We prepare the experimental data from a search log of a major commercial search engine. For each example  , a judge is asked to infer the user's search intent based on qt as well as the context c. Then , The entire search log is collected and stored by a single entity  , such as a search engine company. All current search log mining and anonymization models we know of are based on a centralized approach. After a period of usage  , the server side will accumulate a collection of clickthrough data  , which records the search history of Web users. Consider the typical search scenario: a user submits a query to a search engine  , the search engine returns a list of ranked Web pages  , then the user clicks on the pages of interest. A mission is terminated when the query of a new search does not share any words with the previous ones. The two essential parts are summarized in Figure 3. This hierarchical search strategy is enhanced by using a boolean query combination of a query from the hierarchy  , a keyword search  , a title search and a search with a term based on the case topic type. We hypothesized that if users could first browse to a potentially relevant sub-node in a large directory   , results from a search in the sub-directory would be more precise than results from a search in the entire directory . Others discuss how different forms of context and search activity may be used to cast search behavior as a prediction problem 5  represented search context within a session by modeling the sequence of user queries and clicks. Recent investigations that employ a user's search and browse actions to influence search personalization include those based on: a user's location 1  , a user's history of search activity 25  , the ability of a user to read at differing levels of complexity 8 and patterns of re-finding the same search result 31. A keyword query can be submitted to a search engine through many applications communicating with the search engine. To perform a search  , a keyword query is often submitted to a search engine and the latter returns the documents most relevant to the query. In doing a search  , a user accomplishes a variety of specific tasks: defining the topic of the search  , selecting appropriate search vocabulary  , issuing commands or selecting menu choices  , viewing retrieved information and making judgments about its relevance or usefulness. It seems a reasonable assumption that the influence of perceptual speed on search performance occurs primarily in a small number of tasks. Trails must contain pages that are either: search result pages  , search engine homepages  , or pages connected to a search result page via a sequence of clicked hyperlinks. After originating with a query submission to a search engine  , trails proceed until a point of termination where it is assumed that the user has completed their information-seeking activity. A search within this structure is faster than a naive search as long as the number of examined nodes is bounded using a fast approximate search procedure. A standard approach to optimize search and query in the vocabulary is to maintain a tree-based data structure 17– 19. In this scenario  , teleportation is also generally performed via visits to a search engine and a user is more likely to " teleport " to a related or similar page instead of a random page in a search session. Then  , if the search task did not end  , it is followed by another possibly related/refined query to the search engine. The aforementioned three types of image search schemes all suffer from a limitation that it is incapable of search images with spatial requirements of desired objects. We propose a novel image search interface to enable users to intuitively input a concept map by typing textual concepts in a blank canvas to formulate the search goal. Each UI screen or webpage implements several UI design patterns. Immediately below the text search box  , is a search history pull down menu  , which gives a list of the text queries previously executed by the user. The search box and button  , allowing the user to enter a textual query and start a search 3. Since the path down the tree is controlled by the nodes that are popped from the heap  , the search is neither a true depth.first nor a true breadth·first search of the hierarchy. The cooccurrence of system acceptable search words produces an overlapping or part identity of the extensions of these search words. Somewhat oversimplified  , by the "extension of a search word" with regard to a file is meant the list of documents or specified document parts in which a system acceptable search word a freetext word or descriptor occurs or has been applied. For both tasks  , we use browsing-search pairs to evaluate . We evaluate our model in two search tasks to demonstrate its effectiveness for search intent prediction: 1 query prediction aims to predict what a user is going to search i.e. , her query with the awareness of the pre-search context i.e. , after browsing a webpage; 2 query auto-completion aims to suggest queries after a user browses a webpage and enters several prefix characters of a new query. Because most search engines only index a certain portion of each website  , the recall rate of these searches is very low  , and sometimes even no documents are returned. Among the popular commercial search engines  , only a few offer the search option to limit a search session to a specified website. Alternatively  , we also propose a method that optimizes the naive search when the feature descriptors are normalized. The work is motivated jointly by a need to have search logs available to researchers outside of large search companies and a need to instill trust in the users that provide search data. We presented a novel framework for collecting  , storing  , and mining search logs in a distributed  , private  , and anonymous manner called CrowdLogging. We formulate the search for a grasp as a sensor-space search over the object surface  , rather than a search through the robot configuration space or its coordinate system. The grasp synthesis procedure can be viewed as a search procedure ll. This tool enables interactive narrowing of search result sets. A recent example where a major search engine started to incorporate query refinement in its search application is AltaVista's Prisma TM tool 1. Some of the search engines such as AltaVista 12  allow limiting the search to a specific category. The a priori assignment of search engines to domains is performed offline. When possible  , the local proxy is equipped with a large local store which the client can locally search. The local proxy redirects the user to the expanded search interface when a search engine is requested. There are also approaches that cluster search results 1 which can help users dive into a topic. A step in the direction of exploratory search is query suggestion where the search engine recommends related queries. Given a document corpus  , a traditional search query would " simply " return all documents relevant to the search terms. Our particular interest in this paper is on event-centric search and exploration tasks. The emergence of the web as the world's dominant information environment has created a surge of interest in search  , and consequently important advances in search technology. The proliferation of information available on the web makes search a critical application. A post-search questionnaire was filled out after the search  , and an exit interview after the experiment was conducted. An entry questionnaire and a pre-search questionnaire were administered before the experiment. In general  , the most frequently chosen option was subject search  , followed by keyword search using index term one word only. These subjects were asked to perform a search for documents within a subject area of their own choosing. Several recent studies have suggested that using a better search system may not always lead to improvements in search outcomes. Subjects provided demographic information and information about prior search experience and attitudes in a preexperiment questionnaire. Therefore  , the learned estimator is not limited to a specific search engine or a search method. This can be done by submitting each sub-query independently to the search engine. As defined by prior research  , selective search has several non-deterministic steps. A selective search architecture reduces search costs by organizing a large corpus into topical index shards and searching only the most likely shards for each query. Hiding these vertical results from view until the searcher is ready to use them might lead to a better search experience. Here a search for information retrieval experts can be refined to only show experts located in Glasgow  , with further refinement possible. Random search techniques  , on the other hand  , are probabilistically complete but may take a long time to find a solution 12 . Enumerative search techniques are very inefficient as the search space becomes too large to explore. We may implement more advanced search capabilities in the future – for example  , limiting a search to a particular index  , such as sample records or setDescriptions. Right-hand truncation of search terms is also enabled by default. The search box remains unchanged from other systems at this point. The second column  , the Search section  , contains three sub sections: one devoted to entering a query  , one to displaying results and a third to displaying history of search activities. These are then returned as a list of resources that best matches the users' queries. In a classic search engine  , the users enter their search terms and then request the system to search for matching results. It incorporates keyword search as well as search for concepts and displays possible MWE expansions. As a demonstrator for contextualized corpora  , we have created a semantic search demo based on Apache Solr and PHP. Semantics-based approaches  , in general  , allow to reach a higher precision but lower recall 11. F ocus is an ambiguous search term on YouTube and does not commonly relate to the artist Focus. – Example Search Terms: " Focus " – Description: A user wants to search YouTube for videos relating to a specific music artist. However  , the search term M etallica returns many unrelated results 7 . – Example Search Terms: " Metallica " – Description: A user wants to search Flickr for images relating to a specific music artist. Modern search engines log a large number of user behavioral signals to improve and evaluate their effectiveness. Dupret and Lalmas 17 use times between search engine visits to compare two versions of a search engine. A major advantage of document navigation in virtual documents is the ability to search for text in the contents of the document. To construct a valid execution for debugging  , search-based techniques usually use the best-effort exhaustive state space search. Search-based techniques emphasize reduced record cost  , thereby their recorded information is typically incomplete for a faithful replay. Figure 2illustrates how the user reranks search results in the publication search result according to the number of citing counts. Similarly  , a user can sort search results according to a selected numerical attribute. However  , because of using a single iterator as above  , Bidirectional search does not generate multiple trees with the same root ,unlike Backward search. Using a single iterator reduces the cost of search significantly. Twenty links were the result of a search for ethnomathematics with the National Science Digital Library search engine  , and twenty were the results of a search with Google. All subjects were presented with the same 40 links. These criteria are: The middle part of the screen displays the search result. First we have a search bar where the user can specify a set of search criteria. In a Recursive search  , on the other hand  , clients delegate control to other servers-this is illustrated in Fig- ure 4. In an Iterative search  , a client keeps control of the entire search. This paper presents a novel session search framework  , winwin search  , that uses a dual-agent stochastic game to model the interactions between user and search engine. The experiments on TREC The data was provided via a widely available mobile search and navigation application installed on the iPhone and Android platforms. We collected datasets of location and search activities of users with consent via logs of a major mobile search provider. This definition reflects the hidden nature of triggering relations between pre-search context and searches in a realworld setting. The free search was performed by search experts only librarians and professors. The methodology for gathering the criteria uses two instruments  , a free search based on some example tasks and a questionnaire. A search concept was defined as a unit of information that represents an elementary class e.g. Thus different truncations of the same search term were also considered different search terms. This user interface can be extended to implement more elaborate search commands. Since this is a very simplified example  , the search term given is used for a full text search in the whole OPAC database. A search set is the set of document records found at evaluation of a search expression. The equivalent of the entity-relationship diagram in figureshows the relationship of document records to search sets. However for narrower tasks  , a conventional tabbed search interface would appear to be better. The initial results presented here suggest that a faceted search interface can improve the degree of exploration in broad search tasks. The performance conditions are shown in For each search result viewed  , subjects were asked two questions: The product of a search task can be factual or intellectual and the goal of a search task can be either specific or amorphous. 2 investigate two facets of search tasks: product and goal. Pincer- Search 4 uses a bottom-up search along with top-down pruning. Max-Miner 2 uses a heuristic bottom-up search to identify frequent patterns as early as possible. 3  , we show how a combination of text-search followed by visual-search achieves this goal. In Fig. Knowledge of a particular user's interests and search context has been used to improve search. Interest Modelling. 14 is a non-trivial task because it needs to search over all possible ranking combinations . Stack Search Maximizing Eq. The existing Cranfield style evaluation 11 is less appropriate in local search. Evaluating local search is a challenging problem. We have implemented a shape search engine that uses autotagging . Figure 4shows the user interface of our search engine. as in Table 1  , represent a broader  , less structured category of search behavior. However  , intrinsically diverse search sessions  , e.g. The cost function used during this search uses the following factors: 1. A' search is used to generate these paths. Hence  , each expert's pseudo-document is indexed by a search engine for efficient querying and access. search functionality. It requires formulation of the search in the space of relational database queries. Relational feature generation is a search problem. A depthfirst search strategy has two major advantages. However  , a pipelined execution of a query can be obtained by a depth-first search traversal of the DBGraph. The integrated search is achieved by generating integrated indices for Web and TV content based on vector space model and by computing similarity between the query and all the content described by the indices. In this paper  , as a first step towards developing such nextgeneration search engine  , a prototype search system for Web and TV programs is developed that performs integrated search of those content  , and that allows chain search where related content can be accessed from each search result. For each static search session  , whole-session level relevance judgments are provided in the datasets: annotators judged documents regarding whether or not they are relevant to the topic or task underlying the search session instead of an individual query. Question 4 presented a mimic search box and asked the subject to input an appropriate query into the search box to find documents relevant to the search intent presented in Question 3. Having presented the positive and negative document sets  , we asked him/her Question 3 to obtain a verbalized search intent so that we would know how the subject perceived the search intent conveyed by examples  , which was used to validate to what extent the subject could clearly understand the search intent. The CSTR search interface is based solely on keyword searching; no bibliographic records are provided by the sites from which the documents are harvested  , and  , unlike the RI system  , CSTR does not parse documents to automatically extract bibliographic details. C-Search can be positioned anywhere in the semantic continuum with syntactic search being its base case  , and semantic search being the optimal solution  , at the moment beyond the available technology. The three-dimensional space contained in the cube see Figure 2 represents the semantic continuum where the origin 0 ,0 ,0 is a purely syntactic search  , the point with coordinates 1 ,1 ,1 is a fully semantic search  , and all points in between represent search approaches in which semantics is enabled to different extents. The search space is all possible poses within The " center-of-mass " search designated in this paper as C similarly divides the search space into pose cells  , but picks a random pose within each pose cell and uses those random poses to compute a set of match scores that are distributed throughout the search space. For the brand related searches  , we identified the most salient brand associated with each advertisement and define a brand search either target or control as a search that includes the brand name. Finally  , there is growing concern about the fact that the world is dependent on a few quasi-monopolistic search engines. Third  , a distributed P2P search system is more robust than a centralized search system as the failure of a single server is unlikely to paralyze the entire search system. However  , local search may also return other entity types including sights and " points-of-interest " . As a result  , a local search produces a ranked list of entities from a local search business database; for ease of notation  , we will refer to these entities as businesses in the following  , as these are the most common form of local search results. 1 Sponsored search refers to the practice of displaying ads alongside search results whenever a user issues a query. Online advertising spend exceeded $100 billion for the first time in 2012  , with a significant fraction going to advertising on search engines  , a segment known as sponsored search. some users ask navigational query in the current search engine to open a new one. For some search sessions  , the fact of switching can be easily detected  , for instance via a web browser maintained by a search engine  , a browser toolbar or search logs e.g. Search for information online through general or dedicated search engines becomes a part of our daily life. Caching search results enables a search solution to reduce costs by reusing the search effort. Indeed  , it has been widely reported that queries have a zipfian distribution and individual queries are temporally clustered 29. When applying a table search query  , end-users will receive a flood of unwanted and sometimes unsolicited results from them. However  , current search engines do not support the table search. From there  , Safe Browsing shows a browser interstitial and emails WHOIS admins  , while both Safe Browsing and Search Quality flag URLs in Google Search with a warning message . Safe Browsing and Search Quality each detect and flag hijacked websites . For instance  , in federated search the same query is issued on multiple search engines and the results merged using a utility function 35. Search rankings can come from a number of sources. Hummingbird SearchServer 1 is a toolkit for developing enterprise search and retrieval applications. a known-item search task  , or find key resource pages for broad topics  , and terabyte retrieval ad hoc search on terabyte scales. Therefore  , we used a distributed search framework in order to simulate a single search index. However   , our search engine Juru  , at the time of experimentation  , was not able to index the entire collection into one single index in reasonable time. After a search was done  , the documents found were labeled with the tag of the corresponding search used. Within a project  , searchers were allowed to create tags to label different search methods. To answer this question  , we compare users' search behavior in the initial query of a session with that in subsequent query reformulations. How do search behaviors of users change in a search session ? When a user starts a search task  , the search engine receives the input queries and return search results by HTTP request. All modules and related technical information are illustrated in Figure 5. The engine returns a search result list. In the first step  , the original search query text is submitted to a search engine API and request for N returned documents. Alternatively  , search results from a generic search engine can also be used  , where similarity between retrieved pages can be measured instead. A pairwise feature between two queries could be the similarity of their search results. Search trails are represented as temporally-ordered URL sequences. Trails start with a search engine query which also includes the SERP followed by a click on one of the search engine results trail origin. Identifying user intent 1 behind search queries plays a crucial role in providing a better search experience 16  , 29  , 28. Experimental timing results show that the method can be incorporated into existing search engine technology 8  , 5. Knowledge of user search patterns on a search system can be used to improve search performance. We analyze a multi-million P2P query log and highlight the differences between it and Web query logs. Since our ranking models use context features  , we extract the search sessions with more than one query. Each search record contains the user query  , a transaction time stamp  , a session identifier and URLs visited by the user. The search log data used in our experiments are obtained from the Intranet search engines of Essex and OU . However  , this comes at the cost of more expensive memory accesses. The larger threshold on states generated within each local weighted A* search allows for the search to search longer before a state is deemed as an AVOID state. Egomath is a text-based math search engine on Wikipedia. Wikipedia Search is a search engine built in Wikipedia  , and it can be used to locate content on Wikipedia based on plain text retrieval techniques. We do this in an automatic way by detecting named entities that can represent temporal queries for performing temporal search experiments. To perform a temporal search  , we must identify temporal queries used for a search task. After completing queries  , participants reported their familiarity with each search topic on a 5-point Likert scale. For each item participants were given a brief summary and asked to provide up to five search queries to search for similar items. Development of a universal chemical search engine  , that could search by both text and substructures  , is a challenging problem. According to rough estimates Deep Web is much larger than the web content  , indexed by search engines.  A Fact Base which stores the intermediate search results and information needed to select the next search strategy. It has the following components:  A Knowledge Base of search strategies in the form of rules specified in JESS script. It utilizes a heuristic to focus the search towards the most promising areas of the search space. A* search is one of the most popular methods for this problem 1. From the desktop to the internet  , through enterprise intranets  , the search " giants " are engaged in a fight for control of the search infrastructure. Search is ubiquitous and is considered a fundamental feature of any computing platform. This was due to problems with the data  , especially the lack of exhaustive relevance judgements. This creates a noisy behavioral signal  , and importantly  , a challenge for analyzing search behavior  , especially long-term behavior that has utility in many applications  , such as search personalization 37. Different people may use the shared machine at different times  , but to a remote observer all activity is associated with a single identifier  , and people's search behaviors will be intertwined in search logs. Correspondingly  , a looser classification threshold increases search efficiency with the possibility of hurting search accuracy. In theory  , a tighter classification threshold causes more queries to be issued as uncharacteristic queries with a large search radius  , which results in lower search efficiency but can reach a higher percentage of the hubs. In this paper  , we propose a novel image search system  , which presents a novel interface to enable users to intuitively indicate the search goal by formulating the query in a visual manner  , i.e. , explicitly indicating where the concepts should appear. Selecting a good example image that exactly accords with the search intention does not improve the search results significantly. More formally  , if S is a random variable representing a search  , and acceptables is an indicator function denoting whether a particular search s has an acceptable result  , we define: A reliable search method would achieve an acceptable search most of the time. A site owner or search engine might collect data similar to the example in Figure 1. movie search. Search engines that provide facilities to search pictures e.g. Keywords have become a serious constraint in searching non-textual media. It uses Indri as the back-end search engine. We built a very simple web-based interactive search system. We build the search system on top of a proprietary platform for vertical search developed in Yahoo!. Setup. Add items to the search engine indices. Search Retrieve a list of items that match the supplied query. Cost of Search: What does an average search query cost and what does a response contain ? These results indicate that a great deal of bandwidth can be saved depending on user search preferences. Precision evaluates a search system based on how relevant the documents highly ranked by the search system are to the query. Recall evaluates a search system based on how highly it ranks the documents that corresponds to ground truth. It provides a basic search grammar  , which can be used for searching  , but a server could also support other grammars as the mechanism is extensible. The WebDAV Search protocol introduces the SEARCH request enabling server-side searching. Figure 2shows two types of search achieved by the proposed method. Search quality is measured by recall. In order to straighten the optimization  , the proposed A' search strategy is enhanced by the subsequently described ballooning com- ponent. Then  , the A' search could possibly degenerate to an almost exhaustive search which leads to unacceptable optimization times. Since KOALA users could not limit their search on video cassettes nor multilingual versions  , they had to check each search result manually see Fig. The task demanded the users to search for a film  , available on a multilingual video cassette. The search results are listed below the search field and are dynamically visualized on the map. In case the user is searching for a particular place  , a tab for federated text search with autocompletion b is also provided. A personalized hybrid search implementing a hotel search service as use case is presented in 24. Additionally  , an user study reveals the acceptance of the Hybrid Search paradigm by end users. The natural complement  , still under the user-centric view  , are unfamiliar places. We call a search in such environments F-search  , and argue that these environments result in a distinct set of information needs and search patterns. For example  , one searcher submitted a query " george boots " and clicked on a Google's Product Search result . This could be due to poor quality of search ads  , or to availability of more promising organic search results. Such scenarios are not uncommon in real life  , exemplified by social search  , medical search  , legal search  , market research  , and literature review. We focus on scenarios where a user requires a high recall of relevant results in addition to high precision. typeahead.js 4 and Bootstrap 3. Federated search has been a hot research topic for a decade. As far as we know  , this is the first work to incorporate the factor of retrieval effectiveness of search engines into the task of federated search. None of the participants looked through more than a couple of search result pages. If a relevant video was located on the first page or so of search results  , then it was selected for viewing; otherwise  , another search was entered. Then the initial query is divided into several queries for different search focus. Based on the kernel terms in initial query and the current search item  , a sub-query is constructed for a specific search focus. The context information of a search activation usually includes: 1. The context o f a search activation is that information which is dependent on the past and present history of the search. The terms displayed on the screen have two links: a link to search for associable terms and a link to search for associable text. Our system enables users to search for proximate terms. Some said they expected the search engine to narrow the search results. Of these  , the majority of subjects expected that clicking on a vertical tab would display a specific type of search result. These paths are then synthesized using a global search technique in the second phase. The search consists of two phases  , where in the first phase m paths are planned in the joint subspaces using a local search method. The earlier we detect the impossibility  , the more search efforts can be saved. Once we know that the recursive search on a row-maximal pCluster cannot lead to a maximal pCluster  , the recursive search thus can be pruned. A number of universities are also recording lectures and seminars  , with the aim of providing online access and search capabilities. For example   , ABC uses a search engine which enables one to search some specific text that appeared in ABC news. Such a search-driven approach achieves extensibility by exploring evaluators rather than static pairwise rules. Finding the closest mapping thus naturally becomes a search problem -to search for the ranges expressible in the target form that minimally cover the source. In that way  , a search system will retrieve documents according to both text and temporal criteria  , e.g. , temporal text-containment search 13. extending keyword search with a creation or update date of documents. As seen in the table  , there is a significant interest in searching for author names with 37% of the search requests targeting the authors index. After the search button is clicked  , search results are displayed in the results panel in a ranked list according to relevance. A search field above the results panel is used to perform keyword searches. One potential reason for shortcomings of ontological search is that MeSH was used as a primary hierarchy for hyponym extraction . Results of ontological search MEDRUN4 performed better than manual searching but poorer than a normal semantic search. This is regarded as a baseline in this study since current search engines show this source alone in search results. Origin: The first page in the trail after the SERP  , visited by clicking on a search result hyperlink. These distributions were used to map the scores of a search engine to probabilities. Figure 2shows a snipping of the search result from Bing Search page for query " Saving Private Ryan "   , a famous movie. For example  , search engines provide " query suggestion " or " related searches " features. The difference to other engines is mainly in the search result representation . However  , in order to find a paper with a search engine the researcher has to know or guess appropriate search keywords. One solution is search engines like Google  , which make it easy to find papers by author  , title  , or keyword. This search engine recommender SER utilizes that the HTTP referrer information typically contains the search terms keywords of the user KMT00. We developed a new recommender of type – ,+ ,– for users coming from a search engine such as Google. The prototype search interface allows the user to specify query terms such as product names  , and passes them to a search engine selected by the user. example of a sentiment-based search screen and its result pages. Proposed optimization techniques are loop short-circuiting  , heuristic best-place search position and spiral search. We have implemented a matching-based SSD approach combined with a dynamic pyramiding technique and search optimization techniques as proposed in 2. In addition  , a global search technique is also supported. The Matrox Imaging Library in version 6.0 provides a smart search technique that repeatedly halves the search region into smaller and smaller portions. Training users on how to construct queries can improve search behaviour 26. Moreover providing a simple " Google-like " search interface as opposed to a complicated multi-field catalogue search can radically alter user behaviour 27. Therefore  , these desktop tools are starting to reach a much larger user base. This information can be considered as a user profile.  A new characterization of search queries to distinguish between F-search in " familiar " places versus U-search in " unfamiliar " locations  , defined on a per-user basis. The contributions of this paper include the following. The user then browses the returned documents and clicks some of them. When a user submits a query to the search engine  , the search engine returns the user some ranked documents as search results. On each of these pages  , each of the regular search results and links in the data augmenting the search is sent through a redirector which records the search query  , the link and which section of the page the link was on. mobile search offers three distinctive mobile search application platforms: a widget-based Yahoo! As discussed earlier  , Yahoo! It runs alongside the search engine. The Semantic Search application runs as a client of the TAP infrastructure .  Sort By allows users to change the ordering of the displayed search results. Cancel stops a search in progress. This ID is used to identify the result of the classification. Following is a list of the keywords and keyphrases to be used in the mechanized search. c. General search strategy. 25 studied a particular case in session search where the search topics are intrinsically diversified. For instance  , Raman et al. The n-gram proximity search generates a list of named entities as answer candidates. after the n-gram proximity search. This component uses a set of search tecbniques to find collision-free paths in the search space. planner. It uses estimates of the distance to the goal to search efficiently . A* is another common search technique lo. Oracle provides a rich full-text search API that can be used to build information retrieval applications. Search API. Search that was launched in July 2009 and precisely addresses this issue. Search Pad is a feature of Yahoo! Product Search and Bing Shopping. This is a fundamental task in consumer product search engines like Yahoo! In order to tackle graph containment search  , a new methodology is needed. However  , all these methods target traditional graph search. Traiectorv danner. The assumption basically says that previous search results decide query change. This is a drift in search focus. Perform a range search on the B+-tree to find Suppose the time search interval is IS = ta  , ta. 1 . Our study is also related to a large body of previous work on search personalization. Personalized search. Enhanced semantic desktop search provides a search service similar to its web sibling. in the email scenario. have answered search requests based on keyword queries for a long time. Popular search engines like Google or Yahoo! Search Design. one searcher had two search sessions are defined and used in this paper as a user session. Comparing to the unmediated search approaches  , the mediated search has a higher success rate 14. Intermediaries interact with information seekers to clarify their search context and attempt to understand what is important for the information seekers' information need; they then apply their knowledge of the available collections and search knowledge to form their strategic search plans  , and negotiate a set of search results with information seekers. Data which tracked the 'time to click' for each page element showed that while the mean time to click on the search box was 25.8 seconds  , the mode was only 1 second  , suggesting that many users clicked straight into the search box once the front page had been loaded. The data showed that users clicked mainly on the search box presumably to enter a search term and also on the search button presumably to initiate a search. To make sure that all participants see the same SERP in each search task  , we provided a fixed initial query and its corresponding first result page from a popular commercial search engine the same one which provides search logs for each task. All of the search tasks adopted in this study are selected from real-world commercial search logs so that they contain the practical users' search intention some example tasks are shown in Table 1. This further substantiates the finding that search features support as well as impede information seeking 1. In the post-task interviews our participants identified using the search features based on the attributes of the search task they were undertaking  , or as a result of their search habits  , and in some cases as a fallback mechanism when the search box and search results failed to help them find relevant information. While the systems mentioned above have made a number of advances in relation to image search  , there are a number of important differences that make video search much more difficult than image search. While CueFlik allows users to quickly find relevant search results and reuse rules for future searches it does not allow users to organise search results or to maintain old search results and carry out new searches  , unlike ViGOR. We also found a significant difference between the number of queries and documents selected across the different search task queries: differences in how these system features were used amongst our participants across the search tasks. Consider Figure 1a  , which depicts a sample search submitted to a major search engine. Answers community  , lead to a question posted to the community. It worked opposite the various databases during performance of the search. In addition  , a software program which performed a simulation of a search engine was developed. This is essentially a branch-and-bound method. XAP/l's Search Executive uses a simple form of the A* search to find an optimal plan. We proposed a content hole search for community-type content. Furthermore  , we describe a manner in which a content hole search can be performed using Wikipedia. A personalized search is currently missing that takes the interests of a user into account. Usually  , the overall popularity of a resource is used for ranking search results. In response to each query  , the engine returns a search results page. Assume we have a stream of queries submitted to a search engine. World Explorer helps users to search for a location and displays a tag cloud over that location. Flickr provides a search service for tags  , locations and full text. To reduce the amount of " noise " from pages unrelated to the active search task that may pollute our data we introduced some termination activities that we used to determine the end-points of search trails: We seek to promote supported search engine switching operations where users are encouraged to temporarily switch to a different search engine for a query on which it can provide better results than their default search engine. The approach relies on a classifier to suggest the topperforming engine for a given search query  , based on features derived from the query and from the properties of search result pages  , such as titles  , snippets  , and URLs of the top-ranked documents . If only one search term was responsible for the retrieval of the relevant document  , that term was assigned a retrieval weighting of 1; but  , if more than one search term was responsible for the retrieval of a document  , each search term was assigned a proportional retrieval weighting. Each search term that contributed to the retrieval of that document was identified matched in the search statement and the displayed relevant documents and assigned a portion of the weighting of 1. Figure 1 shows a truncated example page of Google Search results for the query " coughs. " In response to a query  , Google Search returns a page of results. A site entry page may have multiple equivalent URLs. A search for " Bob's U2 Site " would be within our scope  , but a search for " U2 Sites " would not. Without such a model  , a search for Hodgkin lymphoma indicating findings is only possible through a search for specific symptoms as e.g. Candidate in a debate with other candidates. If it would be a 1 in any other candidate's search  , it is a 2 in this candidate's search. Search UK as a Federated Search enabler. As a by-product  , we can also report that a version of KBS has been successfully deployed in production on Yahoo ! Clicking on a picture launches the visual similarity search. 2 depicts a typical keywordbased search result  , consisting of three ranked lists put together in a compact representation. Our experiment is designed around a real user search clickthrough log collected from a large scale search engine. A URM for our data set can be built as: A grid search defines a grid over the parameter space. In practice  , parameter values are usually chosen using a grid search approach. A total of twentyfive groups participated in the enterprise track. The track contained two tasks  , a discussion search task and a search-for-experts task. lymph node enlargement   , feeling powerless etc. The proposed method provides:  Simultaneous search for Web and TV contents that match with the given keywords  ,  Search for recorded TV programs that relate to the Web content being browsed  Search for Web content or other TV programs that relate to the TV programs being watched. The most concept-consistent searchers behaved like Fidel's 1984Fidel's    , 1990 conceptualist searchers and usually selected a search strategy where they planned to start their search with fewer search concepts than other searchers. Differences in the selection of search strategies Comparison of the interseascher concept-consistency mean values and the number of search concepts per search request showed a strong and also statistically highly significant negative correlation rs = -0.893; p = 0 ,0001  , see Table 2between them  , The searchers who selected more search concepts per search request achieved lower conceptconsistency mean values than other searchers. To illustrate how a missing category can affect search quality  , consider a category Water Park  , which is currently missing in a local search engine's taxonomy. by human experts may not be consistent with actual queries used by users  , which may affect the search quality for the search engine. Search engines can update their index in batch mode  , incremental mode  , or real-time mode  , according to the freshness requirements for the search results. As a result  , the search result of a query may change accordingly as the corpus of a search engine evolves. These results suggest that certain aspects of the search interface can impact search behavior and also provide a theoretical explanation for this behavior. Subjects that used an interface  , which required more time to enter a query  , entered significantly fewer queries and went to greater depths in the search results list than subjects who used a standard search interface. Their strategies focus on: creating a hierarchical taxonomy using a tree to find representations of generic intents from user queries 15  , examining bias between users' search intent and the query generated in each search session 11  , or investigating query intent when users search for cognitive characteristics in documents 12 . A number of studies 11  , 12  , 15 address the issue of search intent. Even when a search session consists of multiple queries  , the queries are likely unrelated. For this we encode a zero-recall search to alphabet Z and non-zero recall search to alphabet S. Detail page view obtained by click on a search result is converted to V whereas purchases are encoded to P . Search trails are encoded to a string for studying various patterns in the trail. The search results are saved in a cluster map from document ids to sets of cluster names using the search terms as cluster names. the simple search based method  , the found terms are simply used in a new search in an extended set of fields also supplied as a property. The second interface displayed search results in a similar fashion to the baseline  , and provided QE terms Fig 2aon the left-hand pane  , and finally our full interface presents the search results  , and multiple representations of QE terms Fig. The experimental system presented three different interfaces to the user during interaction  , it comprised a baseline interface that resembled the conventional layout of mainstream search engines  , and only provided a search box and 10 search results in a list format. This interface allows users to capture a screenshot of any interface  , enter some query keywords  , and submit the resulting multimodal query to the search engine  , and display the search result in a Web browser. We developed an integrated search interface as a stand-alone Java application to support this multimodal search. But even without considering resource constraints  , quite all the reported systems use a search engine at one step or another. search engine as a mandatory building block : in the setting of a commercial search engine  , the only resource you can afford " for free " is the search engine itself . Our methods also imply a natural way to compare the performance of various search engines. Thus  , the procedure to rank the search engines themselves with respect to a query is as follows: obtain a rank aggregation of the results from various search engines and rank the search engines based on their Kendall or footrule distance to the aggregated ranking. The basic search technique is a form of heuristic search with the state of the search recorded in a task agenda. Figure 5shows a partial search tree for our example constraint  , where the branches correspond to the three derivations in Figures  2  , 3  , and 4. Hence other search mechanisms like random search and exhaustive search would take inordinate time 20. 20 shows that for these parameters the search space for a tree is very large and the problem is essentially a needle-in-a-haystack problem. By using our compression scheme for the whole text  , direct search can be done over each block improving the search time by a factor of 8. Searching is done by first doing a search in the inverted file and then a sequential search in all the selected blocks. Subjects in Group A took extra time to set up their search target before actually beginning the search. However it is clear that subjects in Group A  , who formed their target images before starting the search  , spent a significantly longer time searching than those in Group B. who started their search without forming their target images Figure 7. From there  , users can refine their queries by choosing a picture in the result to submit a new similarity search or to submit a complex search query  , which combines similarity and fielded search. Results are shown in the search page Figure 2b. Similarly  , for personal data search systems  , such as desktop search or personal email search  , often there is only a single user resulting in very small query logs. However  , the effectiveness of such enterprise search systems has significant business implications and even a small improvement can have a positive impact on the organization's business. A strong recovery is defined as user doing a search with non-zero recall on which she clicks on at least one result item after the zero recall search is done. User is defined to have weak recovered or just recovered if she does a search with non zero recall after the zero-recall search. By comparing the retrieved documents  , the user can easily evaluate the performance of different search engines. Not only does it implement a dynamic search engine  , Dumpling also provides a convenient user interface for a user to compare the results from the dynamic search engine and the static search engine . We use it as a baseline to compare the usefulness of the pre-search context and user search history. This method estimates the probability P Q that a user searches a query Q based on both global search history and user search history  , which is P Q|G used in our model in Section 4.2.2. Participants had to rank the 157 search engines for each test topic without access to the corresponding search results. A total of 11 groups see Table 1 participated in the two classic distributed search tasks 9: Task 1: Resource Selection The goal of resource selection is to select the right resources from a large number of independent search engines given a query. IR systems need to engage users in a diafogue and begin modeling the user -on the topics of search terms and strategies  , domain knowledge  , information-seeking and searching knowledge -before a single search term is entered -as well as throughout the search interaction. This model would also include elicitation between user and IR system throughout a search interaction -including the presearching and searching stage. If a search engine could be notified that a searcher is or is not interested in search advertising for their current task  , the next results returned could be more accurately targeted towards this user. We call this predisposition " advertising receptiveness "   , and show that the user's interest in a search ad shown for a future search within the same session can be predicted based on the user interactions with the current search result page. By a depth-first search of the set enumeration tree of transitive reductions of partial orders  , Frecpo will not miss any frequent partial order. In this paper  , we propose a system called RerankEverything  , which enables users to rerank search results in any search service. Our system provides users not only the reranking interface  , but also a tag cloud to encourage users to explore search results from various viewpoints  , and a simple interface to specify an html element that contains a search result to recognize structures of the search results page. If the interaction starts on the conventional search system e.g. , a vertical search system for real estate  , events  , travels  , businesses  , it interacts synchronously with data sources and produces several solutions e.g. 1: the user submits an initial query  , which can be addressed either to a traditional exploratory search system or to a human search system. We have benchmarked Preference SQL The search scenario of the search engine is as follows: In a pre-selection a set of hard criteria has to be filled into the search mask. One of the busiest Internet sites in Germany is a job search engine. After they had completed all the search tasks  , a post-hoc interview was conducted to elicit the users' disposition towards the different methods of IQE  , and their general search experience. To help us obtain a deeper understanding of the users' search behaviors  , their interactions with the system were recorded using screen-capture software  , and they provided a think-aloud protocol during each search task. In some cases a topic could be either a known item or a general search depending on whether the submitting group indicated the results when submitting the topic. The search types known item search and general search are not as distinctive as their labels and different evaluation methods may suggest. To start a search in Visual MeSH  , the user can select to lookup concepts from either MetaThesaurus or MEDLINE. Only when the number is within a reasonable range does the user need to retrieve search results by clicking on the search button  , which will display the search results in a separate browser's window. After issuing the search interface/engine with a query  , the component provides SimIIR with access to the SERP -a ranked list of snippets and associated documents. We consider the search interface/engine component as an abstraction of a search engine and the Search Engine Results Page SERP. The experiment used a repeatedmeasures design with two independent variables: search latency with 12 levels in milliseconds: " 0 "   , " 250 "   , " 500 "   , " 750 "   , " 1000 "   , " 1250 "   , " 1500 "   , " 1750 "   , " 2000 "   , " 2250 "   , " 2500 "   , " 2750 "  and search site speed with two levels: " slow "   , " fast " . Taking everything into consideration   , we decided to offer self-learning search as-a-service  , a middleware layer sitting between the e-commerce site and the client's existing search infrastructure. On the other hand  , these large sites could potentially benefit a lot from self-learning search  , given the amount of traffic and the revenue deriving from search. The purpose of this search procedure is to locate points on the object's surface which are suitable places to position the robot's fingers . Further   , the search strategy should be independent from the search space 17. Given the obvious constraints  , a trade-off had to be made between getting a broad representative sample of search tasks and what was feasible. We assume a user's previous search queries and the corresponding clicked documents are good proxies of a user's search interests. To improve the utility of search results after cover query injection   , we also build user profiles on client-side with a user's true queries and clicks for search result re-ranking. The data reveals that as the search tasks became more complex and exploratory  , and required more search action and strategies to complete  , the total number of search features used on the features increased. Based on the search results  , Recall provided a graph showing changes in the frequency of the search keyword over time. The Internet Archive 25 once provided a full-text search engine called Recall 20 that had a keyword search future for 11 billion pages in its archive. Using this setup we evaluate PocketTrend when active or passive updates are used to push trending search content to end users. In fact  , a user may have received trending search content but that may be too old to include the search result the user clicked on when doing the actual search  , so a case like this would be recorded as a cache miss. A third belief is that the freshness level considerably influences search Money paid to search engine Others ranking. Another common belief is that the relevance of a page to the search query is a major factor when determining its rank in search results. Google directory offers a related feature  , by offering to restrict search to a specific category or subcategory. To perform this experiment  , we use a standard  , state-of-the-art search engine  , in this case the Terrier search engine 4   , to create highly simple search engines   , i.e. In this section  , we will attempt to determine whether the choice of retrieval model has a bigger impact on the behavior rather than the performance of a search engine than does parameter tuning. Therefore  , it may also be problematic to evaluate a system purely by whether or not it can improve search performance of a query in a search session and the magnitude of the improvement. Due to this fact  , we argued that users may expect to find novel search results  , instead of simply to improve search performance when they reformulate queries 2. As before  , the smaller value of w relates to a better bound on suboptimality and therefore makes the search harder. Every log entry contained a user identifier  , a time-stamp for every page view  , and the URL of the visited page. Actually  , the fact of switching can be unambiguously detected only in a small part of the search sessions performed by users who installed the browser or the special browser toolbar plugin developed by a search engine 10. They conducted two experiments to determine whether users engaged in a more exhaustive " breadth-first " search meaning that users will look over a number of the results before clicking any  , or a " depth-first " search. One other study used eye-tracking in online search to assess the manner in which users evaluate search results 18. Another complex search task is that a breaking news search of Nobel Prize winner is likely to evolve to an exploratory search task of studying a certain scientific domain. For example  , a trip planning search task may include progressive subtasks such as flight booking  , hotel booking  , car rental  , weather and routes inquiries   , where these subtasks are highly correlated with each other sequentially. Recall that  , as Section 2 defined  , in entity search  , a query q specifies a context operator α  , which suggests how the desired tuple instances may appear in Web pages. The notion of identity representation in search is quite simple; the issue can be summed by the question " What does a search engine say about an individual  , when that individual is researched in a search engine by another individual ? " An individual's representation in search is a true informationage problem. A complete example of all four combinations can be viewed below: Description: What is depression ? We can characterize a factual task with specific goals as known-items search  , a factual task with amorphous goals as known-subject search  , an intellectual task with specific goals as interpretive search and an intellectual task with amorphous goals as exploratory search. These events would reveal that the user had examined the search results  , but a user examining a search result would not necessarily emit a corresponding hover or scroll event. where H is the set of search result positions the user hovered over  , and V is the set of all search results shown when the user scrolled. A user with zero-recall search in her search trail has a purchase rate which is 0.64 times the purchase rate of user who did not Table 5describes this factor for various user segments. We notice that the purchase rate drops when the users experience a zero recall search in their search trail. Hence  , in a given context  , only papers that are relevant to the context reside. We consider a meta-search framework where a broker search system forwards the query to component search systems that may include general purpose search engines as well as the APIs of Web 2.0 platforms  , like YouTube or Twitter. We consider a dynamic caching setup  , as earlier works show that for reasonably large caches  , dynamic caching approaches outperform the static counterparts 9. Consequently  , if a search by keywords is performed   , the same search using the title or the author will not return new results. For example  , a search for books by keywords case 2 includes both a search by title case 4 and by author case 5. In order to discover and query objects in the digital repository through the Tufts Digital Library generic search application was developed that provides two initial levels of searching capabilities: a "basic search"  , and an "advanced search." Figures 5 and 6 show screen shots of advanced search and the search result page respectively. A significant percentage of the search engines return result pages with multiple dynamic sections. For example  , some search engines categorize or cluster search results Figure 1 and some search engines display regular search results and sponsored links in different dynamic sections. Separate title  , subject  , and author search interfaces or advanced syntax may be provided to limit search to such bibliographic fields  , and is often utilized by the expert user whom desires fine-grained control of their search 2. A keyword search box is arguably the simplest one to use and is often the default search interface. Iterative search is fundamental to medical search because of medical problems' inherent fuzziness  , which often makes it difficult even for medical professionals to distinguish between right and wrong choices. Below we first give a brief overview of iMed  , and then focus on iMed's iterative search advisor  , which integrates medical and linguistic knowledge to help searchers improve search results through iterative search. postulated for including effort in modeling interactive information search; for example  , using cost of search actions to explain some aspects of search behavior 1  , or using search effort to explain search task success 2. To copy otherwise  , or republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. Then  , tracker will continue to search through fine search for the target with smaller standard deviation and same number of samples. In the proposed tracker  , search strategy started with a relatively large standard deviation twice as in fine search for the coarse search. Because of the competitive nature of the market  , each search term may have bids from many advertisers  , and almost every advertiser bids on more than one search term. In a pay-for-performance search market  , advertisers compete in online auctions by bidding on search terms for sponsored listings in affiliated search engines. In generally  , search related user behavior can be classified into three categories: the usage frequency and how frequently users using or reusing the search engine in order to accomplish their search tasks. In this part  , we investigate the overall user search behavior change with regard to the change of the search environment with a deliberate setback. These latter search tasks both presume a very small set of relevant documents. The early search tasks were either classical ad hoc search or high-precision search  , but following trends on the web  , recent TREC Web evaluations have focused on known-item search and topic distillation. While search evaluation is an essential part of the development and maintenance of search engines and other information retrieval IR systems  , current approaches for search evaluation face a variety of practical challenges. To motivate and ground general discussion of crowdsourcing  , we will focus primarily upon applications to evaluating search accuracy with other examples like blending automation with human computation for hybrid search. Furthermore  , Villa and Halvey 21 showed a relationship between mental effort and relevance levels of judged documents. While query and clickthrough logs from search engines have been shown to be a valuable source of implicit supervision for training retrieval methods  , the vast majority of users' browsing behavior takes place beyond search engine interactions. Additionally   , search engine query logs can be used to incorporate query context derived from users' search histories  , leading to better query language models that improve search accuracy 42. In this paper  , we have presented a novel method for learning to accurately extract cross-session search tasks from users' historic search activities. Search tasks frequently span multiple sessions  , and thus developing methods to extract these tasks from historic data is central to understanding longitudinal search behaviors and in developing search systems to support users' longrunning tasks. In search engine or information retrieval research field  , there are a few research papers studied the users' re-finding and re-visitation search behaviors. Our work is significantly different from the research on repeated search results since our targeting recommendation domain is fundamentally different with the search domain where the latter needs users' search queries to drive users' click behaviors. Such federated search has the additional benefits of lower computational cost and better scaling properties. Additionally  , the results of the federated search are very similar to those of the distributed search  , which is equivalent to single-index search  , thus exhibiting that prediction-based federation can be used as a viable alternative to single-index search. Federated search is the approach of querying multiple search engines simultaneously  , and combining their results into one coherent search engine result page. The goal of results merging  , which is the second task of federated search  , is to combine results selected from the given search engines into a single ranked list. 4.2.1. In this paper we present the architecture of XMLSe a native XML search engine that allows both structure search and approximate content match to be combined with In the first case structure search capabilities are needed  , while in the second case we need approximate content search sometime also referred as similarity search. The searches were conducted on Wikipedia using a commercial test search engine created by Search Technologies Corp. We used the commercial search engine  , because Wikipedia does not provide full-text search. Each participant was asked to complete four search tasks that were designed to differ in complexity within-subject design. Despite the single user requiring such a feature and the high rating she assigned to the app  , the barebones developers implemented search suggestions in the release 3.1: " Added Google Search Suggestions " . One of the users reviewing the release 3.0 assigned five stars to the app and asked for the implementation of search suggestions  " I wish it can have search suggestions in the search bar " . The rest of this paper is organized as follows: SectionFigure 1: Architecture of Chem X Seer Formula Search and Document Search ing functions. Our formula search engine is an integral part of Chem X Seer  , a digital library for chemistry and embeds the formula search into document search by query rewrite and expansion Figure 1. The feasibility of this approach depends on how concentrated the search content associated to a trending topic is. This portion of the search index will become the actual search content search queries and corresponding search results that will be pushed to end users. Our study in the search query log of a commercial search engine reveals that the number of generic search queries  , which have explicit or implicit vertical search intentions  , can surpass the traffic of VSEs. Unfortunately  , many Web users are still unaware of these high quality vertical search resources. For example  , a search for naval architecture returns 154 books in the Internet Archive search interface  , and 350 books in the Hathi Trust search interface. While full-text search is currently or soon to be available across all these collections  , the huge and growing collection sizes make it difficult for users to obtain the best search results. The percentage increase of the cluster search over the inverted index search is also included in the The numbers in Table 2show that the cluster search requires a significant amount more disk spa~ than the inverted index search an increase of 70- 100%. The size of each auxiliary file and the total size for each search is given in Table 2. Most of the existing works rely on search engine server logs to suggest relevant queries to user inputs. As a method mainly for interaction between search engines and users  , query suggestion techniques usually cannot directly improve the relevance of the search results  , but rather enhancing the entire user search experience within the same search intent. We called this forest  , Reconfigurable Random Forest RRF. Since previously learned RRT's are kept for fkture uses  , the data structure becomes a forest consisting of multiple RRTs. We will give a brief summary of the random forest c1assifier. If the forest has T trees  , then Random Forest Classifier In our production entity matching system  , we sometimes use a Random Forest Classifier RFC 18 for entity matching. The rules with extensional predicates can be handled very naturally in our framework. We convert the random forest classifier into a DNF formula as explained in Section 4.3. The matcher is random forest classifier  , which was learnt by labeling 1000 randomly chosen pairs of listings from the Biz dataset. For the data set of small objects  , the Random Forest outperforms the CNN. For most of them  , the Random forest based classifiers perform similar to CNNbased classifiers  , especially for low false positive rates. We describe here a technique to approximate the matcher by a DNF expression. First  , we describe its overall structure Sec. We next present our random forest model. We use Survival Random Forest for this purpose. the user leaving the ad landing page. We use scikit-learn 28 as the implementation of the Random Forest Classifier. template. By averaging over the response of each tree in the forest  , the input fea ture vector is classified as either stable or not. The dimensionality of the template is very high when considering it as the input to the Random Forest The feature vector serves as an input to a Random Forest C lassifier which has been trained offline on a database. This method learns a random for- est 2  with each tree greedily optimized to predict the relevance labels y jk of the training examples. Random Forest. Training a single tree involves selecting √ m random intervals  , generating the mean  , standard deviation  , and slope of the random intervals for every series. Time Series Forest TSF 6: TSF overcomes the problem of the huge interval feature space by employing a random forest approach  , using summary statistics of each interval as features. All the random forest ranking runs are implemented with RankLib 4 . We have submitted 6 ranking-based runs. Similar to the balanced Random Forest 7  , EasyEnsemble generates T balanced sub-problems. The idea behind EasyEnsemble is quite simple. Solid lines show the performance of the CNNbased model. Dashed curves refer to the Random Forest based classifiers. The more correlated each tree is  , the higher the error rate becomes. The error rate of a random forest depends on two factors: the correlation between trees in the forest and the strength of each individual tree. The 90 th percentile say of the random contrasts variable importances is calculated. A random forest 5  is then built using original and random contrast variables and the variable importance is calculated for all variables. Other methods require  , in fact  , setting the dwell time threshold before the model is actually built. The survival random forest based model not only slightly outperforms all the other competing model including a suite of classification random forest but  , more importantly  , it allows to compute the survival at di↵erent thresholds. On Restaurants  , for example  , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. We discretize the height map into a grid of 48 x 48  , for all 3 channels. For each tree  , a random subset of the total training data is selected that may be overlapping with the subsets for the other trees. 2 Training a Random Forest: During trammg of the forest  , the optimization variables are the pairs of feature component cPij and threshold B per split node. There are only two parameters to tune in random forests: T   , the number of trees to grow  , and m  , the number of features to consider when splitting each node. First  , random forest can achieve good accuarcy even for the problem with many weak variables each variable conveys only a small amount of information. A random forest has many nice characteristics that make it promising for the problem of name disambiguation. The Random Forest model selects a portion of the data attributes randomly and generates hundreds and thousands of trees accordingly  , and then votes for the best performing one to produce the classification result. This reasoning may partially explain why ensemble tree models  , such as Random Forest  , are considered superior to standalone tree models. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. The final output of the forest is a weighted sum of the class distributions output by all of the trees in the forest. The open parameters for the forest training are the minimum cardinality of the set of training points at a leaf node  , the maximum number of feature components to sampIe at each split node and the number of trees in the forest. There were 100 trees used in the random forest approach and in the ensemble for the random subspace approach. The ensemble size was 200 trees for the Dietterich and RTB approaches. The size of the ensembles was chosen to allow for comparison with previous work and corresponds with those authors' recommendations. We submitted two classification runs: RFClassStrict and RFClassLoose. We employ Random Forest classifier implementation in Weka toolkit 7 with default parameter settings. ICTNETVS07 is the Borda Fuse combination of three methods. ICTNETVS06 uses Random Forest text classification model  , the result is the sum of voting. High F1 score shows that our method achieves high value in both precision and recall. Random Forest is the classifier used. We experimented with several learning schemes on our data and obtained the best results using a random forest classifier as implemented in Weka. Learning scheme. the two baselines  , when using a random forest as the base classifier. Where applicable  , both F-Measures pessimistic and re-weighted are reported. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. We employ Random Forest classifier in Weka toolkit 2 with default parameter settings. ClassificationCentainty as 'compute the Random forest 4  class probability that has the highest value'. This is an implementation of an entity identification problem 50. An Evidential Terminological Random Forest ETRF is an ensemble of ETDTs. C while the case of uncertain-membership will be labeled by L = {−1  , +1}. Figure 7 plots the accuracy of using different groups of features when applying Random Forest. Accuracy is defined as the percentage of answers classified cor- rectly. In Random Forest  , we  already randomly select features when building the trees. In both cases  , such features cause over-fitting in the prediction. ICTNETVS02 uses Random Forest text classification model  , the result is the sum of probabilities. ICTNETVS1 is based on traditional information retrieval IR model. The final classification P c|I  , x is given by averaging over these distributions. At test time  , the random forest will produce T class distributions per pixel x. Our choice is based on previous studies that showed Random Forests are robust to noise and very competitive regarding accuracy 9. For the relevance classifier we use an ensemble approach: Random Forest. RIF draws ideas from the interval feature classifier TSF 6  and we also construct a random forest classifier. To overcome this we propose a new classifier: the Random Interval Feature RIF Ensemble. Specifically  , our random forest model substantially outperforms all other models as query length increases. Yet  , in the CQA domain  , the differences are vast. We show further evidence for this statement in Section 4.4. The pairwise distance function is learned using a random forest. The examples of keyphrases extracted by SEERLAB system are shown in Table 1. The scores in Table 9show that our reduced feature set performs better than the baselines on both performance measures. The second is LTR's Random Forest LTR-RF. A classification tree is easier to understand for at least two reasons. classification tree is easier to understand than  , say  , a random forest. In particular  , each example is represented by two types of inputs. The input to our random forest is all categorical  , and is given as key-value pairs. Each tree is composed of internal nodes and leaves. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. Document-query pairs which are classified as relevant will award extra relevance score. For pointwise  , random forest is utilized to classify the candidate pairs in the new result. We disambiguate the author names using random forest 34. Note that different authors may share the same name either as full names or as initials and last names. The forest cover data contains columns with measurements of various terrain attributes  , which are fairly random within a range. In this case  , we see that RadixZip consistently loses. The Random Forest classifier delivers the best result for all three categories. The results show that our approach clearly outperforms both baseline approaches on all three categories. For large objects  , it performs significantly better at higher false positive rates. The classification accuracy of this model is lower than that of the CNN and Random Forest. This is only used to select positively classified test points. We use the entire 1.2k labeled examples   , which are collected in December 2014  , to train a Random Forest classifier. Experiment Setup. However  , this resulted in severe overfitting . We note that during our research we also trained our random forest using the query words directly  , instead of their mapped clusters. We leverage a Random Forest RF classifier to predict whether a specific seller of a product wins the Buy Box. Classifier Selection. Figure 8 : Compare the F 1 score higher is better when using different groups of features. 5: ROC curves for the datasets a Medium b Large c All . On Persons 1  , all three systems performed equally well  , achieving nearly 100 % F-Measure. Figure 2shows the results for the random forest base classifier. The metric we used for our evaluation is the F1-score. The remaining data are fed to a random forest classifier 4. On the other hand  , however  , no-one will contest that a small! An example for our CQA intent classification task may be {G : 0.3  , CQA : 0.7}  , which means that the forest assessment of an input query is that it is a general Web query G with 30% probability  , and a CQA query CQA with 70% probability. Standard generalization bounds for our proposed classifier can readily be derived in terms of the correlation between the trees in the forest and the prediction accuracy of individual trees. As a result  , we were able to train our multi-label random forest classifier on a medium sized cluster in less than a day. For the random forest approach  , we used a single attribute  , 2 attributes and log 2 n + 1 attributes which will be abbreviated as Random Forests-lg in the following. In the random subspace approach of Ho  , exactly half n/2 of the attributes were chosen each time.  Time Series Forest TSF 6: TSF overcomes the problem of the huge interval feature space by employing a random forest approach  , using summary statistics of each interval as features. Trees are trained on the resulting 3 √ m features and classification is by majority vote.  A deeper investigation confirms our intuition that defective entities have significantly stronger connections with other defective entities than with clean entities. The random forest classifier appears in the first rank. The model turned out to be quite effective in discriminating positive from negative examples. For each of the three tested categories we trained a different classifier based on the Random Forest model described in Section 3.2.2. Table 2presents the 15 most informative features to the model. We analyzed the contribution of the various features to the model by measuring their average rank across the three classifiers   , as provided by the Random Forest. Care was taken to avoid over fitting and to ensure that the learnt trees were not lopsided. A hundred trees were learnt in MLRF's random forest for each data set. We demonstrated that our proposed MLRF technique has many advantages over ranking based methods such as KEX. We evaluated the bid phrase recommendations of our multilabel random forest classifier on a test set of 5 million ads. Then a new result is achieved ordered by the combination of scaled scores of three retrieval model. Guild quitting prediction classifiers are built separately for 3 WoW servers: Eitrigg  , Cenarion Circle  , and Bleeding Hollow. Table 7 reports the classification performance for a random forest with 10 trees and unlimited depth and feature counts. We use a Random Forest that predicts stable grasps at similar accuracy as a Convolutional Neural Net CNN and has the additional ability to cluster locally similar data in a supervised manner. Furthermore  , it provides the aforementioned local shape representation. We are specifically considering templates that are classified to be graspable. In this section  , we show how our Random Forest classifiers can be used to predict global object shape from local shape information. A stopping criterion of the error leveling off suffices. It is possible to use the out of bag error to decide when to stop adding classifiers to a random forest ensemble or bagged ensemble. Our training set consists of 13 ,649 images; and among them  , 3 ,784 were pornography and 9 ,865 were not. Once the features have been computed for an image  , they are fed into a random forest 6 classifier. Predictions using our multi-label random forest can be carried out very efficiently. The active label distributions can be aggregated over leaf nodes and the most popular labels can be recommended to the advertiser. However  , the techniques we use in building the trees  , in particular the choice of variables and values used to split nodes of the tree  , are fairly distinct. Our system uses Random Forest RF classifiers with a set of features to determine the rank. In addition  , the system must issue a confidence score ∈0  , 1000 ∈ Z where 1000 is very confident. Classification results were similar for a number of prediction models. As such most digits after the first are randomly distributed. These features are: SessionCount  , SessionsPerUserPerDay and TweetsClickedPerSender. Figure 6 shows that with the three features contributing most to model accuracy a random forest model can achieve a similar result as it would with 80 features or more. For each user engagement proxy  , we trained a random forest RF classifier using the feature set described in Section 4.2. The value of our prediction task lies in the fact that we use highly discriminative yet low-cost features. Figure 2shows the system architecture of CollabSeer. To minimize the impact of author name ambiguity problem  , the random forest learning 34  is used to disambiguate the author names so that each vertex represents a distinct author. This OOB error estimate is also used later in the computation of variable importance. Random forest consistently outperforms all other classifiers for every data set  , achieving almost 96% accuracy for the S500 data. Each fold is stratified so that it contains approximately the same proportions of class distribution as the original dataset. Figure 1reports these scores. The mean decrease Gini score associated by a random forest to a feature is an indicator of how much this feature helps to separate documents from different classes in the trees. Then for each number of indicators  , we learn a Random Forest on the learning set and evaluate it. As mRMR takes into account redundancy between the indicators  , this should not be a major issue. The MIA and CDI validity index calculations are not comparable between datasets due to the different number of attributes used. The random forest and pam combination provides middling results. An alternate keypoint-based approach has been described by Plagemann et al. In the body-part detector used by Microsoft's Xbox Kinect 1   , each pixel is classified based on depth differences of neighbouring pixels using a random forest classifier. We base such evaluation on a dataset with 50K observations ad  , dwellT ime  , which refer to 2.5K ads provided by over 850 advertisers. The predictive accuracy of our implementation of survival random forest is assessed with an o↵-line test. We developed a novel multi-label random forest classifier with prediction costs that are logarithmic in the number of labels while avoiding feature and label space compression. Each label  , in our formulation   , corresponds to a separate bid phrase. Table 10 shows our best performance according to micro average F and SU. For example RF_all_13_13 stands for Random Forest using all features  , trained on 2013 and applied on 2013 9 . We view the CCR problem as a 3-class classification problem by combining garbage and neutral as a single non-useful class. After training the random forest c1assifier as above  , there is a minimum number of training data points at each leaf node. 4 consists of the union of all corresponding sets: Our indexing structure simply consists of l such LSH Trees  , each constructed with an independently drawn random sequence of hash functions from H. We call this collection of l trees the LSH Forest. We call this tree the LSH Tree. ProductionBiz: This is the actual matcher used in the production system for matching the Biz dataset. From classification   , the 2-step approach's Random Forest is used as a baseline MC-RF. We have included two of the highly performing methods on 2012 CCR task as baselines. PF  , CmF  , TF  , CtF denotes the results when our frameworks used personal features  , community features  , textual features  , and contextual features  , respectively. Gini importance is calculated based on Gini Index or Gini Impurity  , which is the measure of class distribution within a node. There are two methods of measuring variable importance in a random forest: by Gini importance and by permutation importance. The former classifies the candidate documents into vital or useful  , while the latter classifies the candidate documents into relevant vital + useful or irrelevant neutral + garbage. 4 and 5 show the ROC curves for all five datasets. The classification is done using a random forest classifier trained on a set of 1700 positive and 4500 negative examples 18. The features are listed in Table Iand extend the set proposed in 3 and 4. 7 Given the large class imbalance  , we applied asymmetric misclassification costs. In the case of Persons 2 and Restaurants  , both methods performed equally well.  Incorporating both context i.e. forest-fire with random seeds seem to perform well for themes that are of global importance  , such as 'Social Issues' that subsumes topics like '#BeatCancer'  , 'Swine Flu'  , '#Stoptheviolence' and 'Unemployment'. In this paper  , the term isolation means 'separating an instance from the rest of the instances'. Hence  , when a forest of random trees collectively produce shorter path lengths for some particular points  , then they are highly likely to be anomalies. However   , instead of using time domain intervals  , we use intervals from the data transformed into alternate representations. To convert a random forest into a DNF  , we first convert the space of predicates into a discrete space. Different trees may have different thresholds for the same predicates  , and can use different matching functions on the same attributes. We found that for the random forest that we learnt  , the conversion resulted in a DNF formula with 10 clauses. In theory  , this conversion may generate a DNF with exponentially many clauses. This is a generic technique which we can apply in practice to any arbitrary pair-wise matching function. As of now we do not perform any person specific disambiguation however one could treat acknowledged persons as coauthors and use random forest based author disambiguation 30 . The assumption is reasonable given the patterns of acknowledgments described in the introduction. Variable importance is a measurement of how much influence an attribute has on the prediction accuracy. There is small change from 100 to 500 trees  , suggesting that 100 trees might be sufficient to get a reasonable result. Figure 3shows the accuracy on S500 data  , as the trees were grown in the random forest. CollabSeer is built based on CiteSeerX dataset. A pair where the first candidate is better than the second belongs to class +1  , and -1 otherwise. Specifically  , a Random Forest model is used in the provided Aqqu implementation. None of the classical methods perform as well. This table shows that after feature selection  , the proposed method is about three times faster than the sate-of-the-art random forest method  , and achieves greater accuracy. In both works  , the authors showed that there exist some data distributions where maximal unprunned trees used in the random forests do not achieve as good performance as the trees with smaller number of splits and/or smaller node size. In fact  , 25  , 27  validate the overfitting issue faced by random forest models when learning to classify high-dimensional noisy data. That way  , there is a set of contrast variables that we know are from the same distribution as the original variables and should have no relationship with our target variable Y since Z i is a 'shuffled' X i . Further  , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is  , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. To remain focused  , we use a single representative for each family of approaches: Random Forest 3-step for classification and Random Forests for ranking. Random subspaces ties for the most times as statistically significantly more accurate than C4 .5  , but is also less accurate the most times. Compared to C4.5 a random forest ensemble created using log 2 n + 1 attributes is very good and RTB- 20 is the best by a rather small increment. Random forests use a relatively small number of attributes in determining a test at a node which makes the tree faster to build. We compare two strategies for selecting training data: backward and random. We use the most recent 400 examples as hold-out test set  , and gradually add in examples to the training set by batches of size 50  , and train a Random Forest classifier. Random forests provide information on how well features helps to separate classes and give insight on which ones help to characterize centrally relevant documents about an entity in a stream. In sum  , most of the previous work has tackled issues related to improving the choice of features or the quality of the forest of trees. Since the evaluation of the entire ensemble is critical for the reweighting step on the next iteration  , and the previous ensemble state may be already overfitted  , the errors may be unwittingly propagated as the random forest is built  , being not robust to such high dimensional noisy data. rate  , receive-rate  , reply-rate  , replied-rate yield the best performance with AUC > 0.78 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female to male under the Random Forest model among all graph-based features. result in the best performance with AUC > 0.76 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female under Random Forest model among all user-based features  , while the topological features Figure 5: Performance of classifiers with user-based  , graph-based  , and all features to predict reciprocal links from males to females. This random partitioning produces noticeable shorter paths for anomalies since a the fewer instances of anomalies result in a smaller number of partitions – shorter paths in a tree structure  , and b instances with distinguishable attribute-values are more likely to be separated in early partitioning . Laplacian kernels are defined mathematically by the pseudoinversion of the graph's Laplacian matrix L. Depending on the precise definition  , Laplacian kernels are known as resistance distance kernels 15  , random forest kernels 2  , random walk or mean passage time kernels 4  and von Neumann kernels 14. In order to apply Laplacian kernels to graphs with negative edges  , we use the measure described as the signed resistance distance in 17  , defined as: An example of generated classification tree is shown in Figure 1due to limited space  , we just show the left-hand subtree of the root node. Training data  , with pre-assigned values for the dependent variables are used to build the Random Forest model. In summary  , the recall precision curves of all three categories present negative slopes  , as we hoped for  , allowing us to tune our system to achieve high precision. This can be easily debugged in the random forest framework by tracing the ad down to its leaf nodes and examining its nearest neighbours. Many of the suggestions  , particularly those beyond the top 10  , were more relevant to an Italian restaurant rather than a Thai restaurant. This enabled us to efficiently carry out fine grained bid phrase recommendation in a few milliseconds using 10 Gb of RAM. Then  , calculate the error rate of the random forest on the entire original data  , where the classification for each data point is done only by its out-of-bag trees. For every data point x in the original data  , define the out-of-bag OOB trees of x as the set of trees where x is not included in their bootstrap samples. Given a query template that is c1assified by the Random Forest  , we can not only predict its probability to afford a successful grasp but also make predictions about latent variables based on the training examples at the corresponding leaf nodes. V for more detail on the database. In other words  , we can see that the HeteroSales framework is especially useful in the case when we only have a limited number of training data. For example  , in the scenario of training ratios to be 5% and 10%  , the AUCs of HS-MP are around 4%∼5% larger than the AUCs of the random forest. Given the feature set and the class labels stable or shrinking  , we want to predict whether a group or community is likely to remain stable or will start shrinking over a period of time. We achieve qualitatively similar results for the other two servers; for instance  , the random forest classifier produces a prediction accuracy of 81% on Bleeding Hollow  , and 84.3% on Cenarion Circle. The cost of traversing each tree is logarithmic in the total number of training points which is almost the same as being logarithmic in the total number of labels. For instance  , if two labels are perfectly correlated then they will end up in the same leaf nodes and hence will be either predicted  , or not predicted  , together. Finally  , while we did assume label independence during random forest construction  , label correlations present in the training data will be learnt and implicitly taken into account while making predictions. The only conceptual change is that now yi ∈ ℜ K + and that predictions are made by data points in leaf nodes voting for labels with non-negative real numbers rather than casting binary votes. However  , by deliberate design  , we need to make no changes to our random forest formulation or implementation as discussed in section 3. For example  , we can divide the range of values of JaroWinklerDistance into three bins  , and call them high  , medium and low match. The best fit between the number of trees and the learning time is given by the function T ime = #T rees · 0.22 1.65 with an adjusted R 2 coecient of 0.96. Hence  , connectivity-based unsupervised classifiers offer a viable solution for cross and within project defect predictions. In the within-project setting i.e. , models are built and applied on the same project  , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier  , while only random forest ranks in the first tier. We conjecture that the decrease in performance when changing to a within-project setting is caused by the low ratio of defects i.e. , the low percentage of defective entities in the target project. In particular  , the random forest classifier achieves an AUC value of 0.71 in a cross-project setting  , but yields a lower AUC value of 0.67 in a within-project setting. Table 7shows 10 most indicative features in the MIX+CKP model according to this measurement. In random forest  , one way to measure the importance of a feature in a model is by calculating the average drops in Gini index at nodes where that feature is used as the splitting cri- teria 6. In the first experiment we apply the previously trained Random Forest model to identify matching products for the top 10 TV brands in the WDC dataset. The results show that we are able to identify a number of matches among products  , and the aggregated descriptions have at least six new attribute-value pairs in each case. Note that it was not always the case that the best performance was achieved in the last iteration. Given this disparity in run-times between the two classifiers  , the random forest is clearly a better base classifier choice for the IAEI benchmarks  , and considering only the slight performance penalty  , ACM-DBLP as well. We also found that adding implicit state information that is predicted by our classifier increases the possibility to find state-level geolocation unambiguously by up to 80%. We found that we are able to predict correctly implicit state information based on geospatial named entities using a Random Forest RF classifier with precision of 0.989  , recall 0.798  , and F1 of 0.883  , for Pennsylvania. Table 2The performance of submitted runs with vital only Table 3shows the retrieval performance of our submitted two runs for Stream Slotting Filling task. We can see from the table that runs using random forest have better retrieval performance than others. For each selected name  , we then manually cluster all the articles in Medline written by that name. To evaluate the performance of the random forest for disambiguation  , we first randomly select 91 unique author names as defined by the last name and the first initial from Medline database. For each pair of candidate answers Aqqu creates an instance  , which contains 3 groups of features: features of the first  , the second candidate in the pair and the differences between the corresponding features of the candidates. We employ a random forest classifier as the discriminative model and use its natural ability to cluster similar data points at the leaf nodes for the retrieval task. In this paper  , we simultaneously address grasp prediction and retrieval of latent global object properties. For Australian   , German and Ionosphere data sets there is improvement of 1.98%  , 5.06% and 0.4% respectively when compared with Random Forest Classifier. The proposed ensemble feature selection FS technique using TS/NN has achieved higher accuracy in all data sets except Diabetes. These results strongly support our claim that our generic ordering heuristic works well in a variety of application domains. Using the above evaluations we found that our generic heuristic dominates random ordering  , although the latter sometimes has increasingly competitive accuracy as more time passes before interruption  , particularly for 'Forest Cover Type' and 'Pen Digits' datasets. We design a Multi-Label Random Forest MLRF classifier whose prediction costs are logarithmic in the number of labels and which can make predictions in a few milliseconds using 10 GB of RAM. Our contributions are as follows: We pose bid phrase recommendation as a multi-label learning problem with ten million labels. We order the 1.2k labeled examples by time from the oldest to the most recent. Analyzing hundreds of tweets from Twitter timeline we noticed some interesting points. Table 5and 6 show the corresponding precisions  , recalls and F-measures of the Cost Sensitive classifier based on Random Forest  , which outperformed the other classifiers yielding an 90.32% success in classification for our trained model. In addition  , a random forest is very fast both in the training and making predictions  , thus making it ideal for a large scale problem such as name disambiguation. This is useful because users generally use such rules to disambiguate names; for an example  , " if the affiliations are matched  , and both are the first author  , then .. " . Here  , we first give the formal formulation of the author name disambiguation problem and then define the set of attributes  , called the similarity profile  , that will be used by random forest for disambiguation. English  , Chinese yeari = paperi's year of publication meshi = set of mesh terms in the paperi For both the intrinsic and the stacked models  , we use the Random Forest classifier provided by Weka  , set to use 100 trees  , and the default behavior for all other settings. In total  , 14 Stacked Features were added 7 aggregates each  , which were applied to the top k in-links and out-links separately. After another 500 random planning queries  , the empty area that was originally occupied by the obstacle is quickly and evenly filled with new nodes  , as shown in Figure 8d. The roots of these trees  , surrounding the moved obstacle  , indicate where the forest is split. Positive examples were obtained by setting up the laser scanner in an open area with significant pedestrian traffic; all clusters which lay in the open areas and met the threshold in Sec. Several appearance-based methods for hand detection in depth images have been proposed in recent research. The Forest Cover Type problem considered in Figure 9is a particularly challenging dataset because of its size both in terms of the number of the instances and the number of attributes. Because we have a much smaller testing set the curves are less smooth  , however  , SimpleRank clearly beats Random up to the first 2 ,000 examples. We discuss how to automatically generate training data for our Multi-Label Random Forest classifier and show how it can be trained efficiently and used for making predictions in a few milliseconds . We then develop our multi-label formulation in Section 3. In the rest of the experiments  , we configured Prophiler to use these classifiers. It can be seen that the classifiers that produced the best results were the Random Forest classifier for the HTML features  , the J48 classifier for the Java- Script features  , and the J48 classifier for the URL-and host-based features. Table 4  , and for project " Ivy v1.4 "   , the top four supervised classifiers experience a downgraded performance when changing from a crossproject setting to a within-project setting. The reduced random forest model using just those two variables can attain almost 90% accuracy. auth last idf   , auth mid  , af f tf idf   , jour year dif f   , af f sof ttf idf   , mesh shared idf for RF-P ity between author's middle name are the most predictive variables for disambiguating names in Medline. Our experiments with feature selections also demonstrate that near-optimal accuracy can be achieved with just four variables  , the inverse document frequency value of author's last name and the similarity between author's middle name  , their affiliations' tfidf similarity   , and the difference in publication years. Please note that we build a global classifier with all training instances instead of building a local classifier for each entity for simplicity. All the classifiers are implemented with random forest classification model  , which was reported as the best classification model in CCR. We will show that we can predict the global object shape based on the locally similar exemplars. We perform modelling experiments framed as a binary classification problem where the positive class consists of 217 of the re-clicked Tweets analysed above 5 . Therefore only results from the Random Forest experiments are reported  , specifying F1  , accuracy and the area under the ROC curve AUC. To understand which features contribute most to model accuracy and whether it is possible to reduce the feature manner. Given that the proposed system is evaluated over seven iterations   , we plot for each benchmark the precision-recall curve for the iteration in which the proposed system achieved the highest F-Measure. If the random forest-based classifier is used on Restaurants  , the difference widens by about 1 % see previous footnote. The table show that  , on average  , even the pessimistic estimate exceeds the next best the Raven boolean classifier system performance by over 4.5 %. The MLP-based system achieved run-times ranging from 17 s for the first iteration to almost 20 min for the final iteration. The final ranking is performed using the same learning-to-rank method as the baseline Aqqu system 3  , which uses the Random Forest model. As described in detail next  , this information is used to develop novel features for detecting entities and ranking candidate answers. If the impact is less significant  , then the difference between the original and re-test result may be not so noticeable  , as shown in the Page Blocks dataset. As we are using binary indicators  , some form of majority voting is probably the simplest possible rule but using such as rule implies to choose very carefully the indicators 13. In our future work  , we will compare Random Forest to simpler classifiers. We develop a sparse semi-supervised multi-label learning formulation in Section 4 to mitigate the effects of biases introduced in automatic training set generation. We then extend our MLRF formulation to train on the inferred beliefs in the state of each label and show that this leads to better bid phrase recommendations as compared to the standard supervised learning paradigm of directly training on the given labels. Only our proposed Random- Forest model manages to learn the discriminating features of long queries as well as those of short ones  , and successfully differentiates between CQA queries and other queries even at queries of length 9 and above. On the other hand  , PosLM  , which models only structure  , performs the worst  , showing that a combination of content and structure bearing signals is necessary. Table 4presents examples for queries of different length in each domain  , which illustrate the differences between the tested domains. The former one classifies the candidate documents into vital or non-vital  , yet the latter one classifies them into relevant vital + useful  or irrelevant unknown + non-referent. They also explored using random forest classification to score verticals run ICTNETVS02  , whereby expanded query representations based on results from the Google Custom Search API were used. For ICTNETVS1  , they calculated a term frequency based similarity score between queries and verticals. We achieved convergence around 300 trees  , We also optimized the percentage of features to be considered as candidates during node splitting  , as well as the maximum allowed number of leaf nodes. Considering the Random Forest based approaches we vary the number of trees ranging from 10 to 1000. A leaf node l stores a distribution P l c over class labels c. This distribution is modeled by a histogram computed over the class labels of the training data that ended up at this leaf node. Especially in our case where the input forms a local shape representation  , these reduced data sets are clusters of locally similar data. These variables can recover the global shape of the associated object. On Persons 1  , the three curves are near -coincidental  , while in the case of ACM-DBLP  , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence  , two curves are coincidental. This confirms earlier findings that the MLP can be slower by 1–2 orders of magnitude  , and has a direct dependence on the size of the training set 27. We can observe that the other classifiers achieve high recall  , i.e. , they are able to detect the matching pairs in the dataset  , but they also misclassify a lot of non-matching pairs  , leading to a low precision. The random forest classifier offers two means of determining feature importance: Out of Bag Permuted Variable Error PVE and the Gini Impurity measure 2 . We aim to identify the topics which best characterize this intent and use those topics to infer the latent community structure. These results indicate that these two feature sets are most influential among all feature sets. Thus  , the dependent variable is represented by the cluster implementation priority high or low   , while we use as predictor features: The number of reviews in the cluster |reviews|. Also in this step CLAP makes use of the Random Forest machine learner with the aim of labelling each cluster as high or low priority  , where high priority indicates clusters CLAP recommends to be implemented in the next app release. These features include the similarity between a and b's name strings  , the relationship between the authoring order of a in p and the order of b in q  , the string similarity between the affiliations  , the similarity between emails  , the similarity between coauthors' names  , the similarity between titles of p and q  , and several other features. We use a Random Forest model trained on several features to disambiguate two authors a and b in two different papers p and q 28. From feature perspective  , the user profile features age  , income  , education level  , height  , weight  , location  , photo count  , etc. The core problem in developing an efficient disk-based index is to lay out the prefix tree on disk in such a fashion as to minimize the number of disk accesses required to navigate down the tree for a query  , and also to minimize the number of random disk seeks required for all index operations. Let us now consider how to implement the LSH Forest as a diskbased index for large data sets. A similar approach is suggested by Lafferty and Zhai 9Table 1shows an example relevance model estimated from some relevant documents for TREC ad-hoc topic 400 " amazon rain forest " . For every word in the vocabulary  , their relevance model gives the probability of observing the word if we first randomly select a document from the set of relevant documents  , and then pick a random word from it see Section 2.3 for a more formal account of this approach. The clusters of reviews belonging to the bug report and suggestion for new feature categories are prioritized with the aim of supporting release planning activities. For instance  , it is straightforward to show that as the number of trees increases asymptotically  , MLRF's predictions will converge to the expected value of the ensemble generated by randomly choosing all parameters and that the generalization error of MLRF is bounded above by a function of the correlation between trees and the average strength of the trees.