However  , our main interest here is less in accurately modeling term occurrences in documents   , and more in the potential of pLSA for automatically identifying factors that may correspond to relevant concepts or topics. data mining and game theory have been used to describe similar phenomena  , but with limited interaction between each other. First we can remark that the imputation accuracies are generally higher than with complete training data 11 . We case-fold in our experiments.   , βn be coefficients that are estimated by fitting the model to an existing " model building " data set  , where β0 is termed the model " intercept. " We show that the proposed general framework has a close relationship with the Pairwise Support Vector Machine. In the three semantic relevance approaches 4  , 5  , and 6  , a cutoff value of 0.5 was used. Model fitting. Previous works based on this approach yield to interesting results but under restrictions on the manip ulator kinematics. The generated data is created as a set of named graphs 11. The decoder can handle position-dependent  , cross-word triphones and lexicons with contextual pronunciations. With this in mind  , in this study we tested some imputation methods. Yan et al. We approximate the peak in the likelihood function as a normal distribution. Our fast detection method for empty-result queries uses some data structure similar to materialized views − each atomic query part stored in the collection C aqp can be regarded as a " mini " materialized view. Compute D and perform a breadth-first search of D as indicated above starting with To as the set of visited vertices and ending when some vertex in the goal set 7~ ha5 been reached. The experimental setup is shown in Fig. We have found that for our data set JCBB 21  , where the likelihood function is based on the Mahalanobis distance and number of associations is sufficient  , however other likelihood models could be used. It is the length of the projection of one vector onto the other unit vector. We consider various combinations of text and link similarity and discuss how these correlate with semantic similarity and how well they rank pages. An end-user application resembling Twitter's current search interface might apply a threshold on the tweet retrieval score and only show tweets above some threshold in chronological order. We combine two retrieval strategies that work at two different To compute the inter-document similarities we build a vector space DocSpace where similar documents are represented by close vectors by means of the Semantic Vectors package 13. For the embedding of comments we exploit the distributed memory model since it usually performs well for most tasks 8. The set of these archives is not pre-defined  , but new archives can be added over the lifetime of the system. Knees et al. Although  , the challenge of translating from natural language to a game theory format is beyond the scope on this article  , random errors were added to the instructions in an effort to roughly simulate the errors that would occur during translation. This type of detection likelihood has the form of  , A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. Our suggested probabilistic methods are also able to retrieve per-feature opinions for a query product. Selectors can be used in two places: to pad the initial keyword query  , and to rerank the candidate passages. The geometric mean does not change dramatically  , because most queries do not touch more data on a larger dataset. WE metrics using GloV e 4. This heuristic only searches over the 2D grid map of the base layer with obstacles inflated by the base inner circle. Our aspect model combines both collaborative and content information in model fitting. , yn  , where yi is the informed probability of the i th inference. The pictograms listed here are the relevant pictogram set of the given word; 3 QUERY MATCH RATIO > 0.5 lists all pictograms having the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 4 SR WITHOUT CATEGORY uses not-categorized interpretations to calculate the semantic relevance value; 5 SR WITH CATEGORY & NOT- WEIGHTED uses categorized interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram; 6 SR WITH CATEGORY & WEIGHTED uses categorized and weighted interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. For query optimization  , we show how the DataGuide can be used as a parh index. For example  , an edge 1 → 2 means that the client 1 has the client 2 in its CON view. Section 4 addresses the hidden graph as a random graph. For a given Latent Semantic Space In this work we use the Euclidean distance to measure the relevance between a query and a document. Deterministic methods exploit heuristics which consider the component characteristics to configure the system structure 35. The sample size was selected based on a 95% confidence level and 10% confidence interval margin of error  , i.e. Note that the value of local features may be larger than 1 as the activation function used in the autoencoder is ReLU for better sparsity. Researchers in information retrieval  , machine learning  , data mining  , and game theory are developing creative ideas to advance the technologies in this area. The optimization yields the optimal path and exploits the available kinematic and actuator redundancy to yield optimal joint trajectories and actuator forces/torques. We compare the topical communities identified by PLSA and NetPLSA. The PM3 Modula-3 compiler was also invoked with a flag that disables runtime checks on indexing arrays out of bounds and to catch certain type errors  , so as to give a fairer comparison with C++. In order to get comparable classes of users  , we need to know what measurable traits of users are highly predictive of searching effectiveness. However  , it requires the setting of two parameters: DBSCAN does not require the definition a-priori of the number of clusters to extract. The second approach is to launch G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in some document  , e.g. In the information retrieval domain  , the systems are based on three basic models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model. Are the topics in Table 2really corresponding to coherent communities ? The null hypothesis states that the observed times were drawn from the same distribution  , which means that there is no context bias effect. Next  , we used Alchemy 2 to generatively learn the weights of our base MLN using the evidence data. By using the imported surface model  , the personal fitting function is thought to be realized. The sp2b uses bibliographic data from dblp 12 as its test data set  , while the bsbm benchmark considers eCommerce as its subject area. This approach is similar to the one described in  Second  , we tested a more sophisticated named entity recognizer NER based upon a regularized maximum entropy classifier with Viterbi decoding. Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in The Shannon entropy of the variable a is: Retrieval results show that their impact on CLIR is very small. This paper builds on prior work in self-folding  , computational origami and modular robots. Federated search is a well-explored problem in information retrieval research. Under the bag-of-words assumption  , the generative probability of word w in document d is obtained through a softmax function over the vocabulary: both use the outcome matrix to represent interaction 4  , 6. For the second approach  , we applied the softmax action selection rules. Post training  , the abstract level representation of the given terms can be obtained as shown in c. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. Methods like this rely on large labeled training set to cover as much words as possible  , so that we can take advantage of word embedding to get high quality word vectors. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. For each incorrect answer  , we first generalised the SPARQL query by removing a triple pattern  , or by replacing a URI by a variable. Therefore  , the optimization function is changed to These outliers were removed using DBSCAN to identify low density noise. In summary  , several conclusions can be drawn from the experi- ments. We next present our random forest model. The vector output at the final time-step  , encN   , is used to represent the entire tweet. The likelihood function does not hit the dark shaded fields  4  , 3  and  4  , 4 . Therefore  , in TempCorr terms are ranked based on the level of correlation to the target time-series. In this paper we are in­ terestcd in problems with tree-like linkage structures. 11. 3. Notice that the DREAM model utilize an iterative method in learning users' representation vectors. 3 or Eqn. Hence we propose three fusion methods to combine the two quantities by addition and multiplication: 1. Game theory also explores interaction. The most common representation of feature models is through FODA-style feature diagrams 3  , 4  , 5 . Generative model. 4first out queue called Q in Fig. After this threshold the mixed hyProximity is a better choice. The objective function of LFH-Stochastic has a major trend of convergence to some stationary point with slight vibration. BMEcat. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. Path finding and sub-paths in breadth-first search 3. We then asked them to rate the relevancy and unexpectedness of suggestions using the above described scales. Finally  , Section 5 concludes the paper. Since IMRank is guaranteed to converge to a self-consistent ranking from any initial ranking  , it is necessary to extend the discussion to its dependence on the initial ranking: does an arbitrary initial ranking results in a unique convergence ? The uncertainty is estimated for localization using a local map by fitting a normal distribution to the likelihood function generated. NL interfaces are attractive for their ease-of-use  , and definetely have a role to play  , but they suffer from a weak adequacy: habitability spontaneous NL expressions often have no FL counterpart or are ambiguous  , expressivity only a small FL fragment is covered in general. Here thrift-lib-w2-5t  , for example  , stands for the test case with 2 worker threads and 5 tasks per worker. Note that this approach enables to consider ontologies more expressive than RDFS  , e.g. We employ the relative influence spread  , i.e. This can be calculated in JavaScript. In this section  , we conduct experiments on MNIST dataset to investigate the discipline of the optimal number K opt of selected features in the sub-region  , which is the key factor in the proposed local R 2 FP. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method  , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. For each language pair  , two different kinds of semantic indexing were used. 6 For the BaiduQA dataset  , we train 100-dimensional word 20. Our experiments on numeric data show that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test achieves the highest label prediction accuracy of the various statistical hypothesis tests. A brief introduction to word embedding. With the empirical results we conclude:  With different initial rankings  , IMRank could converge to different self-consistent rankings. Folding: Classes of data are folded in the case of symbolic testing. However  , to increase opportunities for optimization   , all AQ i are combined into one audit query AQ whose output is a set of query identifiers corresponding to those AQ i that yield non-empty results. Uses of probabilistic language model in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model. The decoder operates on the encoded representation with two layers of LSTMs. The most representative terms generated by CTM and PLSA are shown in Table 1. With L = W   , we can have: In the experiment  , evaluators assessed Queriability and Informativeness manually with the source files of data sets. This objective is fulfilled by either having a layer to perform the transformation or looking up word vectors from a table which is filled by word vectors that are trained separately using additional large corpus. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantially benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. Lin et al. The values for Pearson correlation are listed in a similar table in the appendix Table 5. These methods have become very popular in recent years by combining good scalability with predictive accuracy. Users were asked in the post-task questionnaire which summary made the users want to know more about the underlying document . These metrics are instantiated using Word Embedding models from Wikipedia 4 and Twitter  , pre-trained using the GloV e 12 tool. Snapshots of the folding paths found are shown in Fig­ ures 1 and 3 for the box and the periscope  , respectively. Applications for alignments other than CLIR  , such as automatic dictionary extraction  , thesaurus generation and others  , are possible for the future. For fair comparison  , we used the same five field entity representation scheme and the same query sets as in 33  Sem- Search ES consisting primarily of named entity queries  , List- Search consisting primarily of entity list search queries  , QALD- 2 consisting of entity-focused natural language questions  , and INEX-LD containing a mix of entity-centric queries of different type. q Rapid  , incremental  , reversible operations whose results are immediately visible. A denoising autoencoder DAE is an improvement of the autoencoder  , which is designed to learn more robust features and prevent the autoencoder from simply learning the identity. SV M struct is one of the support vector machine implementations for sequence labeling 16. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. We exploit the supervision information on the labeled target language data set At to directly tune the target language SAE. This method is common because it gives a concise  , analytical estimate of the parameters based on the data. Using Dijkstra or other graph searching methods  , a path between the start and goal configuration is then easily found. Also  , it will be difficult to apply the Kuhlback and Liebers' relative entropy since the " atoms " or " characters " of an image or an ensemble is difficult to define. If no such context information is at hand  , there is still another option: the search engine may present the results of the best scoring segmentation to the user and offer the second best segmentation in a " Did you mean " manner. For each interface modeled we created a storyboard that contained the frames  , widgets  , and transitions required to do all the tasks  , and then demonstrated the tasks on the storyboard. Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. Moreover  , game theory has been described as " a bag of analytical tools " to aid one's understanding of strategic interaction 6. In our initial implementation we built a cross-lingual library of relation expressions from English and Spanish Wikipedia articles containing 25 ,000 SRL graphs with 2000 annotations to DBpedia entities. Pearson correlation is the covariance of the predicted and label data points divided by the product of their standard deviations. In techniques based on program texts  , or information derived from program texts such aa flowgraphs  , the degree of folding will generally be determined by the class of model. The corresponding weighting function is as follows. Experiment 1. Also  , the greater their number  , the higher the relevance. Content features are not predictive perhaps due to 1 citation bias  , 2 paper quality is covered by authors/venues  , or 3 insufficient content modeling. We use |C1|/|C| to calculate the precision  , |C1+C2+C3|/|C| to evaluate the relevance precision.  QALD-2: The Question Answering over Linked Data challenge aims to answer natural language questions e.g. , ,:"~ ,~ton ~v'" ""-. The information-theoretic measures commonly used to evaluate rule interestingness are the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , the average mutual information 12 often simply called mutual information  , the Theil uncertainty coefficient 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12 cf. If the temperature T is reduced slowly enough  , the downhill Simplex method shrinks into the region containing the lowest minimum value. It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. Furthermore  , based on this index structure  , Tagster incorporates a tag-based user characterization that takes into account the global tag statistics for better navigation and ranking of resources. All correlations with an absolute value larger than 0.164 are statistically significant at p < 0.05. To measure how determining trust values may impact query execution times we use our tSPARQL query engine with a disabled trust value cache to execute the extended BSBM. However  , this problem is solvable in pseudopolynomial time with dynamic programming 6 . XSEarch returns semantically related fragments  , ranked by estimated relevance. We used pre-trained 500 dimensional word vectors 4 that put semantically related words close together in space. In the following  , we outline correspondences between elements of BMEcat and GoodRelations and propose a mapping between the BMEcat XML format and the GoodRelations vocabulary. Section 3 describes the general approach of CyCLaDEs. We use a JAVA MCMC program to obtain samples from the joint posterior distribution described in Equation 1. To build the DocSpace  , Semantic Vectors rely on a technique called Random Indexing 4  , which performs a matrix reduction of the term-document matrix. We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. quality of indexing  , or of relevance judgement influencing the retrieval outputs 1 ,18. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2. Ranking is the central part of many applications including document retrieval  , recommender systems  , advertising and so on. While sorting by relevance can be useful   , clearly the sequence of components in documents is typically based on something more meaningful. Wavelet packets allow one to find the best minimum tree for reconstruction with respect to a certain measure. The transfer function matrix Gi is expressed as follows; Note that the model is sufficiently general in the sense that the expressions can be extended to operate on any new schematic information that may be of interest. When tuples are deleted from a view or a relation  , the effect must be propagated to all " higher-level " views defined on the view/relation undergoing the deletion. These methods have become prominent in recent years because they combine scalability with high predictive accuracy. The results obtained using the remaining methods are presented in Table 2. We describe how we train the Word Embedding models in Section 5. Other  , more sophisticated IBT approaches using the maximum subsequence optimization may still yield improvement  , but we leave this as future work. In this section we further study the distribution of co-reference in Linked Data to set up an environment in which LHD-d is evaluated. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. The unweighted veriosn of cluster recall RU is defined as the percentage of distinct semantic clusters that are represented in the generated timeline out of the judged semantic clusters. However  , semantic optimization increases the search space of possible plans by an order of magnitude  , and very ellicient searching techniques are needed to keep .the cost'of optimization within reasonable limits. Second  , the project operations are posponed until the end of the query evaluation. The Change Detection CD module is presented in Section 4.2. The randomized ensemble of EMMI and FC which we shall now call FCMI achieves the highest accuracy rates compared to individual MDTs. However  , measuring learning is very difficult to do reliably in practice. To address the issues associated with the basic and entropybased LSH methods  , we propose a new method called multiprobe LSH  , which uses a more systematic approach to explore hash buckets. The DMG-Lib concept and workflow takes into account that technical knowledge exists in different forms e.g. The retrieval model was originally proposed for CLIR. For MR-TDSSM  , we implemented two LSTMs in different rates  , where the fast-rate LSTM uses daily signals and the slow-rate LSTM uses weekly signals. In addition to this ultra heterogeneous data  , we created a very large database of Random Walk data RW II  , since this is the most studied dataset for indexing comparisons 5  , 6  , 17  , 24  , 25  , 34 and is  , by contrast with the above  , a very homogeneous dataset. Although it works well in a single dataset 9  , it will fail when thousands of locally unbalanced distance metrics are fused together. However   , words are discrete by nature; it seems nonsensical to feed word indexes to DNNs. When dealing with small amounts of labelled data  , starting from pre-trained word embeddings is a large step towards successfully training an accurate deep learning system. The distribution is of the form Under the Clarke-Tax  , users are required to indicate their privacy preference  , along with their perceived importance of the expressed preference. In this paper we present a new and unique approach to dynamic sensing strategies. The queries are in line with the BSBM mix of SPARQL queries and with the BSBM e-commerce use case that considers products as well as offers and reviews for these products. Shannon Entropy is defined as There are many different types of solution concepts in game theory  , the Nash Equilibrium being the most famous example of a solution concept. The likelihood of the data increases with each iteration  , and the loop closure error decreases  , improving significantly from a baseline static M-estimator. The automatic generation of a 3D paint path has been attempted in the Smartpainter project. The one-dimensional Fast Fourier Transform is then applied to this array. The first method is to take the fast Fourier transform FFT of the impulse response for Table 2: Characteristic frequencies for link 2 a given impulse command. It is of the following form: It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference and  , since the PL-EM is more stable than CL-EM  , 10 rounds of EM. Figure 4 shows the relative English-French CLIR effectiveness as compared to the monolingual French baseline. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. Other disciplines that promise to support for a better grounded discipline of CSD for business value include utility theory  , game theory  , financial engineering e.g. Negative experiences in using RaPiD7 exist  , too. By contrast to 5  , which uses MCMC to obtain samples from the model posterior  , we utilize L-BFGS 18 to directly maximize the model log-probability. The CS does not support collection specific services  , i. e. all the users perceive the same services in their working space. We believe ours is the first solution based on traditional dynamic-programming techniques. We do not know of any that have used interdependence theory. The LFA strategy is a special case of the generalized LFA strategy with l = 1. We can continue in this manner and get the initial state vector. This reader provides thumbnail overviews  , freehand pen annotations  , highlighting  , text sticky notes  , bookmarks  , and full text keyword search. These feature vectors are further used for training a Self-Organizing Map. Latent variable modeling is a promising technique for many analytics and predictive inference applications. The influence spread of top-k nodes seems always converges with smaller number of iterations than the convergence of the set of top-k nodes. We observe that our approach favors the current version i.e. Each of the 6 NASA TLX semantic differentials was compared across document size and document relevance level. , trajectories collected during these experiments or simulations . Table 4presents our experimental results  , as well as the four best methods according to their experiments   , i.e. , 2000 are some exemplars of Word Vectors. The matrix Wsc denotes the projection matrix from the vector state sr+1 to the vector cr+1. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed control method for the exoskeleton  , upper-lib motion assist bower assist experiment has be& carried out with tbree healthy human subjects Subject A and B are 22 years old males  , Subject C is 23 years old male. Our method outperforms these methods in all configurations. We restrict the training pages to the first k pages when traversing the website using breadth first search. In all cities  , we observe the same two main results. We have proposed the aspect model latent variable method for cold-start recommending. Learning scheme. Besides  , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 37 is the bit allocation optimization step to find the parameter b1  , . Word- Net is an expensive resource that was relied upon by the LSH-FSD system of 11 to obtain high FSD effectiveness. BMEcat2GoodRelations is a portable command line Python application to facilitate the conversion of BMEcat XML files into their corresponding RDF representation anchored in the GoodRelations ontology for e-commerce. To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. The learning rate and hyperparameters of factor models are searched on the first training data. 25 concentrates on parallelizing stochastic gradient descent for matrix completion. Our own source code for fitting the two-way aspect model is available online 28. These benefits include verification of architectural constraints on component compositions  , and increased opporttmities for optimization between components. The Social Intelligence BenchMark SIB 11  is an RDF benchmark that introduces the S3G2 Scalable Structure-correlated Social Graph Generator for generating social graphs that contain certain structural correlations. The notation presented here draws heavily from game theory 6. The CCF between two time series describes the normalized cross covariance and can be computed as: A common measure for the correlation is the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient. We explore those questions by empirically simulating IMRank with five typical initial rankings as follows  , Empirical results on the HEPT dataset under the WIC model are reported in Figure 3  , to compare the performance of IMRank with different initial rankings  , as well as the performance of those rankings alone. Interpretations to a book vary much in different reviews  , just as Shakespeare said  , " There are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes " . We experimented with BSBM 4 and SP2B 29 datasets  , varying the sizes of data. Speaking of the allow-or-charge area  , the quantity scale defined in BMEcat is divided into the actual quantity scale and the functional discount that has to be applied  , too. We choose questions from two standard Q&A questions and answers test sets  , namely  , QALD and WebQuestions as query contexts and ask a group of users to construct queries complying with these questions and check the results with the answers in the test sets. Modeling and feature selection is integrated into the search over the space of database queries generating feature candidates involving complex interactions among objects in a given database. Nonetheless  , the results suggest that a simple dictionary-based approach can be as effective as a sophisticated MT system for CLIR. In order to extract the motions required for performing dynamic folding of the cloth  , we first analyze the dynamic folding performed by a human subject. The second author then revealed the actual changes and the black-box testing results. Thus  , robots visiting one website will not affect the probability of visiting the other. Kumar et al. F'urthermore   , additional structure from modern game theory can be incorporated. Smoothed unigram language modeling has been developed to capture the predictive ability of individual words based on their frequency at each reading difficulty level 7. We deal with this problem by starting from multiple starting points. Finally  , Figure 4shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity at all ranks. These approaches frequently use probabilistic graphical models PGMs for their support for modeling complex relationships under uncertainty. Further  , we also see in Figure 3and Figure 4that across different settings of K  , in most cases the averaged performance of LapPLSA exceeds that of pLSA. Section 5 combines variational inference and stochastic gradient descent to present methods for large scale parallel inference for this probabilistic model. , NDCG by using the Simulated Annealing which uses a modification of downhill Simplex method for the next candidate move to find the global min- imum. have been generated based on keyword and document semantic proximities 7. unsupervised or only a fraction i.e. The ranking loss performance of our methods Unstructured PLSA/Structured PLSA + Local Prediction/Global Prediction is almost always better than the baseline. TBSL 19 uses so called BOA patterns as well as string similarities to fill the missing URIs in query templates and bridge the lexical gap. L is the average number of non-zero features in each training instance. In the initial time-step  , the end-to-end output from the encoding procedure is used as the original input into first LSTM layer. Our experiments with an English-French test collection for which a large number of topics are available showed that CLIR using bidirectional translation knowledge together with statistical synonymy significantly outperformed CLIR in which only unidirectional translation knowledge was exploited  , achieving CLIR effectiveness comparable to monolingual effectiveness under similar conditions. However   , this strategy is only applicable when 3D models of the objects are available and the curvature of the objects is relatively small. , the one that was downloaded by the target users the most  , thereby indicating that our VSR model effectively targets the version of an app that maximizes its chances of being acquired by the target user. SPL-programs for example are found in the libraries XSPL and SPL. Parallel texts have been used in several studies on CLIR 2  , 6  , 19. On the other hand  , formal RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions can be quite alike. The objectives now will be reduced to finding the controller Cs which minimizes the infinity norm of the transfer matrix from input yd to the output vector z or  , Find Cs to minimize IITydzll , In 5 some numeric values for the components of the joint axis vectors and distance vectors to the manipulator tip were found  , for whiclr the Jacobian matrices have condition numbers of 1. the catalog group taxonomy. As the granularity approaches zero  , the regions returned by STING approach the result of DBSCAN. Today's compilers are quite sophisticated and are capable of using performance information to improve optimization. As a partial solution to mitigate the shortage of missing product master data in the context of e-commerce on the Web of Data  , we propose the BME- cat2GoodRelations converter. The similarity between users based on the user-class matrix can still be measured by computing Pearson correlation. However   , there are two difficulties in calculating stochastic gradient descents. Accordingly  , products in GoodRelations are assigned corresponding classes from the catalog group system  , i.e. In this section  , we will extend the above joint word-image embedding model to address our problem. Moreover  , we aim to integrate HAWK in domain-specific information systems where the more specialized context will most probably lead to higher F-measures. This indicates the proposed fast implementation scheme works well  , both in equivalent combination scheme and the use of approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. one of our long-term research goals to find a general model which transforms raw image data directly into " ac-tion values " . BMEcat is a powerful XML standard for the exchange of electronic product catalogs between suppliers and purchasing companies in B2B settings. For example  , Smeaton and Callan 29 describe the characteristics of personalization  , recommendation  , and social aspects in next generation digital libraries  , while 1  , 26 describe an implementation of personalized recommender services in the CYCLADES digital library environment. The Pearson correlations of the predicted voice quality and human-annotated voice quality are illustrated in Table  3. Each value is the mean performance value of 163 retrieval tasks performed 9 . Cost based optimization will be explored as another avenue of future work. 5 Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: rerank retrieved questions by query likelihood model system 1 using submodular function Eqn.13. The third component is identification of documents for human relevance assessment. The default resolution of symbols is to routines in the library itself. Therefore  , the imputation method used in our experiment fits better for S&P500 data set. Finally  , we describe relevance scoring functions corresponding to the types of queries. On SemSearch ES  , ListSearch and INEX-LD  , where the queries are keyword queries like 'Charles Darwin'  , LeToR methods show significant improvements over FSDM. If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. Furthermore  , at the end of the indexing the individual fingerprint trees can be collected with sorting and merging operations  , as the longest possible path in each fingerprint tree is due to Lemma 2 the labels are strictly increasing but cannot grow over . We used the following parameters: BSBM 10M  , 10 LDF clients  , and RP S view = 4 and CON view = 9. Figure 11shows the analytical and experimental values of G for t w o orthogonal directions. Game theory researchers have extensively studied the representations and strategies used in games 3. On the other hand  , agile modeling provides a number of pragmatic ideas how to perform agile modeling sessions to produce certain kind of models. This problem is equivalent to finding K that maximizes the probability of generating new data  , i.e. In here  , we further developed and used a fully probabilistic retrieval model. We implement rating imputation testing by taking held out observations from the MovieLens data and predicting ratings on this set. This paper investigated a framework of Multi-Kernel Locality- Sensitive Hashing by exploring multiple kernels for efficient and scalable content-based image retrieval. ranging from the macroscopic level -paper foLding or gift wrapping -to the microscopic level -protein folding. Recently  , several approaches have been developed for selecting references for reference-based indexing 11  , 17. bound3 is the bound obtained using a random point rand inside the hull. In the case of Weidmüller  , the conversion result is available online 11 . Generating all recommendations for one user took 60 milliseconds. The log-likelihood function could be represented as:   , YN }  , we need to estimate the optimal model setting Θ = {λ k } K k=1   , which maximizes the conditional likelihood defined in Eq1 over the training set. To overcome this problem  , we run the optimization for a given target trajectory for 100 times  , using different initial guesses for the starting parameters  , chosen with the following procedure: a robot configuration θ is defined randomly  , within the range of allowed values; a trajectory is determined as a straight line between the given initial and the randomly defined configuration  , by algebraic computations of the B-spline parameters; these latter parameters are taken as initial guess. By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. Consider a two class classification problem. In the M-step  , we fix the posteriors and update Λ that maximizes Equation 8. As shown in Table 4  , the proposed methods outperformed TF*IDF in terms of multiple metrics. The Servo thread is an interrupt service routine ISR which The windows are grouped in two sections: operator windows green softkeys and expert windows blue softkeys. From the above results  , we conclude that the representation d 3 of a document d provides the means to transfer behavioral information between query sessions  , whose SERPs contain the document d. And this  , in turn  , helps to better explain user clicks on a SERP. When a user enters a freetext query string  , the corpus of webpages is ranked using an IR approach and then the mapping from webpages back to songs is used to retrieve relevant songs. In particular  , users' querying behavior their " talk "  is a more limited source of predictive signal than their browsing behavior their " walk " . To evaluate the ability of generative models  , we numerically compared the models by computing test-set perplexity PPX. The above question can be reformulated as follows. Second   , the Clarke-Tax has proven to have important desirable properties: it is not manipulable by individuals  , it promotes truthfulness among users 11  , and finally it is simple. In addition  , we find that the performance differences of different imputation methods are slight on small datasets  , like Albrecht and Kemerer. According to the theory of general fixedpoint equations in complete dioids  , we have y = ca%u  , where h = ca% is the transfer function matrix of the system. A finite-difference method is used to solve the boundary value problem. Annotations made in the reader are automatically stored in the same Up- Lib repository that stores the image and text projections. First  , as our problems are not posed in an environment containing external obstacles  , the only collision constraint we impose is that our configurations be self-collision free  , and  , for the protein folding problem  , our preference for low energy con­ formations leads to an additional constraint on the feasible conformations. This reasoning may partially explain why ensemble tree models  , such as Random Forest  , are considered superior to standalone tree models. ii it discards immediately irrelevant tuples. The inference is performed by Variational EM. Furthermore  , I would like to thank the pilot users and teams in Nokia  , especially I would like to thank Stephan Irrgang  , Roland Meyer  , Thomas Wirtz  , Juha Yli-Olli and Miia Forssell. This means that hypotheses about specific entities must be considered in the e.g. This reduced breadth of access is further evidence for the goaldriven behaviour seen in search. The Ad Hoc task provides a useful opportunity for us to get new people familiar with the tools that we will be using in the CLIR track|this year we submitted a single oocial Ad Hoc run using Inquery 3.1p1 with the default settings. For example  , a pattern of a 'term' type is a set of unigrams that make up a phrase  , such as {support  , vector  , machine} or 'support vector machine' for simpler notation. Research in the area of CLIR has focused mainly on methods for query translation. the two baselines  , when using a random forest as the base classifier. Now  , the optimization problem reduces to estimating the coefficients by maximizing the log-posterior which is the sum of the log-likelihood Eq. Table 2 shows the average results of the basic LSH  , entropybased LSH and multi-probe LSH methods using 100 random queries with the image dataset and the audio dataset. 5 Due to the utilization of a set of special properties of empty result sets  , its coverage detection capability is often more powerful than that of a traditional materialized view method. Based on the results of this study our future research will involve the identification of language pairs for which fuzzy translation is effective  , the improvement of the rules for example  , utilising rule co-occurrence information  , testing the effects of tuning a confidence factor by a specific language pair  , selecting the best TRT and fuzzy matching combination  , and testing how to apply fuzzy translation in actual CLIR research. We compute the discrete plan as a tree using the breadth first search. This is probably why more efforts are put into the preparation work when using JAD  , and why with JAD the typical " from preparation to a finished document -time " is longer than with RaPiD7. We generate co-reference for each class separately to make sure that resources are only equivalent to those of the same class. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. Then we use: The same optimization except for the absorption of new would yield a structuring scheme which creates objects only for lm aliases. UC also includes a utility to scan a portion of the file system specified by the user. Next  , we describe the experimental settings. We note that our method only relies on word embeddings and the availability of word lists to construct the paraphrase matrix. For each document identifier passed to the Snippet Engine   , the engine must generate text  , preferably containing query terms  , that attempts to summarize that document. By quantifying the amount of information required to explain probability distribution changes  , the proposed least information theory LIT establishes a new basic information quantity and provides insight into how terms can be weighted based on their probability distributions in documents vs. in the collection. The two functions will be used to evaluate both our GPbased approach and the baseline method in our experiments. This MTL method assumes that all tasks are related to each other and it tries to transfer knowledge between all tasks. The two are related quantities with different focuses. is the multi-dimensional likelihood function of the object being in all of the defined classes and all poses given a particular class return. A search engine deploying learning to rank techniques reranks the top K documents retrieved by a standard weighting model  , known as the sample 3  , as shown in Figure 1. Applying the Shannon Entropy equation directly will be misleading. RQ3 Does the representation q 2 of a query q as defined in §3.2.2 provide the means to transfer behavioral information from historical query sessions generated by the query q to new query sessions generated by the query q ? In traditional approaches users provide manual assessments of relevance  , or semantic similarity. Each evaluator wrote down his steps in constructing the query. To remain in the scope of the use cases discussed  , the examples are chosen from the BSH BMEcat products catalog  , within the German e-commerce marketplace. This section introduces the optimization methodology on Riemannian manifolds. Several probabilistic retrieval models for integrating term statistics with entity search using multiple levels of document context to improve the performance of chemical patent invalidity search. The p-value confirms the statistically significance of the high Pearson correlation when the lead time is less than 2 weeks. We also considered the two-sample Kolmogorov -Smirnov KS Test 6  , a non-parametric test that tests if the two samples are drawn from the same distribution by comparing the cumulative distribution functions CDF of the two samples. Given two ranked lists of items  , the Spearman correlation coefficient 11 is defined as the Pearson correlation coefficient between the ranks i.e. This has been observed in some early studies 8. To ensure the FFT functioned appropriately  , the data was limited to a range which covered only an integer number of cycles. By summing log likelihood of all click sequences  , we get the following log-likelihood function: The exact derivation is omitted to save space. Intuitively  , this definition captures the notion that since a search engine generates a ranking of documents by scoring them according to various criteria  , the scores used for ranking may only accurately resolve document relevance to within some toleration . Therefore  , 5 entries in the profile is sometimes not enough to compute a good similarity. To gauge the effectiveness of our system compared to other similar systems  , we developed a version of our tagging suggestion engine that was integrated with the raw  , uncompressed tag data and did not use the case-evaluator for scoring  , aside from counting frequency of occurrence in the result set. Each dataset has its own community of 50 clients running BSBM queries. In all cases  , the PL hypothesis provides a p-value much lower than 0.1 our choice of the significance level of the KS-test. To date  , product master data is typically passed along the value chain using Business to Business B2B channels based on Electronic Data Interchange EDI standards such as BMEcat catalog from the German Federal Association for Materials Management  , Purchasing and Logistics 3  12. Susskind et al. In the rank scoring metric  , method G-Click has a significant p < 0.01 23.37% improvement over method WEB and P-Click method have a significant p < 0.01 23.68% improvement over method WEB. First  , we used the data extracted from DBpedia consisting of the 52 numeric & textual data properties of the City class to test our proposed overall approach SemanticTyper. From the standpoint of retrieval theory  , the presumption has been that relevance should be explicitly recognized in any formal model of retrieval. 14 In this way  , one could estimate a general user vocabulary model  , that describes the searcher's active and passive language use in more than just term frequencies. For some WordNet nodes  , they consist of multiple phrases  , e.g. Without the efforts of these users we would not have such good results nor would we have RaPiD7 as an institutionalized way of working. As expected  , the Support Vector Machine was the most robust method  , also with respect to outliers  , i.e. We train the embeddings of the words in comments using skip-bigram model 10  with window size of 10 using hierarchical softmax training. Section 4 discusses our CLIR approaches. In a breadth-first search approach the arrangement enumeration tree is explored in a top-bottom manner  , i.e. Figure 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q consistently outperforms NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity for all queries  , with larger improvements observed for less frequent queries. to increase efficiency or the field's yield  , in economic or environmental terms. Random Forest is the classifier used. Internally  , the framework builds up a microscopic representation of the system based on these observations as well as on a list of interactions of interest specified by the user. In the startup phase  , initial estimates of the hyperparameters φ 0 are obtained. It first understands the NL query by extracting phrases and labeling them as resource  , relation  , type or variable to produce a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG. Computational epidemiologybased methods i.e. Section 5 reports our experimental results. Figure 2billustrates the highest and second highest bid in the test set  , items that we did not observe when fitting the model. Berberich et al. The price factor of 0.95 of BMEcat is transferred to a discount by the formula PercentageFactor=PRICE_FACTOR -1. , ridge regularization. An update in Q-learning takes the form To keep experimental design approachable  , we dropped the use of guidance which is an additional input to speedup learning. On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. We plan to investigate these methods in future work. Figure 2 clearly shows that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS-test-based approach achieves much higher MRR than the other 4 approaches for all number of labelled data sources used in training. Their methods automatically estimate the scaling parameter s  , by selecting the fit that minimizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS D − statistic. We investigate query translation based CLIR here. Moreover  , applying MCMC to our proposal distribution significantly improves the SLAM performance. Hence  , the optimum wavelet tree represents the maximum entropy contained in the image and thereby its information content. To optimize the poses and landmarks  , we create a metric environment map by embedding metric information to nodes by breadth-first search over graph. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. Through repetitively replacing bad vertices with better points the simplex moves downhill. The exception to this trend is Mammography   , which reports zero correlation categorically  , as within each test either all or none of the features fail the KS test except for some MCAR trials for which failure occurred totally at random. This challenge can be addressed in various ways: i a scalable vector tuning and updating for new comments  , ii inferring low-dimentional vector for new comments using gradient descent using the parameters  , the word vectors and the softmax weights from the trained model  , and iii approximating the new vector by estimating the distance of the new comment to the previous comments using the words and their representations. Considering SAE with k layers  , the first layer will be the autoencoder  , with the training set as the input. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. to represent a navigation structure in a Web shop. The problem can be solved by existing numerical optimization methods such as alternating minimization and stochastic gradient descent. Plume is a library of utility programs and data structures http://code.google. This mechanism guarantees a new pattern will be correctly assigned into corresponding clusters. The two figures show that even at different granularities  , both NST@Self and NSTS@Crowd present similar patterns in check-in data and online shopping data  , which implies that novelty-seeking trait distribution tends to show consistency across heterogeneous domains. While view materialization is well understood for traditional relational databases  , it remains an active research for XML and RDF stores. The objective function for the dynamic programming implementation is defined as Finding the path is one of programming technique 4. There have been extensive studies on the probabilistic model5 ,6 ,7 ,8. The CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model draws on the intuition that the sequence of features e.g. Each word type is associated with its own embedding. The workshops are well prepared  , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. Given the wide availability of standard word embedding software and word lists for most languages  , both resources are significantly easier to obtain than manually curating lexical paraphrases   , for example by creating WordNet synsets. The query mix of BSBM use often 16 predicates. The question of interest in cooperative and competitive games is what strategies players should follow to maximize the expected payoff. With the running time dramatically reduced  , IMRank1 still achieves better influence spread which is about 5.5% and 4.5% higher than that of IRIE and PMIA respectively. This gives the opportunity of performing an individual  , " customized " optimization for both streams. Downhill Simplex method approximates the size of the region that can be reached at temperature T  , and it samples new points. The matrices Wqs  , Wss  , Wis  , W ds denote the projections applied to the vectors q  , sr  , ir  , dr+1; the matrix I denotes an identity matrix. 2 presented an incremental automatic question recommendation framework based on PLSA. In fact  , Edsgar Dijkstra was so offended by the frequency of such talk that he suggested instituting a system of fines to stamp it out 12. This situation does not take the sentiment information into account. Usually  , the Euclidean distance between the weight vector and the input pattern is used to calculate a unit's activation. So  , when tackling the phrase-level sentiment classification  , we form a sentence matrix S as follows: for each token in a tweet  , we have to look up its corresponding word embedding in the word matrix W  , and the embedding for one of the two word types. -We shall compare the methods for extensible optimization in more detail in BeG89. We propose a robust method called DCT fingerprinting to address the sensitivity problem of hash-breaking. Shannon entropy: Shannon entropy 27 allows to estimate the average minimum number of bits needed to encode a string of symbols in binary form if log base is 2 based on the alphabet size and the frequency of symbols. There is significant scientific work to support this view. Our unsupervised scoring function is based on 3 main observations. Session: LBR Highlights March 5–8  , 2012  , Boston  , Massachusetts  , USA  Multiple autoencoders can be stacked so that the activations of hidden layer l are used as inputs to the autoencoder at layer l + 1. We applied a Self-Organizing Feature Map SOFM assuming that the maximum number of components of a visitor behavior vector is H = 6. Each training iteration t starts with the random selection of one input pattern xt. The re~rieval-with-probabilistic-indexing RPI model described here is suited to different models of probabilis- Uc indexing. Audio signals consists of a time-series of samples  , which we denote as st. The final step mimics user evaluation of the results  , based on his/her knowledge. The generated hypotheses are then passed to the verifier. Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. One important application of predictive modeling is to correctly identify the characteristics of different health issues by understanding the patient data found in EHR 6. As shown  , topic-based metrics have correlation with the number of bugs at different levels. Some of them suppose a particular geometry planar or with three intersecting axes  , others a fixed kinematic joint type or general mobilities  or even no constraints in the optimization no obstacle avoidance for instance. 9 proposed a block-based index to improve retrieval speed by reducing random accesses to posting lists. The performance also varies depending on the choice of scoring function. After word segmentation we get a sequence of meaningful words from each text query. News has traditionally been delivered in pre-packaged forms originally in newspapers   , which h a ve subsequently been joined by radio and television broadcasts  , and most recently by internet news services. 23 took advantage of learning deep belief nets to classify facial action units in realistic face images. Therefore  , we use the LSTM configuration in the subsequent experiments. Since the number of observations is small n = 31  , we fitted the proposed model with the order q = 1  , 2  , 3 and 4. This approach uses intuition similar to He's work on CLIR 9. We also use as baselines two types of existing effective metrics based on PMI and LSA. introduced an incremental version of DBSCAN 10. The efficiency of it to improve the performance of IR has been affirmed widely. On the other side  , BMEcat does not explicitly discriminate types of features  , so features FEA- TURE  typically consist of FNAME  , FVALUE and  , optionally  , an FUNIT element. Typically  , the optimization finishes within 30 iterations. They are matched to one of these C groups by applying a PLSA model on the concatenated document features. It corresponds to the cosine of deviations from the mean: The first one proposed in 2 is pearson correlation. The average dimension was approximately about 6000 states. The cosine similarity metric based on the vector space model has been widely used for comparing similarity between search query and document in the information retrieval literature Salton et al. One method  , the VP-tree 36  , partitions the data space into spherical cuts by selecting random reference points from the data. In the information theory  , the concept of entropy developed by Shannon measures the extent to which a system is organized or disorganized. An additional probabilistic model is that of Fuhr 4. The pursuer could then be envisioned as an electric train that carries an inexpensive detection device. To identify them  , we compute the Shannon entropy from the vector of the smell frequencies < f S  ,t > S for each month t. We find that the least distinctive month is January  , while the most distinctive ones are March  , April  , and May. We collected all the data in an SPARQL-capable RDF store and extrapolated some statistics to substantiate the potential of our approach. It can be seen that the product data provided across the different sources vary significantly. Few did pose the problem of predicting CLIR performance or whether to translate a query term or not. In the course of Q-learning  , a utility function of action-state pairs  , Q  , will be gradually obtained that indicates which action in some state will lead to a better state in order to receive rewards in the future. The value that results in the best performance is shown in the graphs for DBSCAN. Table 2shows the Spearman correlation coefficient ρ and the Pearson correlation values for each of the distances with the AP. Our approach called SemanticTyper is significantly different from approaches in past work in that we attempt to capture the distribution and hence characteristic properties of the data corresponding to a semantic label as a whole rather than extracting features from individual data values. This is an implementation of an entity identification problem 50. Another objective of this research is to discover whether reducing the imbalance in the training data would improve the predictive performance for the 8 modeling methods we have evaluated.  Neural Responding Machine. To combat this problem  , we propose a Last-to-First Allocating LFA strategy to efficiently estimate Mr  , leveraging the intrinsic interdependence between ranking and ranking-based marginal influence spread. Hundreds of people have been involved in making RaPiD7 as a working practice in Nokia. 19. the optimization time of DPccp is always 1. Clearly  , there is significantly fewer cross community edges  , and more inner community conductorships in the communities extracted by NetPLSA than PLSA. Additionally   , we identified examples that illustrate the problem scenario described relying on structured data collected from 2500+ online shops together with their product offerings. As noise is canceled   , the KM-imputed data has slightly lower complexity than the unseen original. Our previous work 1  , 2 describes some designs that achieve this goal. Internet advertising is a complex problem. Unlike gradient descent  , in SGD  , the global objective function L D θ is not accessible during the stochastic search. One can design a positioning compensator to develop a tracklng system such that the closed-loop system IS always robust to the bounded uncertalnties In the open loop dynamlcs of the robot. By a depth-first search of the set enumeration tree of transitive reductions of partial orders  , Frecpo will not miss any frequent partial order. Game theory provides a natural framework for solving problems with uncertainty. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . There were 100 trees used in the random forest approach and in the ensemble for the random subspace approach. There are no semantic or pragmatic theories to guide us. Figure 5ashows how the vector states sr for different ranks r are positioned in the space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . The probabilistic retrieval model is attractive because it provides a theoretical foundation for the retrieval operation which takes into account the notion of document relevance. 5. After all  , if projects are planned according to RaPiD7 methodology there will be a number of workshops to participate in. Therefore  , IMRank is robust to the selection of initial ranking  , and IMRank works well with an initial ranking prefering nodes with high influence  , which could be obtained efficiently in practice. Here we compare the our results with the result published by QALD-5 10. Using WE word representation models  , scholars have improved the performance of classification 6  , machine translation 16  , and other tasks. The combined likelihood function for pixel v  , pv  , is simply the product of the three individual likelihood functions. From the above results  , we conclude that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns the concept " current document rank " although we do not explicitly provide this concept in the document representation. While some approaches use special ranking loss layers 10  , we have extended the CNN architecture using a sigmoid layer instead of the softmax layer and a cross entropy loss function. Since each hash table entry consumes about 16 bytes in our implementation   , 2 gigabytes of main memory can hold the index data structure of the basic LSH method for about 4-million images to achieve a 0.93 recall. 2011 25 is made an extensive series of tests with several missing values treatment techniques  , and two interesting conclusions are drawn. This demonstrates the real ability of Linked Data-based systems to provide the user with valuable relevant concepts. Thus  , in practice we look for a subset that maximizes the Pearson correlation betweenˆMΦ betweenˆ betweenˆMΦ and M . To answer RQ1  , for each action ID we split the observed times in two context groups  , which correspond to different sets of previous user interactions  , and run the two-sample twosided Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 14 to determine whether the observed times were drawn from the same distribution. Such effectiveness is consistent across different translation approaches as well as benchmarks. We then refine the association matrix probabilistically. All the resulting queries together with their query plans are also available at http://bit.ly/15XSdDM. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels  , product classes  , properties  , value instances  , and top-level classes for each product ontology. BPTT is to iteratively repeat the calculation of derivations of J with respect to different parameters and obtain these gradients of all the parameters in the end. The literature on missing data 1 ,12 ,18 provides several methods for data imputation that can be used for this purpose. We believe that our results can guide implementors of search engines  , making it clear what scoring functions may make it hard for a client meta-broker to merge information properly  , and making it clear how much the meta-broker needs to know about the scoring function. Substantial research on object-oriented query optimization has focused on the design and use of path indexes  , e.g. In addition  , Figure 4shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q performs as good as NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity at all ranks. 6 indicates that even in pathological cases where χ 2 tests and D KL measures signal a low quality fit  , the log-normal model still provides an acceptable description of the general behavior of the meme. In this paper  , we presented TL-PLSA  , a new approach to transfer learning  , based on PLSA. Tanaka 1986 6 proposed the first macroscopic constitutive model. The differences between the neural click models can be explained as follows. Recently  , Word Embedding WE has emerged as a more effective word representation than  , among others  , LSA 8  , 9  , 10. Edsger Dijkstra has written eloquently of " our inability to do much " 5. The transfer function matrix H is doubly-astic. This enables a principled integration of the thesaurus model and a probabilistic retrieval model. We use the log-likelihood LL and the Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance KS-distance 8 to evaluate the goodness-of-fit of and . More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. Periodically  , the fast Fourier transform FFT yields a signal spectrum: But the bcst way is to determine TI and T2 directly in DSP from input data array xn. 20 showed how to compute general Dynamic Programming problem distributively. For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers  , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. For example  , consider the following two queries: In general  , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. He used residual functions for fitting projected model and features in the image. In this example  , we will show two different approaches to find the transfer function matrix. The presence of the FUNIT element helps to distinguish quantitative properties from datatype and qualitative properties  , because quantitative values are determined by numeric values and units of measurements  , e.g. In that sense  , we have presented a new framework for integrating external predicates into Datalog. It is given by This method needs lots of hierarchical links as its training data. The setup environment is composed of an LDF server  , a reverse proxy and different number of clients. For a given Latent Semantic Space Iterative computation methods for fitting such a model to a table are described in Christensen 2 . We randomly split the data into a training set 251 queries and an evaluation set 40 queries as follows: As a result of not using all the base relations  , there may be situations where there is not enough information to maintain a view unambiguously  , even if we are given the specific contents of the views  , a subset of the base relations  , and the base update. This simplifies query optimization Amma85. Two parameters must be set for DBSCAN: and M inP ts. After adding each predictor  , a likelihood test is conducted to check whether the new predictor has increased the model fitting 6. Thus the system has to perform plan migration after the query optimization. Folded testing. There is a generator of random changes which is a procedure that takes a random step from λ to λ + Δλ. Optimization of the internal query represen- tation. Meta query optimization. The rationale underlying such a decomposition of the original action model into two probabilistic models  , the preference and the item action model  , is two folds. The second issue is the problem of cross-language information retrieval. This section describes an important when there is an acceleration or deceleration  , the amplitude is greater than a threshold. BMEcat and OAGIS to the minimum models of cXML and RosettaNet is not possible. Moreover   , there is no significant correlation between B and the number of relevant documents Pearson r = 0.059. , they group vector states by rank  , distance to the previous click. Next  , consider the background model for each of the probabilistic retrieval models. In the second experiment  , the robot moved along a corridor environment about 60 meters while capturing images under varying illumination conditions  , as shown in Fig. White et al. These triples were generated as follows: We first executed the SPARQL query and randomly selected up to five results from the query answer. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. There are workloads that are very sensitive to changes of the DMP. At IBM  , a variety of approaches have been considered for estimating the wallet of customers for information technology IT products  , including heuristic approaches and predictive modeling. The breadth-first search weighted by its distance from the reference keyframe is performed  , and the visited keyframes are registered in the temporary global coordinate system. We propose an approach to estimate the translation probability of a query term according to its effect on CLIR. The situation changes for a local cache with 10 ,000 entries  , in this case  , the hit-rate of local cache is 59 % and 28 % for behavioral cache  , only 13 % of calls are forwarded to the server. Since the egg was folded on the preheated ceramic plate  , it folded itself in 3 minutes. The QUERY LANGUAGE OPTIMIZER will optimize this query into an optimized access plan. We have presented a predictive model of the Web based on a probabilistic decomposition  , along with a statistical model fitting procedure. The problem of frequent model retraining and scalability results from the fact that the total number of users and items is usually very large in practical systems  , and new ratings are usually made by users continuously. We begin with the standard approach which is operational  , and uses the formal power series. The Pearson score is defined as follows: In particular  , we quantify behavioral agreement using the Pearson correlation score between the ratings of two users  , and we compare this between users with positive and negative links. Kendall's τ evaluates the correlation of two lists of items by counting their concordant and discordant pairs. In sum  , we have theoretically and empirically demonstrated the convergence of IMRank. However  , imputation can be very expensive as it significantly increases the amount of ratings  , and inaccurate imputation may distort the data consider- ably 17. Other methods require  , in fact  , setting the dwell time threshold before the model is actually built. A derived relation is defined by a relational expression query over the base relations. In that sense  , BMEcat2GoodRelations is to the best of our knowledge the only solution developed with open standards  , readily available to both manufacturers and retailers to convert product master data from BMEcat into structured RDF data suitable for publication and consumption on the Web of Data. In the faceted distillation task  , we use the support vector machine to evaluate the extent to which a blog post is opinionated. This paper explores the use of word embeddings of enhance IR effectiveness. First  , it is well suited to our domain  , in that it proposes a simple voting scheme  , where users express their opinions about a common good i.e. Games in game theory tend to encompass limited interactions over a small range of behaviors and are focused on a small number of well-defined interactions. We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: This reduces the cost of calculating the normalization factor from O|V| to Olog |V|. The alternative is to mine all data in-place and thus build k predictive models base-models locally. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. A survey can be found in 3. Semantic errors were reported to developers who quickly confirmed their relevance and took actions to correct them. We started by measuring Lucene's out of the box search quality for TREC data and found that it is significantly inferior to other search engines that participate in TREC  , and in particular comparing to our search engine Juru. In particular   , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D strongly relies on the current document rank to explain user browsing behavior on top positions. ClassificationCentainty as 'compute the Random forest 4  class probability that has the highest value'. Second  , their technique is essentially unsupervised   , which does not fully explore the data characteristics and thus cannot achieve the optimal indexing performance. This part of experiment is indicated as Supervised Modeling Section 3.3. To conclude with the above example  , suppose that we want to obtain the objects and not only the Definition attribute e.g. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. LSA Landauer and Dumais  , 1997  , Hyper Analog to Language Lund and Burgess  , 1996 and Random Indexing Kanerva et al. After all documents are indexed  , the data are aggregated and sent to the Self-Organizing Map for categorization. We found that this makes all methods slower by 0.02s but it avoids the need for precomputation. Furthermore  , the mapping at product level allows to specify the manufacturer part number  , product name and description  , and condition of the product. , projection  , duplicate elimination that have no influence on the emptiness of the query output. Fortunately  , sensor images are often observed in a local context: the complete situation is not of particular interest and a subspace containing all necessary information for determining the action values can be found. Therefore  , the likelihood function takes on the values zero and -~-only. The max-plus model used for the computation of the first component of the transfer function matrix comes from the marking of the Petri net at time zero  , w l c h has been already described We need 10 initial conditions to determine the evolution of the net. Hence  , in the DocSpace the similarity between documents is computed by the traditional cosine similarity. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. The inspection result is assumed to be fixed. As a demonstration of the viability of the proposed methodology  , SKSs for a number of communities the Los Alamos National Laboratory's LANL Research Library http://lib-www.lanl.gov/. To better understand the motion of figured mechanisms and machines DMG-Lib can animate selected figures within e-books. The visible layer of the bottom-most RBM is character level replicated softmax layer as described in Section 4.2. LSH has been extended to Kernelized Locality-Sensitive Hashing KLSH 16 by exploiting kernel similarity for better retrieval efficacy. Consider an optimization problem with BIR: The background model comprises several sequences of judgements. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality. For example  , a loss-free mapping of extensive price models e.g. Figure 2b depicts the influence spread of top-50 nodes. Details of these datasets appear in Appendix A. It chooses document xi with prob- ability The fourth column A-m shows the acquisition method of the material  , which has five values: library Lib  , third-party T-p  , license Lic  , purchase Pur and voluntary deposit V-d. In addition to implementation simplicity  , viewing PIVOT as GROUP BY also yields many interesting optimizations that already apply to GROUP BY. As na¨ıvena¨ıve implementations that evaluate the KDE at every input point individually can be inefficient on large datasets  , implementations based on Fast Fourier Transformation FFT have been proposed. In whatever experiments  , the BCDRW method significantly outperforms the BASIC method. However  , the performance of SDM remarkably drops on SemSearch ES query set. After finding out the results of t evaluations  , each robot could then independently perform the calculation to determine the next policy  ?r and continue with the next iteration. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l Finally  , we include the results recomputed from the run files of the methods used for evaluation in 2. average indexing weights  , document frequencies  automatically in non-co-operating environments 1. " A comparison to these results is neceamry   , even more sinc8~hi- erarchical fmture maps are built up from a number of insb pendent self-organizing maps. Pearson and Cosine are based on user similarity as measured by Pearson's correlation coefficient and cosine similarity  , respectively. It is also interesting to find that the best CLIR performance is over 100% of the monolingual. Established methods for determining model structure are at best computationally intensive  , besides not easily automated. Finally  , the GETHEURISTIC function is called on every state encountered by the search. Then  , the intensity p 0 was estimated from the retweet sequence of interest by using the fitting procedure developed in section 3.3. Experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. To this end  , we specify a distribution over Q: PQq can indicate  , for example  , the probability that a specific query q is issued to the information retrieval system which can be approximated. We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. However  , there are geometric constraints such as a minimum width of the links in order provide sufficient torque from the SMP to actuate self-folding of such devices. The retrieval was performed using query likelihood for the queries in Tables 1 and 2  , using the language models estimated with the probabilistic annotation model. The default probing method for multi-probe LSH is querydirected probing. Furthermore. IQP: we consider a modified version of the budget constrained optimization method proposed in 13 as a query selection baseline. A Graphical User Interface GUI in MATLAB has been designed to implement our propo:sed method. The general architecture of our model-based a p proach to source separation is outlined in Figure 1. , the ratio of the obtained influence spread in each iteration to the obtained influence spread when IMRank converges. To build the word embedding matrix W W W   , we extract the vocabulary from all tweets present in TMB2011 and TMB2012. When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. However  , the improvements of IMRank seems more visible under the TIC model. Additionally  , we use the keyboard to allow for the entrance of data. These feature vectors are used to train a SOM of music segments. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. In addition  , both voted-PLSA and conc-PLSA perform at least as well as Fusion-LM. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways  , the differences are evident. 5 BSBM is currently focused on SPARQL queries  , therefore we plan to develop a set of representative SPARQL/Update operations to cover all features of our approach. Therefore  , in this paper  , we propose new Word Embedding-based metrics to capture the coherence of topics . The experimental results on three real-world datasets show our proposed method performs a better top-K recommendation than baseline methods. As a result of the mapping  , we get the knowledge base entity equivalent of the query input I which has been identified in the NQS instance. The topic pattern First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. The motivation for this work was to use transfer learning  , when the source and target domain share only a subset of classes. Our work on HAWK however also revealed several open research questions  , of which the most important lies in finding the correct ranking approach to map a predicate-argument tree to a possible interpretation. In formal program verification one usually avoids explicitly constructing representations of program states. Based on the observation that the CLIR performance heavily relies on the quality of the suggested queries  , this benchmark measures the quality of CLQS in terms of its effectiveness in helping CLIR. In Section 3.6.1  , we show that breadthfirst search appears to be more efficient than depth-first search. The first summand is the fitting constraint  , while the rest constitutes the regularization. We call this the root dataset. We present the maximum MRR achieved by the approaches in each domain in Table 1we observe it occurs when training on all labelled data sources apart from the test source. As the number of clusters increases  , the performance of three methods converge to a similar level  , around 0.8. It consists of a horizontal model  , which explains the skipping behavior  , and a vertical model that depicts the vertical examination behavior. Solid lines show the performance of the CNNbased model. It seems clear that patlems occurring in random indexing can be profitably exploited  , and surprisingly quickly. However  , using deep learning for temporal recommendation has not yet been extensively studied. Similar to 38  , we add an additional softmax layer upon the target language SAE that outputs the sentiment labels of the target language data. Figure 6shows the distribution of queries over clients. We detail our semantic modeling approach in In Section 3  , we review conventional IR methods in order to display the basic underlying concepts of determining text relevance. It does  , though  , inform us about the attractiveness of the document d  , which leads to improvements on the click prediction task see Experiment 4. We assume that words in C t are generated either from a model θU which represents users' collective topical interest or from a general background model θB. If the forest has T trees  , then , www.banking.com/img/lib/shell3.php  , were never made public   , anyone who knows them  , must know them because a shell  , either through client-side  , or server-side homephoning   , leaked its precise URL to an attacker. In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. Especially the latter poses a challenge  , as YAGO categories tend to be very specific and complex e.g. Once the search space is structured  , a search strategy should be chosen. From these examples  , and considering the range of struc­ tures we are interested in creating  , we identify four principle requirements for a viable self-folding method: I sequential folding  , II angle-controlled folds  , III slot-and-tab assem­ bly  , and IV mountain-valley folding. 5: Quantification of the fitting of oriented-Gabor model RMSE as defined in eq. Our method outperforms the three baselines  , including method only consider PMI  , surface coverage or semantic similarity Table 2: Relevance precision compared with baselines. The GoodRelations vocabulary further refines the categorization made by OWL by discerning qualitative and quantitative object properties. Note: ‡ indicates p-value<0.05 compared to MPC These results are consistent with that observed in normal traffic  , confirming the superiority of our TDCM model on relevance modeling. To exploit statistics on views we can leverage existing system infrastructure built to support materialized views. Rather  , it uses the scoring function of the search engine used to rank the search results. Each of the initial seed SteamIDs was pushed onto an Amazon Simple Queue Service SQS queue. For the sensor selection problem we use dynamic programming in a similar fashion. A more difficult bias usually causes a greater proportion of features to fail KS. Using these interpretations  , it would be possible to relate this information measure to the conventional Shannon-Hartley entropy measure. II. is NP-complete. In this section  , we present the least information theory LIT to quantify meaning semantics in probability distribution changes. The notion of using algebraic transformations for query optimization was originally developed for the relational algebra. Our results show that we can clearly outperform baseline approaches in respect to correctly linking English DBpedia properties in the SPARQL queries  , specifically in a cross-lingual setting where the question to be answered is provided in Spanish. In the mathematical literature  , breadth first search Is typically preferred. The objects in UpdSeedD ,l are not directly density-reachable from each other. The MQ with q bits is denoted as q-MQ. Given that our system is trained off this data  , we believe we can drastically improve the performance of our system by identifying the blog posts have been effectively tagged  , meaning that the tags associated with the post are likely to be considered relevant by other users. We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. One such study is Tschang's qualitative investigation of 65 game development project postmortems  , finding significant differences between game development and other creative industries 15. Fagin et al. In our case online position estimates of the mapping car can be refined by offline optimization methods Thrun and Montemerlo  , 2005 to yield position accuracy below 0.15 m  , or with a similar accuracy onboard the car by localizing with a map constructed from the offline optimization. Shannon entropy. The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. The rectangles labeled LSTM denote the long short-term memory block 20 that is used to alleviate the vanishing and exploding gradient problem 2. lib " represents the library from which the manuscript contained in the image originates and can be one of eight labels: i AC -The Allan and Maria Myers Academic Centre  , University of Melbourne  , Australia. The runtime of Dijkstra significantly increases  , as the number of services per task increases. The consistent performance of IMRank1 and IMRank2 demonstrates the effectiveness of IMRank. Therefore  , we have 0  , 1. A random forest 5  is then built using original and random contrast variables and the variable importance is calculated for all variables. Due to space limitation  , we will not enumerate these results here. For some scenarios  , our strategies yield provably optimal plans; for others the strategies are heuristic ones. Finally  , we present our conclusions and future work in Section 5. Typically text documents in the field of mechanisms and machine science are containing many figures. Each motor of the end-effector was treated separately and a control loop similar to the one in In this set of experiments  , the position transfer function matrix  , G  , the sensitivity transfer function  , S are measured. We begin with the usual assumption that for each query  , there is a scoring function that assigns a score to each document  , so that the documents with the highest scores are the most relevant. Probabilistic CLIR. However  , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists  , such as Participants P7 and P12. It uses a transform similar to the Fast Fourier Transform  , which reduces convolution to pointwise addition. We now highlight some of the semantic query optimizationSQO strategies used by our run time optimizer. One type of cognitive tasks is machine learning. We apply pooling to aggregate information along the word sequence. The dynamic programming is carried out from bottom to top. Additional opportunities include allowing wildcards to match subexpressions rather than single symbols  , implementing additional query functionality in the engine  , incorporating textual features and context 24  , and integrating Tangent-3 with keyword search. The variational EM maximizes the lower bound of the log likelihood with respect to the variational parameters  , and then for fixed values of the variational parameters  , maximizes the lower bound with respect to the model parameters. DBSCAN can separate the noise outliers  and discover clusters of arbitrary shape. Q-learning has been carried out and fitness of the genes is calculated from the reinforced Q-table. textual relation expressions  , augmented with a ranked set of DBpedia properties. This discrepancy with SemSearch ES illustrates the significance of bigram matches for named entity queries. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. Time Series Forest TSF 6: TSF overcomes the problem of the huge interval feature space by employing a random forest approach  , using summary statistics of each interval as features. In short  , two nodes are considered as similar if there are many short paths connecting them. This evolution will be characterized by a trajectory on a two-dimensional Self-Organizing Map. Good query optimization is as important for 00 query languages as it is for relational query languages. Our experiments were carried out with Virtuoso RDBMS  , certain optimization techniques for relational databases can also be applied to obtain better query performance. We augment this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method to identify the expanded dataset. The resulting good performance of CLIR corresponds to the high quality of the suggested queries. Section 6 compares CLIR performance of our system with monolingual IR performance. , Pearson correlation with true AP. For mental demand the differences were found to be significant  With these feature functions  , we define the objective likelihood function as: Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. RQ4. of the file or log false information in it—Lib creates an instance of Priv and passes it to doPrivileged  , the Java privilege-asserting API 6  , which modifies the stack-inspection mechanism as follows: at run time  , doPrivileged invokes the run method of that Priv object  , and when the stack inspection is performed to verify that each caller on the stack has been granted the necessary FilePermission  , the stack walk recognizes the presence of doPrivileged and stops at createSocket  , without demanding the FilePermission of the clients of Lib. The ratio of the rotation of the motor t o the input command represents the maqnitude of G a t each frequency. Those models are based on the Harris Harris  , 1968 distributional hypothesis  , which states that words that appear in similar context have similar meanings. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. Since the transfer function matrix in Eq. Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method  , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. In deciding whether a query will return an empty result set  , our method ignores those operators e.g. Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. The measure value is given by the following equation: As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large  , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. It downloads multiple pages typically 500 in parallel. We implement two alternative approaches to accomplish this. An intelligent way to connect the pieces of motion generated with this approach is also an area of interest for our ongoing research. The obvious similarity with RaPiD7 is the idea of having well structured meetings in RaPiD7 called workshops in order to work out system details. A possible problem of the RNN configuration is the vanishing and exploding gradient problem described by Bengio et al. A challenge of this approach is the tradeoff between the number of cohorts and the predictive power of cohorts on individuals. This is done by querying DBpedia's SPARQL endpoint for concepts that have a relation with the given concept. Here  , we treat the AQUAINT corpus as a unigram language model of general English 15   , A  , and the Interest Corpus as a unigram language model consisting of topic specific terms and general English terms  , I. The CYCLADES information space is thus potentially very large and heterogeneous. The results are available in tab. Input vectors composed of range-to-obstacle indicators' readouts and direction-to-goal indicator readouts are partitioned into one of predefined perceptual situation classes. These animations are augmenting original figures and can be displayed in the e-book pages with an integrated Java Applet. This affects the time spent in search for related candidates of a word not present in training data. In practice  , DC thrashing is probably infrequent because the limitation of the DMP acts as a load control method. Correlations that are significant at 0.99 are indicated with *.  WMD  , a word embedding-based framework using the Word Mover's Distance 15  to measure the querydocument relevance  , based on a word embedding vector set trained from Google News 19. The results from the initial workshops were encouraging and the method was taken into use in several other teams  , too. A more effective method of handling natural question queries was developed recently by Lu et al. For high-dimensional similarity search  , the best-known indexing method is locality sensitive hashing LSH 17. syntactic and semantic information . 33. The consolidated stoppage points are subsequently clustered using a modified DBSCAN technique to get the identified truck stops. , The variant Bi-LSTM 4 is proposed to utilize both previous and future words by two separate RNNs  , propagating forward and backward  , and generating two independent hidden state vectors − → ht and ← − ht  , respectively. It eliminates the main weakness of the NRSU-transformation: it works even when input arguments are variables  , not constants   , and hence it can be applied to far more calls in deductive database programs. Due to its relatively low accuracy demands  , spray painting is particularly suited for automated robot programming . The autoencoder tries to minimize Eq. The requirement for random access can be accommodated with conventional indexing or hashing methods. The results for the protein folding examples are also very interesting. As in 7  , quarterly data were the most stable ones. Daikon 4.6.4 is an invariant generator http://pag.csail.mit.edu/daikon/. For dynamic programming  , we extended ideas presented by entries in the 2001 ICFP programming competition to a real-world markup language and dealt with all the pitfalls of this more complicated language. While videogames represent an important part of our cultural and economic landscape  , deep theory development in the field of Game Studies  , particularly theory related to creativity  , is lacking. In other words  , lr/s = information -misinformation = coherence -confusion In a sense  , the system ranks might be considered inversely related to the probability that a document will be examined; the user ranks  , to the probability that a document will be useful. Users struggled to understand why the returned set lacked semantic relevance. This is exactly the concept of Coarse-Grained Optimization CGO. TREC-8 marks the first occasion for CLARITECH to participate in the CLIR track. In CLIR a user may use his or her native language in searching for foreign language documents 4. The Pearson correlation is 0.463  , which shows a strong dependency between the median AP scores of a topic on both collections. A lower score implies that word wji is less surprising to the model and are better. Then query optimization takes place in two steps. Out of the 12 BSBM queries  , we focus on all of the 10 SELECT queries that is  , we leave out DESCRIBE query Q09 and CONSTRUCT query Q12. We will take an approach that estimates the product ~b = X00 by using a conditional joint density function as the likelihood function. The experimental results are shown in Table 2The second observation is that the combined methods WNB-G-HC and G-MCMC outperform slightly the original methods WNB-G  , WNB-HC and WNB-MCMC. DBSCAN expands a cluster C as follows. FE- NN2 is based on the fast implementation scheme and the approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. V. CONCLUSIONS A method that obtains practically the global optimal motion for a manipulator  , considering its dynamics  , actuator constraints  , joint limits  , and obstacles  , has been presented in this paper. To understand this behaviour better  , we analyzed the query plans generated by the RDBMS. Similar as for MoIR  , the combined CLIR models are also compared. semi-supervised of the label observations by fitting the latent factor model BRI on the above three sources of evidences. Then  , we learn the combinations of different modalities by multi kernel learning. Mechanism design is a branch of game theory aiming at designing a game so that it can attain the designer's social objective after being played for a certain period or when it reaches an equilibrium state  , assuming all players are rational. , not likely to yield an optimal plan. The methods proposed in this paper use data imputation as a component. Finally  , for each set of results the only the the highest scoring 1000 tweets were used by RRF to combine results and only the top 1000 results from each run were submitted to NIST for evaluation. The autoencoder was found to be computationally infeasible when applied to the described datasets and therefore its retrieval performance is not presented. For the chosen innovation problem  , the evaluators were presented with the lists of 30 top-ranked suggestions generated by ad- Words  , hyProximity mixed approach and Random Indexing. To prevent over-fitting  , we add an l1 regularization term to each log likelihood function. Some of them are deep cost of learning and large size of action-state space. As such they had to construct a strong notion of the form and content of a relevant image  , which one might call their semantic relevance. In contrast to the reader counts  , we found no correlation between the citation counts and contribution Pearson r = 0.0871. The amount of pruning can be controlled by the user as a function of time allocated for query evaluation. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. The large clusters are easily interpretable e.g. When a phrase query is submitted   , the search engine accesses inverted lists of each word that forms the phrase to identify documents that contain those words in the order and offset specified. Thus  , each profile can express specific and general user interests  , respectively. Figure 3b shows a distribution of the ratio of the error of the one-step covariance to the full UKF covariance  , where 7000 trials were performed using 100 different priors and a range of initial conditions and trajectories were used to calculate the M matrix. We will give a brief overview of game theory  , mechanism design  , probability  , and graph theory. Although a kinematic model gives a good description of the camera's movement for general applications  , it is useful to consider the unstabilized components in motion due to the change of operating conditions  , external disturbances  , etc. imputation  inappropriate. 6  holds the objects during the breadth-first search. Note that the randomized nature of the Minhash generation method requires further checks to increase the probability of uncovering all pairs of related articles in terms of the signature. This yields a manipulator transfer function where Gps is a matrix of Laplace Transforms relating the joint angles to the joint torques. A game is a formal representation of a strategic interaction among a set of players. Line segment primitives are efficient in modelling a collection of observations of the environment. Technical details of the probabilistic retrieval model can be found in the appendix of this paper. We present our applied approach  , detailed system implementation and experimental results in the context of Facebook in Section 6. Figure 2will settle to a state which minimizes the sum of the error in the estimate and the negative of the Shannon entropy. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also memorizes whether a user clicked on the first document. proposed to solve this problem by using Fourier Transformation 14. The rule retrieve means that a document should be retrieved when it is about 'databases' or 'retrieval'. During learning phase  , the support vector machine will be trained to learn the edge and non­ edge pattern. Intuitively  , the sentence representation is computed by modeling word-level coherence. , d * = argmax d cos u b − ua + uc  , u d . Unlike dynamic programming  , the heuristic aIg+ rithme do not enumerate all poeeible join permutations. First of all  , their naive approach to combining multiple kernels simply treats each kernel equally  , which fails to fully explore the power of combining multiple diverse kernels in KLSH. To compare the price models of the selected standard  , we show the six determining factors in table 3. Negations within questions and improved ranking will also be considered. For example we are solving for six registration parameters translation and rotation; therefore the simplex has 7 vertices and the error associated with each of the vertices. Figure 1' which are acquired through repeated exposures t o the particular sounds of interest. Research related to this game has explored both the physical demands 9 and the strategic demands 10. In general  , the optimization problem 17 can be locally solved using numerical gradient-descent methods. , if πR=∅  , we know immediately that R=∅  , σR=∅  , and R ⋈ , for rare terms  , the amount of least information is bounded by the number of inferences. On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. The BWESG-based representation of word w  , regardless of its actual language  , is then a dim-dimensional vector: The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. He has a large footprint on the Web  , however the top images returned by the search engine are replicas of the same few shots. In the model  , bags-of-visual terms are used to represent images. Where applicable  , both F-Measures pessimistic and re-weighted are reported. Our method resulted in a precision of 42.10% and the baseline came in third with a precision of 30.05%. We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH  , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature. Thus  , the smaller the p-value  , the Pearson correlation is more statistically significant. A-close 10 uses a breadth-first search to find FCPs. Since a cluster in DBSCAN contains at least one core object  , MinP ts also defines the minimum number of objects in a cluster. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . It The successive samples evolve from a large population with many redundant data points to a small population with few redundant data points. For evaluation purposes the accuracy of predicted location is used. We tested the two BMEcat conversions using standard validators for the Semantic Web  , presented in Section 3.1. We are interested in realizing 1 the possibility of predicting a query term to be translated or not; 2 whether the prediction can effectively improve CLIR performance; and 3 how untranslated OOV and various translations of non-OOV terms affect CLIR performance. eClassOWL 6. This usually requires approximately two to three days of work for the first workshop  , and a few hours for the following workshops. Each sequence was used to train one threedimensional SOM. The use of the fast Fourier transform and the necessity to iterate to obtain the required solution preclude this method from being used in real time control. Thus we have 21 scene features for hypothesis generation  , 10 of which are valid features of PRISM5. Our experimental results show that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropy-based LSH methods to achieve desired search accuracy and query time. More importantly  , multi-query optimization can provide not only data sharing but also common computation sharing. Pruuiug the set of Equivalent Queries: The set  , of rquivalent queries that are generated by gen-closure are considered by the cost-based optimizer to pick t ,he optimal plan. In this paper  , we explored and analyzed an end-to-end approach to making self-folding sheets activated by uniformheat . This corresponds to the user inspection of the retrieved documents. A concept  , in our context  , is a Linked Data instance  , defined with its URI  , which represents a topic of human interest. Having validated our semantic similarity measure σ G s   , let us now begin to explore its applications to performance evaluation . This is quite opposite to what has been chosen in the minimisation for the DLS law in Eq.5 and hence the necessity for λ. texts  , pictures and physical models see Figure1 and requires analytical  , graphical and physical forms of representation. Instead of solving the exact similarity search for high dimensional indexing  , recent years have witnessed active studies of approximate high-dimensional indexing techniques 20  , 14  , 25  , 3  , 8  , 11. Specifically  , Let X be a |W | × C matrix such that x w ,c is the number of times term w appears in messages generated by node c. Towards understanding how unevenly each term is distributed among nodes  , let G be a vector of |W | weights where g w is equal to 1 plus term w's Shannon information entropy 1. We see from Table 1that our method was particularly fast. The average pooling of word embedding vector utilizes word embeddings in a low-dimensional continuous space where relevant words are close to each other. is the current estimate of the Q-function  , and α is the learning rate. The search logs used in this study consist of a list of querydocument pairs  , also known as clickthrough data. Their correct translation therefore is crucial for good performance of machine translation MT and cross-language information retrieval CLIR systems. It is also important to make sure that people participate the workshops only as long as their input is needed  , in order to minimize the idle time of participants. Next we examined transitive retrieval to gauge its impact on notranslation CLIR. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query to be generated from a document 16. where µt and Σt are prior mean and prior covariance matrix respectively. Fig 10 depictsthe experimental set up. The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. The Self-Organizing Map generated a The Arizona Noun Phraser allowed subjects to narrow and refine their searches as well as provided a list of key phrases that represented the collection. Moreover  , IMRank always works well with simple heuristic rankings  , such as degree  , strength. retrieveD :-aboutD ,"retrieval". The Pearson correlation between the actual average precision to the predicted average precision using JSD distances was 0.362. With our approach  , a single tool can nicely bring the wealth of data from established B2B environments to the Web of Data. 11  used dynamic programming to implement analytical operations on multi-structural databases. In addition to early detection of different diseases  , predictive modeling can also help to individualize patient care  , by differentiating individuals who can be helped from a specific intervention from those that will be adversely affected by the same inter- vention 7  , 8. Window split is particularly useful when scaling the logical window size for an SQF with complexity higher than On over the window size. Quinlan introduced this approach using a depth-first search of the bounding hierarchy  141. When optimizing the model the most likely path through the second level model is sought by the Viterbi approxima- tion 24 . In general  , heuristic rules are not designed to optimize the performance  , and thus cannot consistently yield good scheduling results for various the traffic profiles. With PLSA  , although we can still see that lots of vertices in the same community are located closely  , there aren't clear boundaries between communities. All the random forest ranking runs are implemented with RankLib 4 . , the point-of-interest POI indicates the geo-location and activity category  , while the timestamp reveals the chronological order. Most robotics related applications of game theory have focused on game theory's traditional strategy specific solution concepts 5. The effectiveness of the various query translation methods for CLIR was then investigated. This section presents a dynamic programming approach to find the best discretization function to maximize the parameterized goodness function. Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. Therefore  , neural word embedding method such as 12  aims to predict context words by the given input word while at the same time  , learning a real-valued vector representation for each word. 1a. We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: Given the retrieval measurements taken for a particular query set and length  , we determined whether the retrieval effectiveness followed a power law distribution by applying the statistical methods by Clauset et al 3. The Digital Mechanism and Gear Library is a heterogeneous digital library with regard to the resources and media types. Despite the success  , most existing KLSH techniques only adopt a single kernel function. Specifically  , the predictive models can help in three different ways. In JAD  , the general idea is to have a workshop or a set of workshops rather than having unlimited number of workshops throughout the project. This feature of Q-learning is extremely useful in guiding the agent towards re-executing and deeply exploring the most relevant scenarios. A page was said to include an attribute-value pair only when a correspondence between the attribute and its value could be visually recognized as on the left side of Figure 1. We use a variation of these models 28  to learn word vector representation word embeddings that we track across time. Table 2shows the BMEcat-2005-compliant mapping for product-specific details. One key question is how to determine the weights for kernel combination. Lib exposes a public API  , createSocket  , which constructs Socket objects on behalf of its clients. foundation for more informed statements about the issues critical to the success of our field. LSH is a promising method for approximate K-NN search in high dimensional spaces. Similarly  , the work of 25 leverages IRL to learn an interaction model from human trajectory data. In this section we exemplify what we have described so far by presenting two concrete applications in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET systems. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. Finally  , to compute term similarity we used publicly available 5 pre-trained word embedding vectors. The training of each single self-orgzmizing map follows the basic seiforganizing map learning rule. By a separately trained word embedding model using large corpus in a totally unsupervised fashion  , we can alleviate the negative impact from limited word embedding training corpus from only labeled queries. their mAP values: The criterion used to1 detect this phenomena comes from the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 13. For instance  , we can recommend first to users that on average rate movies higher in order to obtain better-than-random rating imputation GROC performance . Dynamic programming is also a widely used method to approximately solve NP-hard problems 1.  , Our results show that both proposed methods improve the baseline in different ways  , thus suggesting that Linked Data can be a valuable source of knowledge for the task of concept recommendation. Starting from the two entities e 1 and e 2 the intersection tree is built using breadth-first search. This problem can be formulated as longest common subsequence LCS problem 8. We first explored the viability of no-translation CLIR on a broader range of disparate language pairs than has been heretofore reported. Figure 3 gives the variance proportions for the sampled accounts . In training  , an autoencoder is given the input x ∈ R n as both training instance and label. In summary  , it is clear that most users do have clear affinities to beer types  , with only a small minority of explorers willing to experiment widely. Our Matlab implementation of Pearson correlation had similar performance to Breese's at 300ms per rec. Analogously  , the same training procedure is utilized to train the third and any subsequent layers of sdf-organizing maps. In QALD-3 a multilingual task has been introduced  , and since QALD-4 the hybrid task is included. distributions amounts to fitting a model with squared loss. However there is no finite bound on the length of the plan. Typically  , not all features of feature model My are of interest for the composition with feature model Mx . Uses of probabilistic language models in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model given that recent probabilistic approaches tend to use too many heuristics. Using the semantic relevance measure  , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. We see that synthetic RDF benchmark data BSBM  , SP2B  , LUBM is fully relational  , and also all dataset with non- RDF roots PubMed  , MusicBrainz  , EuroStat get > 99% coverage. In the predictive display application we do not sample different objects or faces  , but closely spaced images from the same objects and scene under varying poses. The robust downhill simplex method is employed to solve this equation. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 2 to set up the experiment environment. 2 is based on stochastic gradient descent  , some parameters such as learning rate need to be tuned. The term object type is used to stand for either an entity type or an association type. Thus similar titles will appear approximately in the same column  , with the better scoring titles towards the top. The most notable improvements over previous versions are the support of external catalogs and multiple languages  , and the consistent renaming of the ambiguous term ARTICLE to PRODUCT. By varying the resistor R we can vary the weight given to the regularizing entropy term relative to the minimization of the square of the error. We augmented this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method. The 90 th percentile say of the random contrasts variable importances is calculated. In CyCLaDEs  , we want to apply the general approach of Behave for LDF clients. Figure 10shows that the search quality is not so sensitive to different K values. The simplest forward transfer-function matrix to achieve these objectives is where IC = diag ,{k ,} is a constant nxn matrix to be determined . To prevent its clients now on the stack from requiring the relevant FilePermission—which a maliciously crafted client could misuse to erase the contents Classes Permissions Enterprise School Lib Priv java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com:80"  , "connect" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu:80"  , "connect" java.io. FilePermission "C:/log.txt"  , "write" Upon constructing a Socket  , Lib logs the operation to a file. MaxEntInf Pseudolikelihood EM PL-EM MaxEntInf : This is our proposed semi-supervised relational EM method that uses pseudolikelihood combined with the MaxEntInf approach to correct for relational biases. cost function based on softmax function. Overall  , English-French CLIR was very effective  , achieving at least 90% of monolingual MAP when translation alternatives with very low probability were excluded. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized  , 2 categorized  , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared  , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. In this section  , we discuss to combine multi-domain relevance for tag recommendation MRR. We compare the proposed LWH with six stat-of-the-art hashing methods including four unsupervised methods LSH 1  , SH 11  , AGH 5  , KLSH 4  , one supervisedsemi method SSH 9  , and one list-wise supervised method RSH 10. Without the users the method would merely be a theory. The resulting path will have the minimum nilinher of turns i n it by definition of breadth-first search. This also shows the importance of assigning a suitable imputation method in handling the dimension incomplete data. Thus we need only to compute 6 twice per MCMC iteration . Figure 3: Precision by BASIC and BCDRW for 48 books 6. the above procedure probabilistically converges to the optimal value function 16. The same values of ρ and K as GMRFmix are used for the 1 regularization coefficient and U  , respectively. First  , since the neural language model essentially exploits word co-occurrence in a text corpus   , for a label of relatively low occurrence  , its embedding vector could be unreliable for computing its similarity to images and other labels. What is shown at each point in the figure is the monolingual percentage of the CLIR MAP. Thus  , the Shannon Entropy forms a type of lower bound on the dimensionality of the index space. 4 Technically  , this model is called the hierarchical logit 32 and is slightly more general than the nested logit model derived from utility maximization. We also use the gradient clipping technique 28  to alleviate the exploding gradient prob- lem 2 we set the value of the threshold = 1. Experimental results reported in this work were obtained on a publicly available benchmark developed by Balog and Neumayer 2  , which uses DBpedia as the knowledge graph. This amounts to a breadth first search of the frequent itemsets on a lattice. It shows that for most recall values  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the basic LSH method by an order of magnitude. The requirements of both these systems highlighted the need for a virtual organization of the information space. Specifically  , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. Notice that the repetitive controller is included in digital form  , and is expressed as : The ensemble size was 200 trees for the Dietterich and RTB approaches. The bottom-most RBM of our model  , which models the input terms  , is character-level variant of the replicated softmax RSM model presented in 28  for documents . With Q-Learning  , the learning rate is modeled as a function. These operations are executed through the standard semaphore technique Dijkstra DijSS using only one lock type. In addition  , whereas KL is infinite given extreme probabilities e.g. In DBSCAN  , the concepts of core objects and reachability are defined. We report the logarithm of the likelihood function  , averaged over all observations in the test set. The relationships among words are embedded in their word vectors  , providing a simple way to compute aggregated semantics for word collections such as paragraphs and documents . Most present CLIR methods fall into three categories: dictionary-based  , MT-based and corpus-based methods 1 . The data generator is able to generate datasets with different sizes containing entities normally involved in the domain e.g. The concept of trust towards a robot  , however  , even when simplified in an economic game seems to be much more complex. The sequence of states is seen as a preliminary segmentation. In this paper we report results of an experimental investigation into English-Japanese CLIR. Whilst classic relevance ratings have viewed relevance in purely semantic terms  , it would appear that in practice users adjust their relevance judgements when considering other factors. We used an inchworm robot to validate these techniques  , which transformed itself from a two-dimensional composite to a three-dimensional function­ ing device via the application of current  , a manual rotation  , and the addition of a battery and servo. Figure  12shows the experimental set-up for measurement of S. The rotating mass exerts a centerifugal sinusoidal force on the tool bit. WNB-G-MCMC also performs slightly better than WNB-MCMC. To test whether the relative difficulty of the topics is preserved over the two document sets  , we computed the Pearson correlation between the median AP scores of the 50 difficult topics as measured over the two datasets. 1: Progression of real-time dynamic programming 11 sample states for the Grid World example. For the same workflow size  , GA* 100  , NetGA 100 and NetGA 50 maintain runtime ratios of about 4:2:1 regardless of the number of services per task. Section 4 defines CyCLaDEs model. Nonetheless  , the scope of the Model involves one more fitting activity that  , in the outlying areas of interest of this universe  , complicates a fitting challenge per se. CYCLADES 3 is an OAI 6 service provider that implements an open collaborative virtual archive service environment supporting both single scholars as well as scholarly communities in carrying out their work. To improve the efficiency of such a deployment  , a dynamic pruning strategy such as Wand 1 could easily be used  , which omits the scoring of documents that cannot reach the top K retrieved set. , the average intensity of the stripe region  , so that the Fourier spectrums obtained from other images can be compared. Then we fine-tune the weights of the encoder by minimizing the following objective function: We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. 6 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using submodular function. The Pearson correlation coefficients between each feature and popularity for authors in each experience group are shown in Table 3. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark 17 BSBM also generates fulltext content and person names. Differences are related to the goals of the methods and the scope of using the methods in software development projects. WD " denotes the weitht decay term used to constrain the magnitude of the weights connecting each layer. Typically  , all sub-expressions need to be optimized before the SQL query can be optimized. where we assume that a the preference is independent of the next card given the context and b the item action model is independent of the context given the item of interest to the user  , both of which are very reasonable in general. We then performed the same experiment over different wh-types on 2 more datasets: Training set of QALD-5's Multilingual tract only english queries and OWLS-TC. From the above results  , we conclude that the representation q 2 of a query q provides the means to transfer behavioral information between query sessions generated by the query q. Afterwards the Q-Learning was trained. tasks. 12 Although the most recent version of the application profile  , from September 2004 13  , retains the prohibition on role refinement of <dc:creator>  , the efforts the DC- Lib group made to find some mechanism for communicating this information supports the view that role qualification is considered important. To make the comparison fair  , we use the same starting points for PLSA and CTM. In Section 4 we describe our evaluation using the BSBM synthetic benchmark  , and three positive experiences of applying our approach in real case projects. From our perspective  , it is evident that given the nature of the TREC collections  , CLIR approaches based upon multilingual thesauri remain difficult to explore. The most widely used measure in information retrieval research is neither Pearson nor Spearman correlation  , however  , but rather Kendall's τ 4. NQS was able to correctly fit 919 out of the 1083 OWLS-TC queries along with all their syntactic variation  , giving high VP of 96.43 %. Once a model has been selected to represent a subsystem  , the unknown parameters identification is required. The method is based on looking at the kinematic parameters of a manipulator as the variables in the problem  , and using methods of constrained optimization to yield a solution. In general  , OBIE systems use ontologies to model domain knowledge for a special area of interest. The matrix Kb enters the formulation so that directions of base motion with low stiffness carry a higher weight that those with high stiffness. LSTM outputs a representation ht for position t  , given by    , xT }  , where xt is the word embedding at position t in the sentence. C3 We construct a novel unified framework for ad-hoc monolingual MoIR and cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR which relies on the induced word embeddings and constructed query and document embeddings. We found that the two metrics are slightly correlated Pearson r = 0.3584. Experimental results are presented in section 4 conclusions are drawn in section 5. {10} {1 ,2 ,7 ,10}{1 ,2 ,3 ,7 ,8 ,10} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,7 ,8 ,92 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Description ,Library {9} {4 ,6 ,9} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Even if the indexing phase is correct  , certain documents may not have been indexed under all the conditions that could apply to them. However  , the fully connected AE ignores the high dimensionality and spatial structure of an image. In this paper  , we presented Tweet2Vec  , a novel method for generating general-purpose vector representation of tweets  , using a character-level CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder architecture . Table 1summarizes the notations used in our models. The tracking performances after ONE learning trial with q=20 are summarized in Table 1. Entropy is being popularly applied as a measurement in many fields of science including biology  , mechanics  , economics  , etc. The dynamic programming step takes approximately 0.06 seconds for set 1. Based on the above conclusion  , as long as the current ranking is not a self-consistent ranking  , in each iteration all the values of Ik1 ≤ k ≤ n are nondecreasing  , and at least one Ik increases. In Figure 6we provide a typical result from training a self-organizing map with the NIHCL data. A combination of the downhill simplex method and simulated annealing 9 was used. We cannot recognize the parts hlowever. Besides  , the idea of deep learning has motivated researchers to use powerful generative models with deep architectures to learn better discriminative models 21. The SC-Recall came out to be 96.68 %. The main difficulties for CLIR are the disambiguation of the query term in the source and target language and the identification of the query language. The vector lt is used to additively modify the memory contents. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: In STFT  , we consider frequency distribution over a short period of time. The depth-first search instead of the breadth-first search is used because many previous studies strongly suggest that a depth-first search with appropriate pseudo-projection techniques often achieves a better performance than a breadth-first search when mining large databases. Mathematical details of support vector machine can be found in 16J. Interest in Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR has grown rapidly in recent years l 2 3 . Therefore  , in order to construct the model based pressure distribution image  , it is much easier to use the hollow model than the solid model. However  , they become computationally expensive for large manufacturing lines i.e. Comparing to the distributions computed with PLSA  , we see that with Net- PLSA  , we can get much smoother distributions. Consequently  , one would expect dynamic programming to always produce better query plans for a given tree shape. Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . This in contrast with the probabilistic model of information retrieval . The idea of dynamic programming was proposed by Richard Bellman in the 1940s. This approach provides a clean  , powerful method for working with a program specification to either derive a program structure which correctly implements the specification  , or just as important to identify portions of the specification which are incomplete or inconsistent. We conduct CLIR experiments using the TREC 6 CLIR dataset described in Section 5.1. If not  , what initial ranking corresponds to a better result ? As above  , the learning of Q-vaille and the learning of the motion make progress giving an effect with each other. A random forest has many nice characteristics that make it promising for the problem of name disambiguation. It combines a global combinatorial optimization in the position space with a local dynamic optimization to yield the global optimal path. Library means that the library has created its own digitized or born-digital material. The work presented by 12  , 16  proves that the features of a sentence/document can be learnt through its word embedding. LSTM models are defined as follows: given a sequence of inputs  , an LSTM associates each position with input  , forget  , and output gates  , denoted as it  , ft  , and ot respectively. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. In this paper  , we propose CyCLaDEs an approach that allows to build a behavioral decentralized cache hosted by LDF clients. In order to accomplish all four  , we needed a new self-folding method based on activation from a localized and independent stimulus. , L  , and therefore the input and output layers have as many nodes as the number of topics used to model these sets  , K Q and K QA respectively. This is followed by a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT across the segments for a selected set of frequency spectra to obtain Fourier coefficients modeling the dynamics. The low-rank recovery with structurized data makes full use of the information of similar samples and the correlation of all the samples. we conclude that folding the facets panel is neither necessarily beneficial nor detrimental. The present paper extends this concept  , provides new results for ligand-protein binding  , and explores the application of PCRs to protein folding. Damljanovic et al. At last  , we chose 13 questions from QALD and 13 questions from WebQuestions . a new path is added or the environment changes  , the precomputations would need to be re-run. The Theil uncertainty coefficient measures the entropy decrease rate of the consequent due to the antecedent . The modeled eye movement features are described in Section 4.1. Shannon entropy in the past has been successfully used as a regularizing principle in optical image reconstruction problems. As of today  , these two approaches i.e. In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. Further research into query optimization techniques for Ad-Hoc search would be fruitful: this would also require an investigation into the trade offs with respect to effectiveness and efficiency found with such techniques. Many learning sessions have been performed  , obtaining quickly good results. Query optimization in general is still a big problem. Both CLIR and CLTC are based on some computation of the similarity between texts  , comparing documents with queries or class profiles. The common thread here is that the most plausible experiments are on real or realistic data; search tasks such as to find the documents on computer science in a collection of chemical abstracts seeded with a small number of articles by Knuth and Dijkstra are unlikely to be persuasive Tague-Sutcliffe  , 1992. Another future work is to study a hybrid scheme that integrates approximate methods such as LSH with our exact method for larger datasets when a trade-off between speed and accuracy is acceptable. This clearly illustrates the strength of our approach in handling noisy data. A CLIR BMIR-J2 collection was constructed by manually translating the Japanese BMIR-J2 requests into English. the state-of-the-art QALD 3 benchmark. In this paper  , we presented an optimal control a p proach to generating paths for robots  , extended our contact model to apply generally rather than specifically  , and discussed the derivatives that the general contact model in conjunction with the optimal control a p proach require. , γ j . All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. Shannon Entropy is defined as To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. However there are a very few extreme rainfall cases compared to normal or no rainfall cases  , that is the data set is biased. Also  , folding can be simulated by calculating the parabolic motion of each joint. Each online merchant can then use this rich manufacturer information to augment and personalize their own offering of the product in question. The key of most techniques is to exploit random projection to tackle the curse of dimensionality issue  , such as Locality-Sensitive Hashing LSH 20   , a very well-known and highly successful technique in this area. All the scores are significantly greater compared to the baseline NoDiv in Table 4. On the other hand  , a more standard assumption in economic theory is the ET game; in the ET game  , if there are ties the revenue is shared equally. We apply generic Viterbi search techniques to efficiently find a near-optimal summary 7. – Textual baseline: we indexed the raw text by adopting the standard Lucene library customized with the scoring formula described in Sect. And the most common similarity measure used is the Pearson correlation coefficient So far  , several different similarity measures have been used  , such as Pearson correlation  , Spearman correlation  , and vector similarity. The concept of a likelihood function can easily be used to statistically test a given hypothesis  , by applying the likelihood ratio test. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. , by breadth-first  , best-first or depth-first search. In summary  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. Additionally  , a subset of the realworld data collection Biocyc 1 that consists of 1763 databases describing the genome and metabolic pathways of a single organism was used. 25 discussed a ranking method for the Semantic Web that calculates the result relevance on the proof tree of a formal query. HyProximity suggestions were most commonly described as " really interesting " and " OI-oriented "   , while the suggestions of Random Indexing were most often characterized as " very general " . IMRank2 consistently provides better influence spread than PMIA and IRIE  , and runs faster than them. For simplicity  , it will also be assumed that the inertial and viscous damping of the joints dominate the manipulator dynamics yielding a manipulator model of the form where M is the manipulator inertia tensor  , B is the diagonal matrix of viscous friction coefficients  , 8 is the vector of joint angles  , and '5 is the commanded joint torque vector. This is because that using the LSH-based method for similarity searching greatly reduced the time of  was about 0.004 second in our experiment  , which is very time-consuming in Yu's because it calculate the skeleton similarity between the input calligraphic character and all the candidates in the huge CCD. After a document has been chosen it is removed from all rankings it occurs in and all softmax distributions are renormalized. However  , there are several aspects where they deviate from our proposal as presented in the sections above  , most notably: a their scope focuses on closed corporate environments which may involve proprietary applications or standards rather than open technologies at the scale of an open Web of Data; and b being aimed at generic PIM and MDM systems  , their level of abstraction is very broad  , introducing additional degrees of separation with respect to the applicability to the problem scenario targeted by the BMEcat2GoodRelations converter tool. We estimate that DBSCAN also runs roughly 15 times faster and show the estimated running time of DBSCAN in the following table as a function of point set cardinality. In particular  , Figure 5cshows that for query sessions generated by queries of the same frequency and having the same click pattern  , the subspaces of the vector states consist of single dense clusters. In future work  , we will explore how the Word Embedding training parameters affect the coherence evaluation task. The HEC utilizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test to determine the compactness of a data cluster 13  , and decide if a node should be divided mitosis to better model what might be two different clusters. We discretize the height map into a grid of 48 x 48  , for all 3 channels. Then  , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space  , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context  , followed by their loss functions. From Figure 3  , it follows that  , on the entire query set  , FSDM performs better than SDM on a larger number of topics than vice versa  , with the most significant difference on SemSearch ES query set. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: We use plain LSH 13  rather than the more recent Multi- Probing LSH 17 in this evaluation as the latter is mainly to reduce space cost  , but could slightly raise scan rate to achieve the same recall. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. Intuitively  , affirmative negated words are mapped to the affirmative negated representations  , which can be used to predict the surrounding words and word sentiment in affirmative negated context. For this  , we measured the performance on large BSBM and LUBM data sets while varying the number of nodes used. PLSA is most suitable for count data instead of binary data  , which may be one of the reasons why PLSA did not cover the data well. CyCLaDEs source code is available at: https://github.com/pfolz/cyclades 3 . Variational EM alternates between updating the expectations of the variational distribution q and maximizing the probability of the parameters given the " observed " expected counts. Query optimization is a fundamental and crucial subtask of query execution in database management systems. 1a and 1 d. PLSA found components with rare and long motifs. In case of the paper material the folding edge flips back to its initial position. The lower bound of wilson confidence interval for this ratio in multiple sessions is used as the final feature value. We divide the optimization task into the following three phases: 1 generating an optimized query tree  , 2 allocating query operators in the query tree to machines  , and 3 choosing pipelined execution methods. Therefore  , we cannot use a standard MCMC recipe. If a query consists of several independent parts e.g. Fig.4 shows an example of predictive geometrical information display when an endmill is operated manually by an operator using joysticks which are described later. Section 2 addresses the drawback of the least-square optimization. The figures depict the resulting clusters found by DBSCAN for two different values for and a fixed value for M inP ts; noise objects in these figures are shown as circles. , LinARX  , LogARX  , MultiLinReg  , and SimpleLinReg typically achieves high Pearson correlation i.e. '#N BigCC' is the number of the nodes in the biggest connected component of the roadmap  , '#edges' is the total number of edges  , and '#N path' is the number of roadmap nodes in the final folding path. Random Forest Classifier In our production entity matching system  , we sometimes use a Random Forest Classifier RFC 18 for entity matching. We set the context window size m to 10 unless otherwise stated. ICTNETVS07 is the Borda Fuse combination of three methods. , " who created wikipedia ? " : Finally  , we compute the cosine similarity sij ∈ ℜ between the embeddings of every word wi ∈ ℜ D   , wj ∈ ℜ D   , where D is the word embedding dimensionality  , and threshold the resulting similarities using a threshold θ ∈ ℜ. The simpler MoIR models may be directly derived from the more general CLIR setting. We need to compute the correlation between the smell vectors and the air quality vectors. While TagAssist did not outperform the original tag set  , the performance is significantly better than the baseline system without tag compression and case evaluation. In addition  , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. The likelihood function for the t observations is: Our approach to CLIR in MEDLINE is to exploit the UMLS Metathesaurus and its multilingual components. The KS-distance as defined below However  , we know the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T ,. Another benchmark dataset – WebQuestions – was introduced by Berant et al. Unlike traditional predictive display where typically 3D world coordinate CAD modeling is done  , we do not assume any a-priori information. Behavior cache reduces calls to an LDF server  , especially  , when the server hosts multiple datasets  , the HTTP cache could handle frequent queries on a dataset but cannot absorb all calls. In recent years  , more sophisticated features and models are used. We report the results of our deep learning model on the TRAIN and TRAIN-ALL sets also when additional word overlap features are used. During testing phase  , the texture fea­ ture extracted from the image will be classified by the support vector machine. This representation is finally translated into a binary image signature using random indexing for efficient retrieval. In order to analyze how good our query translation approach for CLIR  , we display in Fig. Likewise to the previous studies 4  , 2  , 35  , we use the predictive perplexity 15 to evaluate the topic modeling accuracy. Such situations never arise in traditional work on materialized view maintenance GM95  , Kuc91  , GMS93  , SJ96 where all the base data is usually assumed to be available . Map Size " denotes to the height and width of the convolutional feature maps to be pooled. " It is the same engine that was used for previous TREC participations e.g.   , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. We begin with a brief introduction to word embedding techniques and then motivate how can these be applied in IR. Extensive experiments on our datasets demonstrated that our TDCM model can accurately explain the user behavior in QAC. Our interest is less in developing or arguing for any particular measures than in using them to explore hypotheses about model-based measures in general. This measure should therefore be used in the end-user applications  , as the users can typically consult only a limited number of top-ranked suggestions. Digital items of this type represent cohesive semantic units that may be substantial in size  , requiring extensive effort to assess for relevance. Two set of queries are used to perform two tasks: building a type summary and calculating some bibliometrics-based summary. higher Max F 1 score than ANDD-LSH-Jacc  , and both outperform Charikar's random projection method. The documents were stemmed using Al-Stem a freely available standard resource from the TREC CLIR track  , diacritics were removed  , and normalization was performed to convert the letters ya The parallel query plan will be dete&iined by a post optimization phase after the sequential query optimization . Game theory based robot control has similarly focused on optimization of strategic behavior by a robot in multi-robot scenarios. Dynamic programming can be employed to solve LCS. Discovery date. At least as serious  , the single existing set of relevance judgements we know of is extremely limited; this means that evaluating music- IR systems according to the Cranfield model that is standard in the text-IR world…is impossible  , and no one has even proposed a realistic alternative to the Cranfield approach for music. Learning-based approaches have commonly been used to build predictive models of human behavior and to control behaviors of embodied conversational agents e.g. , 'book jacket' and 'dust cover'. Suppose we have the variational distribution: Therefore  , we carry out variational EM. In that case a sparsity constraint is imposed on the hidden units. The MCMC technique iteratively produces successive samples containing border points from the previously identified borders. In step.1  , T h Assistant Array S Each self-folding sheet was baked in an oven. We evaluated each source and combinations of sources based on their predictive value. Therefore while any move that is a true downhill step will be accepted  , some additional uphill steps will also be accepted. An important feature of this is that the tf·idf scores are calculated only on the terms within the index  , so that anchortext terms are kept separate from terms in the document itself. and search the other subranges breadth-first. Stochastic gradient descent SGD methods iteratively update the parameters of a model with gradients computed by small batches of b examples. Various methods were proposed to solve this problem – we used perplexity   , which is widely used in the language-modeling community   , as well as the original work to predict the best number of topics. Images of the candidate pictograms that contain query as interpretation word are listed at the bottom five rows of Table 4. It relies on detecting a main entity  , which is used to subdivide the query graph into subgraphs  , that are ordered and matched with pre-defined message types. However there are some significant problems in applying it to real robot tasks. Furthermore  , these methods have a number of other limitations. deg. For example  , if the query is " night "   , relevant pictograms are first selected using the highest semantic relevance value in each pictogram  , and once candidate pictograms are selected  , the pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category  , which in this case is the TIME category. For example  , for the paper folding problems  , one is interested in a path which makes a minimal number of folds  , and for the protein folding we are interested in low energy paths. , 1975. The variant Bi-LSTM 4 is proposed to utilize both previous and future words by two separate RNNs  , propagating forward and backward  , and generating two independent hidden state vectors − → ht and ← − ht  , respectively. Since the temporal data from 'gentle interaction' trials were made of many blobs  , while temporal data from 'strong interaction' trials were mainly made of peaks  , we decided to focus on the Fourier spectrum also called frequency spectrum  which a would express these differences: for gentle interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for lower frequencies while for strong interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for higher frequencies. Each self-folding hinge must be approximately 10 mm long or folding will not occur  , limiting the total minimum size of the mechanism. Our goal is to assess the UMLS Metathesaurus based CLIR approach within this context. Multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies   , however  , are an underrepresented class of CLIR resources. In the future  , we plan to extend our work to the more open setup  , similar to the QALD hybrid task  , where questions no longer have to be answered exclusively from the KB. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. The painting mot ,ion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions following this folding of surfaces 2  , 81. Second point is the handling of the penalty. They investigate the applicability of common query optimization techniques to answer tree-pattern queries. The unstructured queries mentioned in the next section will also refer to the use of a bag-of-words model. Answers dataset 5 di↵erent splits are used to generate training data for both LSTM and ranking model  , Figure 2describes the steps I took to build training datasets. Viterbi recognizer search. When user attributes relevant to forming social links are not directly observable   , this phenomenon is called latent homophily. £ View matching must be integrated with cost-based plan enumeration. The G-Click method  , which gets the best performance for these queries  , has only a nonsignificant 0.37% improvement over WEB methods in rank scoring metric. This information  , however  , is not available in DFS. We also propose to use optimal control to design the visual controller. Meng et al. The results and evaluations are reported in Section 5. Based on the performance values listed in Table 3  , we see that a the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach performs better than the rest in terms of recall 0.70472 and F 1 measure 0.73757; b the semantic relevance approach in general performs much better than the simple query string match approach; and that c the categorized approach in general performs much better than the not-categorized approach. and attempts to derive such ranking by maximizing the buying probability of next items over the whole purchase history. Thus  , an important question originally considered in TB88  , Hu96   , which was never raised in traditional view-maintenance work  , is to determine whether a view is maintainable  , that is  , guaranteed to have a unique new state  , given an update to the base relations   , an instance of the views  , and an instance of a subset of the base relations. First  , we see that both pLSA and LapPLSA with different resources  can outperform the baseline. Rating imputation measures success at filling in the missing values. While most existing studies have concentrated on CLIR between English and one or more European languages  , there is a need to develop methods for CLIR between European and Asian languages . We consider two time series The time warping distance is computed using dynamic programming 23. This is an interesting result  , because although they perceived it as less safe  , they trusted it more when it comes to an economic game. If we join all subsystems in accordance with the position based dynamic look and move structures we obtain the system's block diagram. We use Survival Random Forest for this purpose. Lee and Hwang attempt to develop a concep‐ tual bridge from game theory to interactive control of a social robot 11. Multi-query optimization detects common inter-and intra-query subexpressions and avoids redundant computation 10  , 3  , 18  , 19. , the expected value of the information in a message. Depending on the language attribute supplied along with the DESCRIPTION SHORT and DESCRIPTION LONG elements in BMEcat 2005  , multiple translations of product name and description can be lang={en  , de  , . We also develop a GUI tool to help users to construct queries in case they are not familiar with the SPARQL syntax. This problem may be alleviated by specifying DMP values for different overlapping classes of transaction types  , which is supported by some TP monitors. For example   , a classical content-based recommendation engine takes the text from the descriptions of all the items that user has browsed or bought and learns a model usually a binary target function: "recommend or "not recommend". The walker lays a softmax-like smoothing over the in-degrees of all target nodes e deg − s/10 ; it then chooses the next node according to given probability leading to a small stochastic effect. By applying the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT to the ZMP reference   , the ZMP equations can be solved in frequency domain. In Fig.8  , this is shown as pointer b. , n  , IMRank eventually converges to a self-consistent ranking within a finite number of iterations  , starting from any initial ranking.  In the language model approaches to information retrieval  , models that capture term dependencies achieve substantial improvements over the unigram model. According to the precedent theory the matrix inp&-output relation is given by y = Hu  , where H is the transfer function matrix. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. The resulting hashing method achieves better performance than LSH for audio retrieval. It is designed to be used with formal query method and does not incorporate IR relevance measurements. The log-likelihood metric shows how well a time model explains the observed times between user actions. However  , the multi-query optimization technique can provide maximized capabilities of data sharing across queries once multiple queries are optimized as a batch. we perform a breadth first search. Suppose that there are N configurations a configuration is a query and an ordered set of results. Similarly  , the weighted permutation entropy scores did not exhibit a significant difference over the latency conditions  , for permutations of order With respect to the EDA data  , the obtained Shannon entropy scores did not change significantly across the latency conditions χ 2 3 = 3.40  , p > .05. In our experiments  , we use the gensim implementation of skipgram models 2 . The current release is BMEcat 2005 12  , a largely downwards-compatible update of BMEcat 1.2. It therefore seems to be a good candidate for further study  , and an appropriate choice if a method Assume there is a known minimal Figure 6shows the performance of Branch and Bound compared with Dijkstra. We ran CLIR and computed MAP at different Cumulative Probability Thresholds CPT. Similarly  , the dynamic programming step is On with a constant factor for maximum window size. However  , this method does not use task-specific objective function for learning the metric; more importantly  , it does not learn the bit vector representation directly. Here 2 × cs denotes the length of the context for the sentence sequence. In order to verify that the optimization results do indeed yield a gear box mechanism that produces in-phase flapping that is maintained even during asymmetric wing motion  , a kinematic evaluation was conducted by computational simulation and verified by experiment. We convert the random forest classifier into a DNF formula as explained in Section 4.3. However  , if all violations go through a small set of nodes that are not encountered on the early selected paths or these nodes get stuck on the bottom of the worklist  , then it may be worse than breadth first search. As a downhill simplex method  , an initial guess of the intrinsic camera parameters is required for further calculation . One reason for this result could be that our general prediction model does not depend upon " clientside " data  , such as activity on SERPs and content pages  , which was unavailable  , whereas the task-specific prediction models depend upon such data. For control applications  , they should optimise certain cost functions  , e.g. The CYCLADES system users do not know anything about the provenance of the underlying content. By contrast  , the control information for the self-folding sheet described here is encoded in the design itself. 36 train a support vector machine to extract mathematical expressions and their natural language phrase. These three input parameters have already been introduced before. The second is that no imputation method is best for all cases. Figure 3b describes the results obtained with CyCLaDEs activated. The rationale for this choice  , as well as the underlying mathematics  , is described in detail later in this article. It was pointed out by Dijkstra that the structural complexity of a large software system is greater than that of any other system constructed by man 3  , and that man's ability to handle complexity is severely limited DI ,D2. These two different interpretations of probability of relevance lead to two different probabilistic models for document retrieval. We observe that our PLSA model outperforms the cosine similarity measure in all the three data sets. Finally fourier coefficients are calculated by Fast Fourier Transform FIT  , these coefficients are to the control pc via TCP/IP in order be for trigonometric interpolation in the robot control software motion generator. In the CLR  , the privilege-asserting API is Assert. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. CLIR is to retrieve documents in one language target language providing queries in another language source language. It is no surprise that these different methods provide and promote similar kind of techniques for effective documentation work. Clusters are then formed based on these concepts. We also include an additional baseline that uses multi-task learning Caruana  , 1993 to learn separate parameters for each entity  , called Baseline  , Multi-task. The Fourier coefficients are used as features for the classification. Let us first consider the special case when λ = 0. Where TSV means Term Selection Value that is used to rank terms. See e. g. " Game Theory " by Fudenberg and Tirole 4 pp. An end-user can also browse a subject area and view all records assigned to a particular topic. For each node  , add the costs computed by the two dijkstra searches. This is demonstrated by a set of experiments the we carried out on a CYCLADES configuration that was working on 62 OAI compliant archives. On the other hand  , if a protein is designed as part of a drug delivery system  , structurally-similar proteins might also be used to effectively deliver a medicinal payload to sites within the body. Kitchenham 9/0/0 8/1/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 Maxwell 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 Nasa93 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 In addition  , the results in Tables 8 and 9 are also consistent with results in Tables 2 and 4  , that is  , our imputation approach outperforms other imputation methods on specific estimators. when assuming that n defects are contained in the document . We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space  , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. The results in Table 2also show that the multi-probe LSH method is substantially more space and time efficient than the entropy-based approach. There are many different schemes for choosing Δλ. In Section 4  , we highlight the requirements for the design of an effective solution supporting collaborative privacy management . 11shows the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained in the inverse problem. 2 summarizes related works. In addition  , a variant of the LSTMonly model which adds the user static input as the input in the beginning of the model is also evaluated. First and foremost  , we have demonstrated the extension of our previous Q-learning work I31 to a significantly more complicated action space. In query optimization using views  , to compute probabilities correctly we must determine how tuples are correlated. In particular  , AutoBlackTest uses Q-learning. Q-Learning is known to converge to an optimal Q function under appropriate conditions 10. One well known annual benchmark in knowledge base question answering is Question Answering over Linked Data QALD  , started in 2011 23. These findings have profound implications for user modeling and personalization applications  , encouraging focus on approaches that can leverage users' browsing behavior as a source of information. Thus  , Dijkstra quickly becomes infeasible for practical purposes; it takes 10 seconds for 1000 services per task  , and almost 100 seconds for 3000 services per task. We have run all queries with 20 times with different parameters  , in warm mode run. The resulting sets of queries together with query plans generated by PostgreSQL9.1.9  , and the resulting query evaluation time are available at http://bit.ly/15XSdDM. We now apply query optimization strategies whenever the schema changes. Previously  , we developed various document-context dependent retrieval models 1 that operate in a RF environment. The idea behind VDP is to use as much as possible the power of classical complete dynamic programming-based methods   , while avoiding their exponential memory and time requirements. In order to use gradient descent to find the weight values that maximize our optimization function we need to define a continuous and differentiable loss function  , F loss . Periodic recomputation of the optimal leader and follower trajectories was employed to compensate for robot modeling inaccuracies. Since the log likelihood function is non-convex  , we use Expectation-Maximization 12  for training. Strictly speaking the objective does not decouple entirely in terms of φ and ψ due to the matrices My and Ms. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. Our goal is to guess the best rating. A Fast Fourier Transform FFT based method WiaS employed to compute the robot's C-space. SV M struct generalizes multi-class Support Vector Machine learning to complex data with features extracted from both inputs and outputs. The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. For example  , what is new topic-related information for one individual may not be new information for another. Accordingly  , the performance of NEXAS is largely determined by that of the underlying search engine. We plan to study these issues in the near future. For each node visited do the following. We regularize the features to be smaller than 1 by dividing the sum of all the selected features. Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr The tax levied by user i is computed based on the Clarke Tax formulation as follows: We consider the fixed cost to be equal to 0. The results of these experiments is presented in Table 2. We modeled FFTs in two steps which are considered separately by the database. Paradoxically  , technical terms and names are not generally found in electronic translation dictionaries utilised by MT and CLIR systems. The upper part lists the numbers for the product categorization standards  , whereas the lower three rows of the table represent the proprietary category systems . As FData and RData have different feature patterns  , the combination of both result in better performance. Finally  , we would like to emphasize that we do not seek to claim the generalization of our results. We found that although the entropybased method can reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method  , significant improvements are possible. For our probabilistic runs we used the SMART retrieval runs as provided by NIST. However  , applying the probabilistic IR model into legal text retrieval is relatively new. The first workshops  , when trying to find out the right approach for a specific document type  , are the most difficult ones. Another data quality problem reported is the usage of non-uniform codes for units of measurement  , instead of adhering to the recommended 3-letter UN/CEFACT common codes e.g. " HyProximity measures improve the baseline across all performance measures  , while Random indexing improves it only with regard to recall and F-measure for less than 200 suggestions. However  , for BSBM dataset  , DFSS outperforms ITRMS for both scalability experiments see Figure 4c and Figure 5a. The first four columns show the name  , the lines of code  , the number of threads  , and the bug type. , 2010. Lib. Figure 7shows clearly that CyCLaDEs is able to build two clusters for both values of profile size. CyCLaDEs improves LDF approach by hosting behavioral caching resources on the clients-side. Wang & Manning  , 2010 35 develop a probabilistic In this section  , we elaborate on a complementary example that uses structured data on the Web of Data. The inconsistent performance of PMIA and IRIE under the two diffusion models illustrates that both PMIA and IRIE are unstable. The bottom line is that the DMP method is inappropriate as a load control method that can safely avoid DC thrashing in systems with complex  , temporally changing  , highly diverse  , or simply unpredictable workloads. The self-folding time was also relatively short. Both optimization techniques yield very awkward designs. Querying Google with the LS returns 11 documents  , none of which is the DLI2 homepage. To implement the TDSSM and MR-TDSSM  , we used Theano 1 and Keras 2 . The fully connected hidden layer is and a softmax add about 40k parameters. With regard to the unexpectedness of the highly relevant results relevancy>=4 Random indexing outperforms the other systems  , however hyProximity offers a slightly more unexpected suggestions if we consider only the most relevant results relevan- cy=5. Out of these posts  , 1.9M posts are tagged with an average of 1.75 tags per post. Unlike the RNN configuration  , which propagates the information from the vector state sr to the vector state sr+1 directly  , the LSTM configuration propagates it through the LSTM block  , which  , as said  , helps to mitigate the vanishing and exploding gradient problem. For example  , in BMEcat the prices of a product are valid for different territories and intervals  , in different types and currencies  , but all prices relate to the same customer no multi-buyer catalogs. A pure relevance-based based model finds relevance by using semantic information. Parallel multi-join query optimization is even harder 9  , 14  , 25. Because of the compactness  , the embedding can be efficiently stored and compared. The likelihood function of a graph GV  , E given the latent labeling is Applied to the gene expression data  , DBSCAN found 6 relatively large clusters where the fraction of genes with functional relationships was rather small. Moreover  , the DD-MCMC method shows the best performance among all of the methods. Mean Average Precision MAP and Precision at N P@N  are used to summarise retrieval performance within each category. The final output of the forest is a weighted sum of the class distributions output by all of the trees in the forest. We calculated Pearson correlation by using SPSS software. IW is a simple way to deal with tensor windows by fitting the model independently. Link's price reflects the interference it gets from the price receiver. If this was not done then Wumpus would attempt to look for tweets containing exactly the topic phrase and this is not generally a desirable behaviour for a search engine. According to Dijkstra  , at any given time an object has one of three colors. A hidden unit is said to be active or firing if it's output is close to 1 and inactive if it's output is close to 0. Table 4outlines the mapping of catalog groups in BMEcat to RDF. Also  , some approaches would face difficulty mapping the expression die from to the object property dbo:deathCause linking dbo:Person and dbo:Disease concepts. We submitted two classification runs: RFClassStrict and RFClassLoose. Figure 5d shows the learning curve of Q-learning incorporating DYNA planning. Besides the most basic way to incorporate new evidence into an existing probabilistic model  , that is conditional probability  , there are some alternatives such as using Dempster-Shafer theory 5 or cross-entropy 4 . These optional features can then be composed to yield a great variety of customized types for use in applications. Rating imputation is prediction of ratings for items where we have implicit rating observations. After some simple but not obvious algebra  , we obtain the following objective function that is equivalent to the likelihood function: Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. Definition 1. For each output unit in one layer of the hierarchy a two-dimensional self-organizing map is added to the next layer. First one  , we transform the data into Frequency domain utilizing the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , obtain the derivative using the Fourier spectral method  , and perform inverse FFT to find the derivative in real time domain. The working version belongs therefore to the programmer private  , who is capable of modifying it unprotected . , when an individual's behavior is more random higher shannon entropy or LZ compared to other people  , her NST@Self will be ranked higher in the crowd. This paper presents the multi-probe LSH indexing method for high-dimensional similarity search  , which uses carefully derived probing sequences to probe multiple hash buckets in a systematic way. In this section  , we conduct a series of experiments to validate our major claims on the TDCM model. and their calculation distinguishes the basic CF approaches. Most of the existing hashing approaches are uni-modal hashing. Moreover  , the list of ISs specified in the RC can be exploited by the CYCLADES search and browse services to improve their performance. A novel architecture for query optimization based on a blackboard which is organized in successive regions has been devised. These features include the sum of the mouse cursor positions' intra-distances  , both inside and outside the KM display as well as overall  , which indicate how compact or dispersed is the distribution of mouse cursor positions. We define the parameters of relevant and non-relevant document language model as θR and θN . We compare a classic Virtuoso RDF quad table Virt-Quad and this CS-based implementation Virt-CS on the BSBM benchmark at 10 billion triples scale. This ensures that each reference trajectory will affect only the corresponding joint angle and that robust steady-state tracking occurs for a class of reference trajectories and torque disturbances  , as will be discussed later. The Scanning Module then collects all results together to get the histogram of the entire frame and forwards this information to the Dynamic Programming Module. give a survey on the overall architecture of DOLORES and describe its underlying multimedia retrieval model. is non-proper. First  , the basic Skip-gram model is extended by inserting a softmax layer  , in order to add the word sentiment polarity. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR refers to retrieval when the query and the database are in different languages. With regard to recall  , Random Indexing outperforms the other approaches for 200 top-ranked suggestions. Similar to the Mann-Whitney test  , it does not assume normal distributions of the population and works well on samples with unequal sizes. While the E-step can be easily distributed  , the M-step is still centralized  , which could potentially become a bottleneck. Note that the likelihood function is just a function and not a probability distribution. Thus  , the matrix ξ ij   , which is defined as a covariance transfer function  , is computed once using a simulation of the control law π ij . For each tree  , a random subset of the total training data is selected that may be overlapping with the subsets for the other trees. This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. The Fourier spectrum is normalized by the DC component  , i.e. These environments are dominated by issues of software construction. We present two Linked Data-based methods: 1 a structure-based similarity based solely on exploration of the semantics defined concepts and relations in an RDF graph  , 2 a statistical semantics method  , Random Indexing  , applied to the RDF in order to calculate a structure-based statistical semantics similarity. While this difference is visually apparent  , we also ensure it is statistically significant using two methods: 1 the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test  , and 2 a permutation test  , to verify that the two samples are drawn from different probability distributions. 1a  , the autoencoder is trained with native form and its transliterated form together. We use LSTM-RNN for both generation and retrieval baselines. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. The types of games examined as part of game theory  , however  , tend to differ from our common notion of interactive games. The CWB searches for subject keywords through a breadth-first search of the tree structure. The second is an audio dataset that contains 2.6 million words  , each represented by a 192-dimensional feature vector. In this sense  , database centric retrieval is a significantly easier problem. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. This approach  , however  , works only for common encoding patterns for range values in text. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as In 18  , convolutional layers are employed directly from the embedded word sequence  , where embedded words are pre-trained separately. The main difference with Eq. The resulting relevance model significantly outperforms all existing click models. The shakwat group University of Paris 8 experimented with a random-walk approach using a space built using semantic indexing  , and containing the blog posts  , as well as the headlines  , in a window around the date of the topic. Typically  , HRI research explores the mechanisms for interaction  , such as gaze following  , smooth pursuit  , face detection  , and affect characterization 8. continents in the world "   , " products of medimmune   , inc. " ;  INEX-LD: this query set covers different types of queries – named entity queries  , type queries  , relation queries  , and attribute queries e.g. " We focus on static query optimization  , i.e. In order to get a better perspective of how well the Human Interest Model performs for different types of topics  , we manually divided the TREC 2005 topics into four broad categories of PER- SON  , ORGANIZATION  , THING and EVENT as listed in Table  3 . We have implemented the entropy-based LSH indexing method. TDCM 15 : This is a two-dimensional click model which emphasizes two kinds of user behaviors. Sample Code Figure 1shows the Java code of two library classes  , Lib and Priv  , and two client classes  , Enterprise and School. The flow of BSBM queries simulates a real user interacting with a web application. We employ the Self-Organizing Map SOM  9 to create a map of a musical archive  , where pieces of music sounding similar are organized next to each other on the two-dimensional map display. Selected statistics can be found in Table 2. Using each of our approach  , C4.5  , CBA  , and FID  , predictive modeling rules were mined from the dataset for data mining. These metrics use Word Embedding models newly trained using the separate Twitter background dataset  , but making use of the word2vec 5 tool. On questions QALD-2  , about the same number of queries are improved and hurt. 33 propose an evolutionary timeline summarization strategy based on dynamic programming. Recommendations to person p are made using: Pm|p ∝ Pp  , m. The idea of having bilingual contexts for each pivot word in each pseudo-bilingual document will steer the final model towards constructing a shared inter-lingual embedding space. Once the learned policy is good enough to control the robot  , the second phase of learning begins. Then  , the distribution of the scores of all documents in a library is modelled by the random variable To derive the document score distribution in step 2  , we can view the indexing weights of term t in all documents in a library as a random variable X t . In this paper  , we presented CyCLaDEs  , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. The likelihood function Eq. Table 4shows a comparison of the recall precision values for the English-Chinese CLIR experimental results. Likewise   , the number of movies a person has rated is a very good method on the implicit rating prediction GROC plot. We model the relevant model and non-relevant model in the probabilistic retrieval model as two multinomial distributions. Incorporating this additional semantic fact could have helped to improve the relevance of retrieved results. The evaluation results are presented in Table 3. Smaller clusters are less easily interpretable  , but their existence indicates that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also operates with concepts that are not hard-coded in PGM-based click models. If two words are semantically similar  , the cosine similarity – as per Equation 3 – of their word vectors is higher. The databases are relatively small. As with PL-EM Naive  , this method utilizes 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference  , 10 rounds of EM  , and maximizes the full PL. IMRank only takes 3 and 5 iterations to achieve a stable and high influence spread under the two models respectively. Therefore Lye have the following result. On the other hand  , Item is based on content similarity as measured by Pearson's correlation coefficient proposed in 1. Using σ G s as a surrogate for user assessments of semantic similarity  , we can address the general question of how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. One component of a probabilistic retrieval model is the indexing model  , i.e. However  , we will keep the nested logit terminology since it is more prevalent in the discrete choice literature. From a correlation perspective  , the similarity wij is basically the unnormalized Pearson correlation coefficient 7 between nodes i and j. , precision and purity. The Query Evaluator parses the query and builds an operator based query tree. The autoencoder is still able to discover interesting patterns in the input set. A good review of these approaches are presented in I. Second  , we propose reducing the visual appearance gap by applying deep learning techniques. The softmax distribution has several important properties. Then the receiver's dynamic type must be a subtype of its static type. Another example of visualization techniques of this category is self-organizing map SOM. Rules model intensional knowledge  , from which new probabilistic facts are derived. Finally  , we give the recognition result based on the searching results. As these frequency spectra are not provided in evenly spaced time intervals  , we use Lagrange transformation to obtain timed snapshots. Fast Fourier Transform FFT has been applied to get the Fourier transform for each short period of time. This also reflects that apps tend to go through a series of revisions before being generally favorable; after which the subsequent versions show a decline in general interest  , and this suggests the peripheral nature of the subsequent revisions. The dimensionality of the template is very high when considering it as the input to the Random Forest The feature vector serves as an input to a Random Forest C lassifier which has been trained offline on a database. These properties are considered as random influence. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. Furthermore  , millions of training images are needed to build a deep CNN model from scratch. So we adopt a weighting method: Our approach provides a novel point of view to Wikipedia quality classification. Figure 4bshows that the number of calls answered by caches are proportional with the size of the cache. K plsa +U corresponds to the results obtained when an additional 10 ,000 unlabeled abstracts from the MGD database were used to learn the pLSA model semi-supervised learning. Unlike previous work  , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. Some other approaches for directly optimizing IR measures use Genetic Programming 1  , 49 or approximate the IR measures with the functions that are easy-to-handle 44  , 12. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function  , ω and α in Eq. The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. The heuristic for the planner uses a 2D Dijkstra search from the goal state. Positive/negative vq  , r corresponds to a vote in favor of a positive or negative answer respectively. In this section  , we present some specific examples of the number of online retailers that could readily benefit from leveraging our approach. The Discrete Cosine Transform DCT is a real valued version of Fast Fourier Transform FFT and transforms time domain signals into coefficients of frequency component. can be clustered into two groups  , words closely related to a specific query topic and general background words.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. We choose to traverse the tree using depth-first search DFS. It runs the Linux operating system with a 2.6.9 kernel. 8there is a distinguishable difference between nominal and tip folding in the final phase of insertion d3 < d < d4. The approach taken in this paper suggests a framework for understanding user behavior in terms of demographic features determined through unsupervised modeling. 9. Many data sets are incomplete. The ongoing expansion in the availability of electronic news material provides immediate access to many diaeerent perspectives on the same news stories. The correlation between the two measures was evaluated using the Pearson correlation coefficient and Kendall's−τ 4 . , portfolio theory  , Business value is not the only mature concept of value. We also ensured that the queries used were different from those used in Task 2  , in order to avoid training effects on particular questions. 4 Yahoo! For QALD-4 dataset  , it was observed that 21 out of 24 queries with their variations were correctly fitted in NQS. In this section  , we compare individual vs. aggregate levels of customer modeling. is implemented as a rule-based system. The joint document retrieval model combines keyword-based retrieval models with entity-based retrieval models. This click model is consisted of a horizontal model H Model that explains the skipping behavior  , a vertical model D Model that depicts the vertical examination behavior  , and a relevance model R Model that measures the intrinsic relevance between the prefix and a suggested query. , 19  , 26  , 33. Maximizing the likelihood function is equivalent to maximizing the logarithm of the likelihood function  , so The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. The inference is done by Variational EM and the evaluation is done by measuring the accuracy of predicted location and showing anecdotal results. Sutton 11 employed Q-learning in his Dyna architecture and presented an application of optimal path finding problems. , to distinguish highly personalized SERPs and to discount observed clicks in these sessions. Existing model-fitting methods are typically batchbased i.e. Thus  , a signal segment of the former type would be characterised by low entropy. Joint application development JAD is a requirements-definition and user-interface design methodology according to Steve McConnell 4. One of the best known LSH methods for handling 1 distances is based on stable distributions 2. Starting from a random public user  , we iteratively built a mutual graph of users in a Breadth First Search BFS manner. The size of the ensembles was chosen to allow for comparison with previous work and corresponds with those authors' recommendations. Support vector machine has been proven to be an efficient classifier in text mining 1 . 2 Training a Random Forest: During trammg of the forest  , the optimization variables are the pairs of feature component cPij and threshold B per split node. Then we update parameters utilizing Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD until converge. The prediction of character at each time step is given by: The last LSTM decoder generates each character  , C  , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128  , ht−1  , for the next time-step prediction. Since the prototype did not include a general search engine  , the best interface with such systems is unknown. We created a corpus of SPARQL queries using data from the QALD-1 5 and the ILD2012 challenges. Perhaps the best example of a  It also permits nodes which can represent topographical cues to be freely added and/or removed. Locating a piece of music on the map then leaves you with similar music next to it  , allowing intuitive exploration of a music archive. We provide a probabilistic model for image retrieval problem. More concretely  , to automatically construct the lexical paraphrase matrix we follow a simple three-step procedure: Learn Word Embeddings: Learn a set of word embedding vectors using Word2vec 9  on a background corpus containing the same type of documents that are to be expanded. If Rp is too large  , it would require many perturbed queries to achieve good search quality. Figure 2is a flowchart of user interactions under the TDCM model. We note that when sufficient training data is available  , existing techniques for learning ranking functions can be leveraged. Hence  , CLIR experiments were performed with different translations: i.e. Our approach allows both safe optimization and approximate optimization. This is what enables DIR to detect the equilibrium when pb = 1 ≤ 1 2 . A variety of retrieval models have been well studied in information retrieval to model relevance  , such as vector space model  , classic probabilistic model  , and language models 31  , 28  , 34  , 24  , 33  , 38 . Then  , further simulations were performed. This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . Applying MLE to graph model fitting  , however  , is very difficult. Figure 1shows appropriate sequences of such steps. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. HI can achieve good imputation results when the missing ratio is low. Ranking the words according to their scores. PV-DBOW maps words and documents into low-dimension dense vectors. This work can be characterized as demonstrating the utility of learning explicit models to allow mental simulation while learning 2. The imitation game balances the perceived challenges with the perceived skills of the child and proves to be challenging for the children. 10 . Perplexity  , which is widely used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood lower numbers are better. Indeed  , training a classifier on the Shannon entropy of a user's distribution of NRC categories achieved good performance on FOLLOWERS and KLOUT  , with accuracies of 65.36% and 62.38% respectively both significant at p < 0.0001. 1997 found that their corpus-based CLIR queries performed almost as well as the monolingual baseline queries. Autonomic computing is a grand challenge  , requiring advances in several fields of science and technology  , particularly systems  , software architecture and engineering  , human-system interfaces  , policy  , modeling  , optimization  , and many branches of artificial intelligence such as planning  , learning  , knowledge representation and reasoning  , multiagent systems  , negotiation  , and emergent behavior. This result is further verified when we examine the result of KLSH-Weight  , which outperform both KLSH-Best and KLSH- Uniform. A major motivation for us to develop the cross-language meaning matching model is to improve CLIR effectiveness over a strong CLIR baseline. Examining users' geographic foci of attention for different queries is potentially a rich source of data for user modeling and predictive analytics. Phrasal translation approach 17  , 11 was inspected for improving CLIR performance. PLSA was originally used in text context for information retrieval and now has been used in web data mining 5. In general  , a feature model 3  , 4  , 5  , 6  , 7  , 8 is a description of the relevant characteristics of some entity of interest. We first conduct a breadth-first or depth-first search on the graph. Although on a large scale the fitting is rather accurate  , the smaller and faster phenomena are not given enough attention in this model. In practice  , it is closer to a depth-first search with some backtracking than to a breadth-first search. However  , it remains to be seen whether Word Embedding can be effectively used to evaluate the coherence of topics in comparison with existing metrics. Random Forest. The presented results are preliminary. Thc formation order of secondary structures is related to a undamt:ntal question in protein folding: do secondary struc­ tures always form before the tertiary structure  , or is tertiary structure formed in a one-stage transition ? LIB is similar in spirit to IDF and its value represents the discriminative power of the term when it appears in a document. Xser 26   , the most successful system in QALD-4 and QALD-5  , uses a twostep architecture. A stochastic game may last either a finite or infinite number of stages. On the other hand  , there is a clear and valid reason for the aforementioned hesitancy for the applicability of agile modeling. Bilingual dictionaries have been used in several CLIR experiments. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query generated from a document 9. In this section  , we illustrate the split group duplicate problem that arises if we ignore this subtle difference between materialized view maintenance and the " traditional " associative/commutative update problems studied by Korth Kor83 and others. This optimization problem can be solved by dynamic programming. The first option defines a feature for the lower range value and a feature for the upper range value  , respectively. To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. After enough information about previously-executed  , empty-result queries has been accumulated in C aqp   , our method can often successfully detect empty-result queries and avoid the expensive query execution. A derived relation may be virtual  , which corresponds to the traditional concept of a view  , or materialized  , meaning that the relation resulting from evaluating the expression over the current database instance is actually stored. However  , dynamic programming has about two orders of magnitude larger consumption of computational resources Fig. Interdependence theory  , a type of social exchange theory  , is a psychological theory developed as a means for understanding and analyzing interpersonal situations and interaction 4. The last LSTM decoder generates each character  , C  , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128  , ht−1  , for the next time-step prediction. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. We employ Random Forest classifier in Weka toolkit 2 with default parameter settings. In the field of information science  , Shannon has defined information as the degree of entropy. Using the training blog entries  , we train an S-PLSA model. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. For our implementation we select As the binary constraints are directly imposed to the learning objective and are valid throughout the optimization procedure  , the derived binary codes are much more accurate than sign thresholding binary codes. In our implementation  , we use the alternating optimization for its amenability for the cold-start settings. The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. To represent a specific node in S  , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase  , and average the corresponding vectors 9. This is a good example of leveraging machine learning in game theory to avoid its unreasonable assumptions . Results showed that there was a high correlation among subjects' responses to the items Table 6. In this way  , the model is able to learn character level " topic " distribution over the features of both scripts jointly. Compared to pLSA  , Lap- PLSA shows more robust performance: diversification with pLSA can underperform the baseline given an improperly set K  , while diversification with LapPLSA regularized by the subtopics from an external resource in general outperforms the baseline irrespective of the choice of K. The only exception is the case where K = 2  , which is presumably not a sensible choice for K. Second  , judging from Figure 3   , the effectiveness of each resource differs on different topic sets. It was noted that few imputation methods outperformed the mean mode imputation MMI  , which is widely used. We will revisit and evaluate some representative retrieval models to examine how well they work for finding related articles given a seed article. The weighted version RW weights the semantic clusters based on the aggregate relevance levels of the tweets included in each cluster. When the learning rate eaches zero  , the system has completed its learning.  the autocorrelation of the signal. Both benchmarks pick terms from dictionaries with uniform distribution. This could imply that with more examples to learn from  , users are more focused on a general model and less able to keep in mind particular cases. AVID uses an approach which is based on estimating the uncertainties in imputation by using several bootstrap samples to build different imputation models and determining the variance ofthe imputed values. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l σ  , the number of documents to which a cluster's score is distributed Equation 3: {5 ,10 ,20 ,30 ,40} ρ  , the number of rounds: 1–2  , Cluster-Audition; 1–5  , Viterbi Doc-Audition and Doc-Audition. However  , IMRank consistently improves the initial rankings in terms of obtained influence spread. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos  , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. This figure shows a sensor scan dots at the outside  , along with the likelihood function grayly shaded area: the darker a region  , the smaller the likelihood of observing an obstacle. Kernelized LSH KLSH 23 addresses this limitation by employing kernel functions to capture similarity between data points without having to know their explicit vector representation. The parameters of the LSTM configuration  , i.e. It is especially useful in cases when it is possible to consider a large number of suggestions which include false positives -such as the case when the keyword suggestions are used for expert crawling. Simulated annealing is a capable of crossing local minima and locating the global minimum 6. For both the paper folding and protein folding models  , each con­ nection attempt performs feasibility checks for N intermedi­ ate confi gurations between the two corresponding nodes as determined by the chosen local planner. L in the Vector Space Model  , whose relevance to some documents have been manually labeled. Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the   , S i−1 . In his method  , stability ana lysis about the whole system is established on the basis of Popov's stability theory. This scanner then adds supported document types that it finds to a specified instance of an Up- Lib repository. The section that follows investigates this challenge. Working versions are contained in libraries whose names consist of Xlib   , and the corresponding systems versions are found in <lib . Instead of adhering to the standard 3-letter code  , they often provide different representations of unit symbols  , e.g. General English words are likely to have similar distributions in both language models I and A. Since the dynamic behavior of the end-effector in two directions are uncoupled  , matrices E  , S   , G and H of Figure 10are diagonal. Each element in vector xi represents a metric value. Their results further show that better performance would be obtained from applying imputation techniques. We conducted numerous calibrations using the vector space model Singhal96  , Robertson's probabilistic retrieval strategy Robertson98  , and a modified vector space retrieval strategy. 7 we evaluate our initial implementation on the QALD-4 benchmark and conclude in Sect. The gold standard-based evaluation reveals a superior performance of hyProximity in cases where precision is preferred; Random Indexing performed better in case of recall. The bypass technique fills the gap between the achievements of traditional query optimization and the theoretical potential   , In this technique  , specialized operators are employed that yield the tuples that fulfll the operator's predicate and the tuples that do not on two different  , disjoint output streams. They converge to particular values that turned out to be quite reasonable. The design includes the assignment of an appropriate set of admissible strategies and payoff functions to all players. This is also one of very few recent studies to empirically explore the value of multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies for CLIR. There are only two parameters to tune in random forests: T   , the number of trees to grow  , and m  , the number of features to consider when splitting each node. Moreover  , a self-organizing map could have been used to analyse the 2D projection instead of the tabular model. For large graphs like ours  , there are no efficient solutions to determine if two graphs are physically identical . In these experiments  , this step is carried out manually. We maximize this likelihood function to estimate the value of μs. The rise of B2B e-commerce revealed a series of new information management challenges in the area of product data integration 5 ,13. In general  , it is harder to locate a single web article that describes an event or a general object. The first 1 ,000 iterations of MCMC chains were discarded as an initial burn-in period. SOM 14Self Organizing Map or SOFM Self Organizing Feature Map shares the same philosophy to produce low dimension from high dimension. In the language modeling framework  , documents are modeled as the multinomial distributions capturing the word frequency occurrence within the documents. While this method works for relatively low degree-of-freedom manipulators  , there is a 'cross over' point beyond which the problem becomes overdetermined   , and an exact solution cannot be guaranteed. The transfer function is assumed as the diagonal matrix  , so that the Phase deg Frequency Hz x-output y-output z-output Figs.5shows the resulted Bode diagram. The current implementation of the VLBG it is based upon a graph search technique derived from Dijkstra search. We create an embedding feature for each attribute using these word vectors as follows. λU   , λI are the regularization parameters. We run IMRank to select 50 seed nodes. Instead  , we draw the samplê Y just once before we begin optimizing w  , but we drawˆYdrawˆ drawˆY using the following strategy:  Choose restart states to span a variety of Δs. In all the cases  , we compare the queries generated by D2R Server with –fast enabled with the queries generated by Morph with subquery and self-join elimination enabled. An * indicates that the Kolmogorov- Smirnov test did not confirm a significant di↵erence p > 0.05 between the indicated bin and the fourth bin. 1. For the sake of simplicity  , we do not distinguish between a transition and it's corresponding state variable. Mid-query re-optimization  , progressive optimization  , and proactive re-optimization instead initially optimize the entire plan; they monitor the intermediate result sizes during query execution  , and re-optimize only if results diverge from the original estimates. In this section  , we analyze the characteristics of categories on Pinterest and Twitter. One final extension is required. Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability. The larger the LIB  , the more information the term contributes to the document and should be weighted more heavily in the document representation . courses  , students  , professors are generated. However  , our approach is unique in several senses. 6 also gives an overview over current and future development activities. If an injection succeeds  , it serves as an example of the IKM learning from experience and eventually producing a valid set of values. Notice that when no explicit subtopics can be found for a query  , the regularized pLSA is reduced to the normal pLSA. When the page pair is present in the DSN that is  , at least two users viewed these pages together in some sessions  , the model includes the group information through l and m. While l provides an idea about the general user interest in a page pair across all the groups in the DSN  , m shows the popularity of a page pair in a certain group. Evaluation is performed via anecdotal results. Therefore  , we set í µí»¿ and in our LSH-based method. A total of 399 words returned the same results for all four approaches. With the addition of power and controls to the unfolded composite  , it would be possible to build a robot that could deploy in its two­ dimensional form  , fold itself  , and begin operations. Due to space limitations   , we do not present our queries in detail; we refer the reader to the tSPARQL specification instead. LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . K plsa +U + T corresponds to the results obtained when the test set was also used to learn the pLSA model  , thereby tailoring the classifiers to the task of interest transductive learning. After that  , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. We use a query engine that implements a variation on the INQUERY 1 tf·idf scoring function to extract an ordered list of results from each of the three indices. Given the variety of models  , there was a pressing need for an objective comparison of their performance. Edit distance. In practice  , the probability of each action is evaluated using 12 and the highest-probability action is selected. For thrift-lib-w2-5t  , although HaPSet checked 14 runs  , it actually spent more time than what DPOR spent on checking 23 runs. The authors illustrate that DBSCAN can be used to detect clusters of any shape and can outperform CLARANS by a large margin up to several orders of magnitude. In this method th'e C-space is respresented as the convolution of the robot and workspace bitmaps 19. 2015. We also prove the convergence of IMRank and analyze the impact of initial ranking. N is the number of stochastic gradient descent steps. The estimated values were: 60 Allele  , 40 Expression  , 25 Gene Ontology and 25 Tumor. The Random Forest model selects a portion of the data attributes randomly and generates hundreds and thousands of trees accordingly  , and then votes for the best performing one to produce the classification result. classes in PLSA. There can also be something specific to the examples added that adds confusion . We consider MV-DNN as a general Deep learning approach in the multi-view learning setup. There are s ti ll many interesting problems involving folding of tree­ like linkages. To make this causal claim we need to lay down a behavioral model of clicking that describes why the targeted group is more prone to click on an advertisement than the general population of users. is developed1. This comprises the construction of optimized query execution plans for individual queries as well as multi-query optimization. In particular  , low-rank MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 15  , item taxonomy 6  , and attributes 1. Sound statistic background of the model brings its outstanding performance. For the QALD experiments described later  , we annotated the query using DBpedia Spotlight 7. The model consists of several components: a Deep Semantic Structured Model DSSM 11 to model user static interests; two LSTM-based temporal models to capture daily and weekly user temporal patterns; and an LSTM temporal model to capture global user interests. Here  , for easier comparison  , we use the same number of probes T = 100 for both multi-probe LSH and entropy-based LSH. The relevance values attached to each rule then provide  , together with an appropriate calculus of relevance values  , a mechanism for determining the overall relevance of a given document as a function of those patterns which it contains. The Reverse Dijkstra heuristic is as described in Section 3.2.3 and shows significant improvement. Several variants coexists; among them the Fourier Transform for discrete signals and the Fast Fourier Transform which is also for discrete signals but has a complexity of On · ln n instead of On 2  for the discrete Fourier Transform. However  , this optimization can lead to starvation of certain types of transactions. If A is a D × D matrix  , this problem corresponds to the work in 13; if A is a d × D matrix where d < D  , this problem corresponds to the work in 18. It varies from -1 to 1 and the larger the value  , the stronger the positive correlation between them. Semantic relevance. RQ2: Do word embeddings trained on different corpora change the ranking performance ? The replicated examples were used both when fitting model parameters and when tuning the threshold. The encoding procedure can be summarized as: Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input  , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. After training stops  , we normalize word embeddings by their L2 norm  , which forces all words to be represented by unit vectors. The Spearman's rank correlation coefficient is calculated using the Pearson correlation coefficient between the ranked variables. First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. We aggregate the top n representative articles over all the time frames in a community evolution path. The vibration response is shown in figure 8. Graphs  , which are in fact one of the most general forms of data representation   , are able to represent not only the values of an entity  , but can be used to explicitly model structural relations that may exist between different parts of an object 5 ,6. So he has there by advanced information theory remarkably . The number of product models in the BSH was 1376 with an average count of 29 properties  ,  while the Weidmüller BMEcat consisted of 32585 product models with 47 properties on average created by our converter. In particular  , dynamic pruning strategies aim to avoid the scoring of postings for documents that cannot make the top K retrieved set. Correlations were measured using the Pearson's correlation coefficient. Local R 2 FP selects the most conductive features in the sub-region and summarizes the joint distribution of the selected features  , which enhances the robustness of the final representation and promotes the separability of the pooled features.  Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. The approach is evaluated on four open source applica- tions: Neuroph  , WURFL  , Joda-Time  , and Json-lib. 6 and 7. Second  , the system is extensible. On the basis of sentence representations using Bi-LSTM with CNN  , we can model the interactions between two sentences. Note  , however  , that  , in contrast to group commit  , our method does not impose any delays on transaction commits other than the log I/O Itself. If you assume that the two samples are drawn from distributions with the same shape  , then it can be viewed as a comparison of the medians of the two samples. The probability of observing the context word v given the pivot word w is defined by the softmax function: The learning goal is to maximize the ability of predicting context words for each pivot word in the corpus. Moreover  , the MI can be represented via Shannon entropy  , which is a quantity of measuring uncertainty of random variables  , given as follows It is straightforward that the MI between two variables is 0 iff the two variables are statistically independent. The user interacts with the QAC engine horizontally and vertically according to the H  , D and R models. On the contrary  , the " shortest path " also called " geodesic " or " Dijkstra "  distance between nodes of a graph does not necesarily decrease when connections between nodes are added  , and thus does not capture the fact that strongly connected nodes are closer than weakly connected nodes. Folding is a vcry common proccss in our lives. Searching in time series data can effectively be supported by visual interactive query specification and result visualization. , we used two browsing patterns to evaluate find-similar. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals  , regardless of other individuals choices. To summarize  , S-PLSA + works as follows. First  , when using the same number of hash tables  , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need  , compared with the entropy-based approach ? The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. For doing that  , the downhill Simplex method takes a set of steps. user-based and itembased methods  , using the Pearson correlation to measure the similarity. For measurement of the sensitivity transfer function matrix  , the input excitation uas supplied by the rotation of an eccentric mass mounted on the tool bit. These categories conform to TREC's general division of question topics into 4 main entity types 13 . Figure 10shows the likelihood and loop closure error as a function of EM iteration. Also  , stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization. In general  , these configurations are not present in the roadmap  , so they are added to the roadmap using the local planner. The signal detection operates on a power signal; a Fast Fourier Transform FFT is being done which trans­ forms the signal in time domain into frequency domain. We investigated whether instead of emotivity  , the diversity of emotions expressed could be related to high status. We also note that BSS is not consistent on these two platforms: for example  , it doesn't work well in the iPhone 5 dataset 0.510 on MRR@All on 0.537 on MRR@Last by BSS-last. The latter can take advantage of both product categorization standards and catalog group structures in order to organize types of products and services and to contribute additional granularity in terms of semantic de- scriptions 19. character and word n-grams extracted from CNN can be encoded into a vector representation using LSTM that can embed the meaning of the whole tweet. maximize the likelihood that our particular model produced the data. We then calculate the Shannon Entropy Shannon et al. As for a rule  , the relation is interesting when the antecedent provides a great deal of information Gini index G  of the information content of a rule 21. Precision is defined as gcd/gcd+bcd and recall is defined as gcd/gcd+gncd were gcd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are found  , bcd is the number of documents that do not belong to the collection that are found also called false positives and gncd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are not found also called false negatives. Unstructured PLSA and Structured PLSA  , are good at picking up a small number of the most significant aspects when K is small. In each scenario we had 10 indexes for each team member and 55 different access combinations  , although the indexes in S4 are of different size to S1  , S2 and S3 because in S1  , S2 and S3 we can theoretically exclude everything from the collection whereas for S4 this is dependent on the query pool. She enters a query on game theory into the ScholarLynk toolbar. In any case  , whichever way has been followed to actually build the program  , it is illuminating to be able to study and examine it by increasing levels of details at the reader's convenience. We use scikit-learn 28 as the implementation of the Random Forest Classifier. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM is built like that 5. , see 16 . Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. query terms rather than document terma because they were investigating probabilistic retrieval Model 2 of Robertson et.al. once the shortcomings mentioned in Section 6.2 are addressed  , we will evaluate our approach on a larger scale  , for example using the data provided by the second instalment of the QALD open challenge  , which comprises 100 training and 100 test questions on DBpedia  , and a similar amount of questions on MusicBrainz . Neural word embedding methods12  , 13  , 14 represent each word by a real-valued dense word vector. Our approach outperforms both the simple PLSA and Dual-PLSA methods  , as well as a transfer learning approach Collaborative Dual-PLSA. Befi q captures relevance because it is based on all propositions defining the semantic content of the object o  , that imply the query formula. Our scope of machine learning is limited to the fitting of parameter values in previously prescribed models  , using prescribed model-fitting procedures. On the other hand  , our TDCM model achieves significant better results on both platforms. Of particular interest are open questions related to the introduction of police-based data placement in an information integration system. If a crawl is started from a single seed  , then the order in which pages will be crawled tends to be similar to a breadth first search through the link graph 27 the crawl seldom follows pure breadth first order due to crawler requirements to obey politeness and robots restrictions . We developed techniques to improve the HTML aspects identified  , including the removal of whitespace and proprietary attributes  , dead-markup removal  , the use of header style classes and dynamic programming. We utilize word vectors trained on large corpus to rephrase the sentence automatically. We used two kinds semantic score to evaluate the relevance between tweets and profiles as follow  ,  The semantic score c i is recorded simultaneously . At the minimum  , we hope that the OAI will create a framework for serious investigation of these issues and lay the 13 http://cinzica.iei.pi.cnr.it/cyclades/  , 14 http://www.clir.org/diglib/architectures/testbed.htm. The optimization problem of join order selection has been extensively studied in the context of relational databases 12  , 11  , 16. For each leaf node  , there is a unique assigned path from the root which is encoded using binary digits. Fourier transform 10  is an invertible function which decomposes a function into a continuous spectrum of its frequency components. where λi's are the model parameters we need to estimate from the training data. Even for rather large numbers of daily updates  , e.g. We study how such a user preference signal affects the clickrate of a business and design effective strategies to generate personalization features. Two categories of word analogy are used in this task: semantic and syntactic. The model can be directly used to derive quantitative predictions about term and link occurrences. Our immediate next target is to extend TL-PLSA with a method for estimating the number of shared classes of the two domains. The Clarke-Tax approach ensures that users have no incentive to lie about their true intentions. We describe a conceptual mapping and the implementation of a respective software tool for automatically converting BMEcat documents into RDF data based on the GoodRelations vocabulary 9. What are the factors that influence whether --and which term --will emerge as the convention to represent a given topic ? It has already been shown that the Hamming distance between different documents will asymptotically approach their Euclidean distance in the original feature space with the increase of the hashing bits. The second group events e2 and e5 is related with the detection of maneuver optimization events. Next  , we present the details of the proposed model GPU-DMM. Collaborative Tagging systems have become quite popular in recent years. We call this tree the LSH Tree. Note that although the current version of NL-Graphs has been tested with DBpedia  , it can be easily configured to query other datasets. In response  , there has been much research exploring the principles and technologies behind this functionality. To make sure that SDM-CA is not overfit  , we run SDM using a standard weighting scheme 0.8  , 0.1  , 0.1 and got very close results with respect to MAP – 0.258 on SemSearch ES  , 0.196 on ListSearch  , 0.114 on INEX-LD  , 0.186 on QALD-2  , and 0.193 on the query set including all queries. The task of the horizontal model H Model is to estimate the distribution of H: P H. investigate how to perform variational EM for the application of learning text topics 33. We introduced a design pipeline which automatically generates folding information  , then compiles this information into fabrication files. If the precomputations would have to be run often  , we suggest not using the precomputations and instead running the Dijkstra search in AFTERGOAL with an unsorted array Section IV-B.1. Second  , the monitoring and control of memoryaccessing events often have large overhead. We remind the reader that the generalized upon the strategies chosen by all the other players  , but also each player's strategy set may depend on the rival players' strategies. Nevertheless  , this approach is clearly not scalable e.g. Furthermore  , an external memory implementation would require significant additional disk space. Two methods are used to identify the characteristic frequencies of the flexible modes. While the baseline and previous approaches directly used the text of the queries with stop word removal to search documents  , here we modified the queries. The general interest model for user 814 is shown as a word cloud and a table in Dynamic time warping is solved via dynamic programming 20. coordinated motion  , the equation in 3 would be used as the cost function for either optimal control or DTW. Using deviance measures  , e.g. Note that the gathering of the service descriptions and the generation of the service functions is periodically repeated in order to accommodate the possible changes in the underlying DL infrastructure. In sequence-to-sequence generation tasks  , an LSTM defines a distribution over outputs and sequentially predicts tokens using a softmax function. In folding simulations  , similar structures between proteins could be indicative of a common folding pathway. The final results show Q2 being used for root-finding instead of optimization. As we can see  , the calls to the local cache depends considerably on the size of the data  , the percentage of hit-rate is 47 % in the case of BSBM with 1M  , and it decreased to 11 % for BSBM with 10M. , a model of the assignment of indexing terms to documents. The last and final level is to utilize RaPiD7 in a full-scale software project  , and plan the documentation authoring in projects by scheduling consecutive workshops. 5 Torque Figure 5 illustrates the block diagram of the setup using multiplicative uncertainty representation  , in which P o is the nominal model of the system  , W is the uncertainty weighting function  , A is a memoryless operator of induced L2 norm less than unity  , which represents the normalized variation of the true system from the model  , and C is the controller. To capture the behavior of SaaSs and IaaS in this conflicting situation game in which what a SaaS or the IaaS the players of the game does directly affects what others do  , we consider the Generalized Nash game13  , 15  , which is broadly used in Game Theory and other fields. Improving translation accuracy is important for query translation . A plus  " + "  indicates that the corresponding factor can be set multiple for each product. The shapes of the bodies are various for each person. the NCU family 16. However  , the complexity of DBSCAN is OMogN. Section 2 introduces Pearson Rank ρ r   , our novel correlation coefficient  , and shows that it has several desirable properties. The fitting with this extended model is considerably better Fig. 2-4; ||·|| indicate the 2- norm of the model parameters and λ is the regularization rate. The outputs of our computational methodology are two  , inter-related  , user typologies: 1 a course-grained view of the user population segmented into use diffusion adopter categories and 2 a fine-grained view of the same population segmented along the same two dimensions but using more detailed measures for variety and frequency. All D-Lib articles are written in HTML. The authors clarify the importance of OBIE approaches  , as they describe such systems as a bridging technology which combines text understanding systems and IE systems. The embedding of the word vectors enables the identification of words that are used in similar contexts to a specufic word. The architecture of the autoencoder is shown Fig. Semantic Accuracy: We observed an SP of 91.92 % for the OWL-S TC query dataset. Here  , L is the log-likelihood of the implicit topic model as maximized by pLSA. Probabilistic facts model extensional knowledge. Using deep learning approaches for recommendation systems has recently received many attentions 20  , 21  , 22. In this paper  , we propose a new Word Embedding-based metric  , which we instantiate using 8 different Word Embedding models trained using different datasets and different parameters. Inspired by Stochastic Gradient Descent updating rules  , we use the gradient of the loss to estimate the model change. Vectors with three components are completed with zero values. We separately evaluate the utility of temporal modeling via staleness by introducing the Staleness only method that includes the F t features. the Shannon entropy 15  , 16. The parameters of the document language models are estimated by interpolating relative frequency of occurrence of the term w in the document D with the relative frequency of occurrence in the document collection C. In both cases a uniform random distribution is used. At run time  , the two clients will require SocketPermissions to resolve the names and connect to ports 80 of hosts ibm.com and vt.edu  , respectively. We emphasize that our focus in this paper is on improving the space and time efficiency of LSH  , already established as an attractive technique for high-dimensional similarity search. Now  , we can calculate the speed-up factor of IncrementalDBSCAN versus DBSCAN. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. We chose probabilistic structured queries PSQ as our CLIR baseline because among vector space techniques for CLIR it presently yields the best retrieval effectiveness. Figure 1show an example where no global density threshold exists that can separate all three natural clusters  , and consequently  , DBSCAN cannot find the intrinsic cluster structure of the dataset. A simplex is simply a set of N+l guesses  , or vertices  , of the N-dimensional statevector sought and the error associated with each guess. This means that NetPLSA indeed extracts more coherence topical communities than PLSA. As the decreasing average persistence sphere size in Figure 7eshows  , this nice effect increases with the DMP. The primary advantage over the implicit integration method of Anitescu and Potra is the lower running time that such alternative methods can yield  , as the results in Table Ican testify. QALD-2 has the largest number of queries with no performance differences  , since both FSDM and SDM fail to find any relevant results for 28 out of 140 queries from this fairly difficult query set. The results are shown in Table 3   , which indicate that an individual's NST@Self shows an obvious positive correlation with both shannon entropy and LZ  , i.e. We learned 3 the mapping of 300  , 000 words to a 100-dimension embedded space over a corpus consisting of 7.5 million Web queries  , sampled randomly from a query log. λ1 and λ2 are two trade-off parameters that explore the relative importance of classification results in the source domain and the target domain. In the rating imputation case  , the mean rating of a user is the single best predictor for rating imputation according to the GROC criteria. It comprises two sets of 50 questions over DBpedia   , annotated with SPARQL queries and answers. In t h e 1940's  , Shannon resolved the problem of measuring information by defining Entropy as a measure of the uncertainty of transmission of information: where as is the space of information signals transmitted 12  , 51. In 10 the authors use the Fast Fourier Transform to solve the problem of pattern similarity search. The unexpectedness of the most relevant results was also higher with the Linked Data-based measures. The following equations describe those used as the foundation of our retrieval strategies. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. In the Semantic Web  , many systems translate English questions to SPARQL queries see 13 for a survey  , and the QALD 8 challenge is devoted to that task. , s2. Specifically  , in this work we employ the SkipGram algo- rithm 25 which learns word embedding in an unsupervised way by optimizing the vector similarity of each word to context words in a small window around its occurrences in a large corpus. Unfortunately  , the DMI' method has two severe shortcomings as discussed in the following 1. In such a case  , the objective function degenerates to the log-likelihood function of PLSA with no regularization. Training a single tree involves selecting √ m random intervals  , generating the mean  , standard deviation  , and slope of the random intervals for every series. Having cost models for all three types of releases  , along with an understanding of the outiler subset of high productivity releases  , would complete the cost modeling area of our study. These benchmarks use the DBpedia knowledge base and usually provide a training set of questions  , annotated with the ground truth SPARQL queries. To achieve over 0.9 recall  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 while achieving similar time efficiencies. We took great care to match the SHORE/C++ implementation as closely as possible  , including using the same C library random number generator and initializing it with the same seed so as to generate the same sequence of random numbers used to build the OO7 benchmark database and to drive the benchmark traversals. To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. 4 propose a probability model called Sentiment PLSA S-PLSA for short based on the assumption that sentiment consists of multiple hidden aspects. The approximate entropy can be computed for any time series  , chaotic or otherwise  , at a low computational cost  , and even for small data samples T < 50. The transfer function matrix Gi is expressed as follows; We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. The parameters of the final PLSA model are first initialized using the documents that have been pre-assigned to the selected cluster signatures. Because the vast majority of property labels are of English origin  , we could not apply this baseline to Spanish QALD-4 data. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. Much of policy learning is viewed from the perspective of learning a Q-function. We apply multidimensional Dynamic Programming DP matching to align multiple observations. Then we argue its asynchronous convergence using game theory. The Fourier spectrum calculation is proportional to the square of the voltage input signal. The new successive higher-order window representations then are fed into LSTM Section 2.2. Reference-based indexing 7  , 11  , 17  , 36  can be considered as a variation of vector space indexing. In such a system   , users can query with a boolean combination of tags and other keywords  , and obtain resources ranked by relevance to users' interests. Deep learning with no transfer DL 14: A deep learning approach with five convolutional layers and three fully connected layers. Most applications of game theory evaluate the system's performance in terms of winning e.g. In particular  , m represents the average number of times each user of the group viewed this page pair. stochastic dynamic programming  , and recommended actions are executed. The following three runs were performed in our Chinese to English CLIR experiments: 1. The RegularizerRole is played by a regularization function used to keep model complexity low and prevent over-fitting. In order to compare to DBSCAN  , we only use the number of points here since DBSCAN can only cluster points according to their spatial location. DBSCAN parameters were set to match the expected point density of the bucket surface. The matcher is random forest classifier  , which was learnt by labeling 1000 randomly chosen pairs of listings from the Biz dataset. The Pearson correlation of Ebiquity score with coreness was observed to be 0.67. On top of a standard annotation framework  , the Web Annotation Data Model WADM 6   , the qa vocabulary is defined. The Mean and STD are the average and the standard deviation of the Pearson correlation value calculated from the five trials. To enable this some training is typically needed. It is a big step for calligraphic character recognition. We applied the Ebiquity score as the only feature for coreness classification . In the next experiment  , we captured the image sequence while driving a car about 2 kilometers with a stereo camera  , as shown in Fig. Experiments on NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 English- Chinese CLIR tasks show that CLIR performance can be significantly improved based on our approach. For example  , in Figure 1suppose that another liberal news site enters the fray. As T + 0  , softmax action selection is the same as greedy action selection. 41 developed the cyclic weighted median CWM method to solve Formula 1  , which achieves the state-of-the-art image data imputation performance. For the data set of small objects  , the Random Forest outperforms the CNN. Our proposal can manifest at Web scale and is suitable for every PIM system or catalog management software that can create BMEcat XML product data  , which holds for about 82% of all of such software systems that we are aware of  , as surveyed in 17. Table 5shows the ten most relevant records in the " game theory " topic. Thus  , in all of the experiments  , our approaches include R-LTR- NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec . However  , despite its impressive performance Flat-COTE has certain deficiencies. Table lsummerizes the results. Avatar assistant robot  , which can be controlled remotely by a native teacher  , animates the 3D face model with facial expression and lib-sync for remote user's voice. Hierarchical procedures can be either agglomerative or divisive . Note t h a t G is approximately equal t o the unity matrix for the frequencies within its bandwidth. We now have a better idea about the distribution of the output; this reduction of uncertainty has given us information. The measured total time for a run includes everything from query optimization until the result set is fully traversed  , but the decoding of the results is not forced. Pearson and Kendall-τ correlation are used to measure the correlation of a query subset vectorˆMΦvectorˆ vectorˆMΦ  , and corresponding vector M   , calculated using the full set of 249 queries. One popular approach to improving accuracy by exploiting large datasets is to use unsupervised methods to create word features  , or to download word features that have already been produced Turian et al. The RBMs are stacked on top of each other to constitute a deep architecture. Safety values enable 11s to compare the effect of each safety strategy on the same scale and to optimize the design and control of hmnancare robots. While hyProximity scores best considering the general relevance of suggestions in isolation  , Random Indexing scores best in terms of unexpectedness. Out of the original 50 queries  , 43 have results from DBpedia. Thus  , we use an optimization method based on the downhill simplex method 9  , which is a kind of direct search method. Game theory assumes that the players of a game will pursue a rational strategy. 5 21. We generated AR 1 time-series of length 256. Data augmentation  , in our context  , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. Figure 10shows the trajectory of mouse movements made by a sample user who is geographicallyrefining a query for ski. The problem here is determining how good the imputation model is for a candidate point  , when the true global values for this point are not known. By fitting a model to the generated time-series the AR coefficients were estimated. They are more suitable for real-time control in a sensor-based control environment. Thus although we anticipate that our qualitative results will prove robust to our specific modeling assumptions  , the relationship between model complexity and best-case predictive performance remains an interesting open question. To solve the problem  , we propose a new probabilistic retrieval method  , Translation model  , Specifications Generation model  , and Review and Specifications Generation model  , as well as standard summarization model MEAD  , its modified version MEAD-SIM  , and standard ad-hoc retrieval method. The products in the BSH catalog were classified according to eCl@ss 6.1  , whereas Weidmüller provide their own proprietary catalog group system. Their approach combines a retrieval model with the methods for spreading activation over the link structure of a knowledge graph and evaluation of membership in semantic sets. However  , they all have the scalability problem mentioned above. The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. For illustration purpose a sample optimization was demonstrated. A likelihood function is constructed assuming a parameter set  , generating a pdf for each sample based on those parameters  , then multiplying all these pdf's together. We train the three models by maximizing the log-likelihood of the data. Some common or often proposed initial transformations are: lookalike transformations  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , case folding  , word stemming  , stop words list  , feature selection 3. For a single query session  , the likelihood pC|α is computed by integrating out the Ri with uniform priors and the examination variables Ei. Theoretical lower bounds for LSH have also been studied 21  , 1. There has been a lot of work in multi-query optimization for MV advisors and rewrite. where η is the probability weight that a word wi in C t is generated from the general background model. This ensures that the child keeps being challenged which is an important factor in both intelligent tutoring systems 17 and game theory 6. b Matched loop segments will be included in LBA as breadth-first search will active the keyframes. The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. For inference 17 use Variational EM. Weston et al 30 propose a joint word-image embedding model to find annotations for images. We define the speed-upfuctor as the ratio of the cost of DBSCAN applied to the database after all insertions and deletions and the cost of m calls of IncrementalDBSCAN once for each of the insertions resp. A second operator considered within the system is the Fast Fourier Transform FFT. However  , the number of iterations until convergence can be large. The data element ARTICLE_PRICE_DETAILS can be used multiple with disjunctive intervals. To explore the practicality of this approach  , we have implemented it and conducted an experimental study. On Restaurants  , for example  , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. Finally  , I would like to thank Tuomas Lamminpää  , Kai Koskimies and Ilkka Haikala for giving solid contribution by reviewing this paper several times. BMEcat allows to specify products using vendor-specific catalog groups and features  , or to refer to classification systems with externally defined categories and features. Furthermore   , we developed a mix of six tSPARQL queries. Using the sample of EANs  , we then looked up the number of vendors that offer the products by entering the EAN in the search boxes on Amazon.de  , Google Shopping Germany  , and the German comparison shopping site preissuchmaschine.de 16 . In order to link catalog groups and products  , BMEcat maps group identifiers with product identifiers using PROD- UCT TO CATALOGGROUP MAP. These variants can also be solved by dynamic programming. the probabilistic model offers justification for various methods that had previously been used in automatic retrieval environments on an empirical basis. This significantly limits its application to many real-world image retrieval tasks 40  , 18  , where images are often analyzed by a variety of feature descriptors and are measured by a wide class of diverse similarity functions. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from data TransC i  for all the individual customer models and compare its performance with the performance of function 1 estimated from the transactional data for the whole customer base. Subsequent optimization steps then work on smaller subsets of the data Below  , we briefly discuss the CGLS and Line search procedures. Our approach constructs an item group based pairwise preference for the specific ranking relations of items and combine it with item based pairwise preference to formalise a novel framework PRIGPPersonalized Ranking with Item Group based Pairwise preference learning . The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. Since it is hard to pick up the signals during contact phase  , we cannot use the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT technique which converts the signal from time-domain to frequencydomain . Game-theory representations have been used to formally represent and reason about a number of interactive games 13. Similar to the works described in this paper  , a Self-Organizing Map is used to cluster the resulting feature vectors. Equation 1 8 shows a twodimensional example for choice of D  s l where m l and m2  , representing the apparent masses in various directions  , are the designers choice. Moreover   , pignistic Shannon entropy is computed based on the derived crisp evidence structure. However   , the biggest difference to most methods in the second category is that Pete does not assume any panicular dishhution for the data or the error function. For parts with different push functions  , a breadth-first search planner can be used to find a sensorless plan when one exists. In our application  , the total number of MCMC iterations is chosen to be 2 ,000. As presented in Section 4.2 tSPARQL redefines the algebra of SPARQL in order to consider trust values during query execution. Furthermore  , multilanguage descriptions in BMEcat are handled properly  , namely by assigning corresponding language tags to RDF literals. The above equation gives the amount of information a term conveys in a document regardless of its semantic direction . With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. Finally  , as a result of these first two steps  , the " cleaned " database can be used as input to a Self-Organizing Map with a " proper " distance for trajectories visualization. We have used two datasets in our evaluation. Whereas LIF well supported recall  , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin  , particularly in terms of purity  , precision  , and rand index. However  , denoising autoencoders avoid these approaches by randomly corrupting the input x prior to training. These Here  , σ is the sigmoid function that has an output in 0  , 1  , tanh denotes the hyperbolic tangent function that has an output in −1  , 1   , and denotes the component-wise multiplication . Hypothesis 1 -Tweeters with higher diversity have higher brokerage opportunities. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH. Hence  , the input sentence matrix is augmented with an additional set of rows from the word type embeddings . In addition  , they offer more flexibility for modeling practical scenarios where the data is very sparse. The cases differ by the time required  , the people participating the workshops and the techniques used in the workshops. , number of extra hash buckets to check  , for the multiprobe LSH method and the entropy-based LSH method. l. Since the bed model was representable  , this indicates a failure in the MCMC estimator. Simple Semantic Association queries between two entities result in hundreds of results and understanding the relevance of these associations requires comparable intellectual effort to understanding the relevance of a document in response to keyword queries. Then we compare the product models obtained from one of the BMEcat catalogs with products collected from Web shops through a focused Web crawl. Although both multi-probe and entropy-based methods visit multiple buckets for each hash table  , they are very different in terms of how they probe multiple buckets. In order to use support vector machine  , kernel function should be defined. This paper focuses on comparing the basic  , entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods in the case that the index data structure fits in main memory. This is illustrated in Figure 3. The final 3D configuration is achieved by folding the right hand side shown in Fig. Philanthropies  , universities  , militaries and other important institutions do not take market value as a metric. In this section  , we demonstrate the performance of the Exa-Q architecture in a navigation task shown in Fig.36Table 1shows the number of steps when the agent first derives an optimal path by the greedy policy for &-learning  , Dyna-Q architecture and Exa-Q architec- ture. The carry-over optimization can yield substantial reductionq in the number of lock requests per transaction . However  , we found it difficult in many cases with dynamic leak detection to identify the programming errors associated with dynamic leak warnings. This dynamic programming gives O|s| 2  running time solution. The people who would traditionally participate the inspections are the people who will participate the RaPiD7 workshops  , too. Note that because the Q function learns the value of performing actions  , Q-learning implicitly builds a model. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple  , step-wise sequence. APEQ uses Graph traversal technique to determine the main entity by graph exploration. Recently  , many studies have attempted to improve upon the regular LSH technique. This approach assumes a competitive game that ensures safety by computing the worst case strategies for the pursuer and evader. The combination of Q-learning and DYNA gave the best results. Yet  , selecting data which most likely results in zero loss  , thus zero gradients  , simply slows down the optimization convergence. Each single user  , and each community of users  , can dynamically activate its own/shared working space. It is also expected as a result that the use of structured data in terms of the GoodRelations vocabulary by manufacturers and online retailers will bring additional benefits derived from being part of the Web of Data  , such as Search Engine Optimization SEO in the form of rich snippets 4   , or the possibility of better articulating the value proposition of products on the Web. The first column contains the collection names from ten university libraries. Make a planning according t o the planning procedureFig.1. Other related recent works include the use of game theory for conflict resolution in air traffic management 4.    , where the circled elements are added by the imputation strategy . The inferences are exclusive and involve different meanings . Test II: Combined Models. Stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization . D is the maximum vertical deviation as computed by the KS test. Next we give details of how deep learning techniques such as convolution and stacking can be used to obtain hierarchical representations of the different modalities. Not only are these extra joins expensive  , but because the complexity of query optimization is exponential in the amount of joins  , SPARQL query optimization is much more complex than SQL query optimization. b Self-Organizing Map computed for trajectory-oriented data 20. However  , on QALD-2  , whose queries are questions such as 'Who created Wikipedia'  , simple text similarity features are not as strong. However  , the LZ method shows a more intense correlation since our model has considered the conditional situations. In particular  , it has been possible to: -simply organize the different user communities  , allowing for the different access rights. Similarly  , we define the probability of observing the document dm given the sentences present in it as follows. However  , when in the collapsed state  , clicking the fold marker will only expand one level of folding i.e. Even if you could hire only " good developers "   , as Ambler suggests for effective formation of an agile modeling team  , in a large company these good developers will still have different backgrounds and knowledge base. , to reduce the probability of deadlock and sometimes even sacrifice data consistency to avoid performance problems. We discovered that CLARANS is approximately 15 times faster in our configuration than in the configuration specified in Est96 for all data sizes. Overall  , social media-based methods i.e. In response to a query  , each of the three indices returns zero or more results. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function  , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. Also shown is the line of best least-squares fit. The method successfully recovers the behavior of the simulator. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. where the measurements {Ri  , z ;} are assumed to be independent given the object state Xt. In addition  , applications that use these services do not have the ability to pick and choose optional features  , though new optimization techniques may remove unused code from the application after the fact 35. In contrast  , our double dynamic programming technique Section 2 can be directly applied to arbitrary unrooted  , undirected trees. The results show that the multi-probe LSH method is significantly more space efficient than the basic LSH method. gr:condition and references to external product classification standards. Our work however differs from their method in several aspects. As shown in Fig. The term discrimination model has been criticised because it does not exhibit well substantiated theoretical properties. The global R 2 FP is compared with spatial pyramid pooling SPP. Therefore  , to estimate the novelty of the information provided by each trail source  , we first had to construct a model of each user's general interest in the query topic based on historic data. One challenge with operationalizing use diffusion in a computational method is modeling variety in a way that is application independent; we chose to use Shannon entropy 21  , a mathematical construct from information theory  , to model variety. Our results have practical implications to search engine companies. In order to realize the personal fitting functions  , a surface model is adopted. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . 4  , stochastic gradient descent SGD is further applied for better efficiency 17  , and the iteration formulations are To solve Eqn. Segmentation of the gait cycle based on the lib-terrain interaction isolates portions of the gait bounce signal with high information content. The architecture should readily lend itself to query optimization. The second probabilistic model goes a step further and takes into account the content similarities among passages. Recently this approach has resulted in tremendous advances in the quality of play in information imperfect games such as poker 6. As shown in Table 1  , the ranking of the engines is nearly identical for each directory  , having a .93 Pearson correlation. Use of the alignments for CLIR gives excellent results  , proving their value for realworld applications. Breaking the Optimization Task. 1633-2008 for a fitting software reliability growth model. For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods. 3 These judgements were analysed with the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test KS test to determine whether two given samples follow the same distribution 15. For example  , in our current semantic test-bed developed for open access and use by the Semantic Web research community  , SWETO 3 Semantic Web Technology Evaluation Ontology detailed in 2  , there are over 800 ,000 entities and 1.5 million explicit relationships among them. Together with the self-learning knowledge base  , NRE makes a deep injection possible. The Mirror DBMS uses the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval Hie99  , HK99. In this paper  , we propose to use the BMEcat XML standard as the starting point to make highly structured product feature data available on the Web of Data. However given the same set of web-based information  , the Human Interest Model consistently outperforms the soft-pattern model for all four entity types. The experimental results in Table 5show that exploiting the emergent relational schema even in this very preliminary implementation already improves the performance of Virtuoso on a number of BSBM Explore queries by up to a factor of 5.8 Q3  , Hot run. This makes using methods developed for automatic machine translation problematic. Second one  , numerically calculate the derivative using the finite difference method. Multi-query optimization is a technique working at query compilation phase. This last point is important since typically search engine builders wish to keep their scoring function secret because it is one of the things that differentiates them from other sources. Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. Similar to the balanced Random Forest 7  , EasyEnsemble generates T balanced sub-problems. Q-value rate means percent of the number of rules in which Q-values are gotten to the number of all the rules in the environment. We need to investigate why longer Ad-Hoc queries in our system do not yield good retrieval effectiveness results. In the area of indexing and retrieval  , Bast et al. In order to avoid bias towards any particular scoring mechanism  , we compare sentence quality later in the paper using the individual components of the score  , rather than an arbitrary combination of the components. Then we do breadth first search from the virtual node. This method consists of a hierarchical search for the best path in a tessellated space  , which is used as the initial conditions for a local path optimization to yield the global optimal path. PLSA did a poor job with the smaller yeast data  , whereas PLSA results with human data are quite interesting. To form a base-line set of top documents  , we collected the top 20 results for 5000 queries from a commercial search engine . Therefore  , due to the scale of datasets and slightly different focus of tasks  , we did not evaluate our techniques on the QALD benchmarks  , but intend to explore it in the future. All runs are compared to pLSA. As the optimization time varies greatly with the query size  , all performance numbers are given relative to DPccp  , e.g. As discussed  , the LIB quantity is similar in spirit to IDF inverse document frequency whereas LIF can be seen as a means to normalize TF term frequency. It separately extracts subtopics from ODP as described in Section 2.1 and from documents using PLSA 6. In all commercial systems  , the DMP is set " statically "   , that is  , when the system is started up and configured according to the administrator's specification. The click probability cr is computed as in the RNN configuration Eq. saving all the required random edge-sets together during a single scan over the edges of the web graph. 8 As explained before  , our intention is to assess data set quality instead of SPARQL syntax. semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. Continued growth depends on understanding the creative motivations and challenges inherent in this industry  , but the lack of collections focused on game development documentation is stifling academic progress. Game theory has also been used as a means for controlling a robot 5  , 7. The Clarke-Tax mechanism is appealing for several reasons . Game theory has been the dominant approach for formally representing strategic inter‐ action for more than 80 years 3. We proposed a new Word Embedding-based topic coherence metric  , and instantiated it using 8 different WE models. However  , accurately estimating these probabilities is difficult for generative probabilistic language modeling techniques. Support vector machine is a model of binary classifier 6. We will deal with these cycles in the next step. We compared SPARQL2NL with SPARTIQULATION on a random sample of 20 queries retrieved from the QALD-2 benchmark within a blind survey: We asked two SPARQL experts to evaluate the adequacy and fluency of the verbalizations achieved by the two approaches. All t-SNE projections contain a large number of clusters of different density and size that group vector states by their similarities in the vector state space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . In addition to the manufacturer BMEcat files  , we took a real dataset obtained from a focused crawl whereby we collected product data from 2629 shops. The most popular variants are the Pearson correlation or cosine measure. We propose the DL2R system based on three novel insights: 1 the integration of multidimension of ranking evidences  , 2 context-based query reformulations with ranked lists fusion  , and 3 deep learning framework for the conversational task. Finally  , the most complex query Show me all songs from Bruce Springsteen released between 1980 and 1990 contains a date range constraint and was found too hard to answer by all systems evaluated in the QALD evaluation 5. Overall  , we find that there is only a weak correlation 0.157 between snippet viewing time and relevance. Since each Ik has an upper bound i.e. TL-PLSA seems particularly effective for multiclass text classification tasks with a large number of classes more than 100 and few documents per class. Related to the heterogeneity of information integration are open questions about the transactional semantics of operations across federated data sources  , synchronized backup and recovery  , a uniform privacy and security model across a multitude of systems  , as well as general query and operational performance aspects in the presence of huge data volumes and increasing numbers of data sources. Moreover  , DBSCAN requires a human participant to determine the global parameter Eps. The Shannon Entropy  , H n is defined as: An important advantage of the statistical modeling approach is the ability to analyze the predictive value of features that are being considered for inclusion in the ranking scheme. For English-Chinese CLIR  , we accumulated search topics from TREC-5 and TREC-6  , which used the same Chinese document collection. By the language of model selection  , it is to select a model best fitting the given corpus and having good capability of generality. Finally  , the time complexity of IMRank is OnT dmax log dmax  , where T is the number of iterations IMRank takes before convergence. The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero  , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. We executed ten runs of each LUBM query and in the diagrams report both the average and geometric mean over the fastest runs. Figure 1 illustrates the complete encoderdecoder model. At high temperatures most moves are accepted and the simplex roams freely over the search space. DBSCAN makes use of an R* tree to achieve good performance. The deviance is a comparative statistic. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q outperforms NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood by a small but statistically significant margin p < 0.001. We used Random Indexing 6  to build distributional semantic representations i.e. Tague and Nelson 16 validated whether the performance of their generated queries was similar to real queries across the points of the precision-recall graph using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS Test. Second  , we address the limitation of KLSH. The objective of SG++ is to further incorporate negation. To calculate the failure probabilities of the subsystems  , we searched the IEEE Std. The above measure of pD depends on our knowledge of the relevance probability of every document in the set to the query. The controller is based on the real-time dynamic programming technique of Barto  , Bradtke & Singh 1994 . In all cases  , the multi-probe LSH method has similar query time to the basic LSH method. BSBM supposes a realistic web application where the users can browse products and reviews. In computational biology  , one of the most impor­ tant outstanding problems is protein folding  , i.e. the selected documents in Sr−1  , as defined in Equation 4  , and S0 is an empty set. For most of them  , the Random forest based classifiers perform similar to CNNbased classifiers  , especially for low false positive rates. Typically  , authoring a document takes less than a week in calendar time. For check-in behavior  , the time-ordered check-in history of an individual corresponds to her action sequence in our general model. The original query is transformed into syntactically different  , but semantically equivalent t queries  , which may possibly yield a more efficient execution planS. Based on the assumptions defined above  , in this section we propose a Two-Dimensional Click Model TDCM to explain the observed clicks. 20 perform a comprehensive simulation study to evaluate three MDTs in the context of software cost modelling. cross-language performance is 87.94% of the monolingual performance. I. Node generation. The multitask case was thought to be more demanding because more obstacles and paths must be accommodated using the same  , limited parameter space that was used individual task optimization  , meaning that the number of well fit solutions should decrease markedly. For example  , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. On the other hand  , LSTM-based methods LSTM-only and LSTM-DSSM failed to outperform  the DSSM model  , which indicates that ignoring the longterm user interests may not lead to optimal performance. Each log likelihood function relies on one set of parameters. At the meta-broker end  , we believe that our results can also be helpful in the design of the target scoring function  , and in distinguishing cases where merging results is meaningful and cases where it is not. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. We identify this noise elements by high frequency and low-power spectrum in the frequenc domain transformed by the fast Fourier transform YFFT. The CNN structure used in this paper is illustrated in Fig. The results presented in this paper show that MRD-based CLIR queries perform almost as well as monolingual queries  , if domain specific MRD is used together with general MRD and queries are structured on the basis of the output of dictionaries . Q-learning estimates the optimal Q * function from empirical data. There are two deficiencies in the fixed focal length model. Thus solving the graph search problem in , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. cannot degrade retrieval effectiveness to a given rank K – and use docid sorted posting lists  , as deployed by at least one major search engine 12. In addition  , MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 11  , item taxonomy 9 and attributes 1  , social relations 8  , and 3-way interactions 21. Since the design and folding steps are automated  , these steps were finished in less than 7 minutes Tab. Locality-based methods group objects based on local relationships. CLIR is characterized by differences in query and document language 3. These models are based on basic thermodynamic theory and curve fitting of data from experiments. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects  , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. But theories of evolutionary learning or individual learning do. For fair comparison  , all the methods are conducted on the same convolved feature maps learned by a single-hidden-layer sparse autoencoder with a KL sparse constraint. Furtlierinore  , we may assiinie that the adjacent frequency bins H  , That is  , each component of the transfer function is corrected by where 1 = 1  , ..   , N   , the forgetting factor A  , satibfies 0 < A  , 5 1  , and P  , is tlie covariance matrix. In all  , we collected and analyzed 225 responses from a total of 10 different judges. An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents  , 7 steps. The main difference to the standard classification problem Eq. We can easily construct a MCMC sampler so that its stationary distribution is equal to the posterior distribution of model parameters given data and prior distribution of parameters. The whole transition matrix is then written as follows: However  , best-first search also has some problems. Relevance is determined by the underlying text search engine based on the common scoring metric of term frequency inverse document frequency. The main advantages of DBSCAN are that it does not require the number of desired clusters as an input  , and it explicitly identifies outliers. Most data visualizations  , or other uses of audio data begin by calculating a discrete Fourier transform by means of a Fast Fourier Transform. In this paper we will use the GIST descriptor to represent a calligraphic character image. The obtained transfer function matrix is given by: To identify the unknown parameters  , we use an autoregressive moving average with exogeneous model ARMAX. We may justify why dynamic programming is the right choice for small-space computation by comparing dynamic programming to power iteration over the graph of Fig. To determine the statistical significance of the Pearson correlation coefficient r  , the p − value has been used in this work. Fig- ure 3 and at all ranks Figure 4. Hence  , how to develop an effective imputation approach according to the characteristics of effort data is an important research topic. Consider a dimension incomplete data object X obs . The two state vectors are concatenated to represent the meaning of the t-th word in the sentence  , i.e. As seen in Figure 2   , both probabilistic methods  , i.e. At the Q-learning  , the penalty that has negative value is employed . These interactions are the estimated essential interactions. This behavior is quite similar to stochastic gradient descent method and is empirically acceptable. Although they do not remember their starting point  , our model limits the number of transitions to keep them in the vicinity Note that " Raw " means k-NN search based on vectors w BW and w W C . Specify individual optimization rules. By limiting the complexity of the model  , we discourage over-fitting. The result obtained is presented in Table 4. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. Query Optimization: The optimization of an SQL query uses cost-based techniques to search for a cheap evaluation plan from a large space of options. FE-NN1 is based on the standard Demspter's rule and the true pignistic Shannon entropy. Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd  , thus  , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. Therefore  , we cannot draw a firm conclusion about the retrieval advantage of probabilistic CLIR without further study. We calculate these metrics for both the fitted model and the actual data  , and compare the results. Sheridan et al. Table I also presents some key configurations of the autoencoder . " As more releases are completed  , predictive models for the other categories of releases can be developed. ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig. The bi-directional LSTM has 128 hidden units for each dimension ; CNN is 256 dimensional with a window size of 3. An obvious method in question answering QA for assessing the relevance of candidate answer sentences is by considering their underlying event structures  , i.e. The 2-fold procedure enables to have enough queries ~55 in both the train and test sets so as to compute Pearson correlation in a robust manner. A self-folding sheet is defined as a crease pattern composed of cuts and folding edges hinges as shown in Fig 3. A shape memory polymer SMP actuator is located along each folding edge of the sheet  , and its fold angle is encoded by the geometry of the rigid material located at the edge. Finally  , we evaluate the relevance of identified semantic sets to a given query and rank the members of semantic sets accordingly. The BSBM benchmark 5  focuses on the e-commerce domain and provides a data generation tool and a set of twelve SPARQL queries together with their corresponding SQL queries generated by hand. , BK89  , CCY94  , KM92. Based on inspection from results in Fig. First  , we integrate the likelihood function 25 over Θ to derive a marginal likelihood function only conditioned on the intent bias: Let's examine this updating procedure in more detail. Conversely  , we consider the case where once a node is inoculated  , it can inoculate more people by virally spreading the " good " information . If just looking at the values of AUC  , WNB-G-HC has higher values of AUC than WNB-HC in 7 datasets. After fitting this model  , we use the parameters associated with each article to estimate it's quality. These machine learning methods usually learn much more compact codes than LSH since they are more complicated. The other feature we try to simulate for social robots is the ability to find the regions with most information. Shannon adopted the same log measure when he established the average information-transmitting capacity of a discrete channel  , which he called the entropy  , by analogy with formulae in thermodynamics. Many researchers recognize that even exams tend to evaluate surface learning   , and that deep learning is not something that would surface until long after a course has finished 5 . However  , this requires that the environment appropriately associate branch counts and other information with the source or that all experiments that yield that information be redone each time the source changes. In order to address these concerns  , we propose to represent contexts of entities in documents using word embeddings. The primary contribution of this work is increased understanding of effectiveness measures based on explicit user models. With weight parameters  , these can be integrated into one distribution over documents  , e.g. As a result of this transformation we now have equi-distant data samples in each frequency band. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. In particular  , the list of ISs and generic information about them  , such as their name  , a brief textual description of their content  , etc. Evaluation of the scoring mechanisms understanding why appropriate sentences received lower scores than higher ranked sentences and understanding the contribution of the individual mechanisms will also likely lead to improvements. Compared to other caching techniques in the semantic web  , the LDF cache results of a triple pattern  , increasing their usefulness for other queries  , i.e  , the probability of a cache hit is higher than the caching of a SPARQL query results. We will give a brief summary of the random forest c1assifier. Although breadth-first search crawling seems to be a very natural crawling strategy  , not all of the crawlers we are familiar with employ it. The weights tried were: w = 1 no upweighting  , w = 5  , and w = 6. Otherwise  , the resulting plans may yield erroneous results. For example  , recent work has shown that there are deep connections between modularity in design and the value of real options--capital analogs of financial options. One of the ways in which object-oriented programming helps us to do more  , to cope with the everincreasing variety of objects that our programs are asked to manipulate  , is by encouraging the programmer to provide diverse objects with uniform protocol. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. In this paper  , we have introduced a novel pooling method R 2 FP  , together with its local and global versions  , for extracting features from feature maps learned through a sparse autoencoder. The paper is arranged as follows. Tabels 1 and 2 show that the breadth first search is exhaustive it finds solutions with one step fewer re- grasps. RUN1: To provide a baseline for our CLIR results  , we used BableFish to " manually " translate each Chinese query. A SAE model is a series of autoencoder. Neither pattern is a true depth-first or breadthfirst search pattern. Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: The term multi-rate indicates the capability of our model which is able to capture user interests at different granularity  , so that temporal dynamics at different rates can be effectively and jointly optimized. Accurate effort prediction is a challenge in software engineering. Students and professionals were treated separately. The raw audio framebuffer is a collection e.g. Apriori first finds all frequent itemsets of size § before finding frequent itemsets of size § ¦ . CLIR performance observed for this query set. However  , PowerAqua is outperformed by TBSL see below in terms of accuracy w.r.t. There are three blocks or categories: digitized value: Dig  , digitized and born-digital value: Dig  , B-d  , and born-digital value: B-d. These results are very promising and indicate that  , by using sipIIsl  , parametric query optimization can be efficiently supported in current systems. a join order optimization of triple patterns performed before query evaluation. Our approach is independent of stemmers  , part of speech taggers and parsers. This query is shown in Figure 7. Deep learning structures are well formulated to describe instinct semantic representations. Lucene's scoring function was modified to include better document length normalization  , and a better term-weight setting following to the SMART model. Very little work has examined the use of game theory as a means for controlling a robot's interactive behavior with a human. Thus the approximated objective function is: To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. The KS test is slightly more powerful than the Mann-Whitney's U test in the sense that it cares only about the relative distribution of the data and the result does not change due to transformations applied to the data. The optimization problem presented in Section II is strongly limited by local mimima see Section IV-B for examples. Implementing these context variants allowed us to systematically evaluate the effectiveness of different sources of context for user interest modeling. , vectors of terms from a large corpus of Mayo Clinic clinical notes. The dataset has a slight bias towards long-tail shops. First  , we describe its overall structure Sec. The first and simplest level is trying RaPiD7 out according to the general idea of RaPiD7. Here we propose to learn the affirmative and negated word embedding simultaneously .  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. 6 analyzed the potential of page authority by fitting an exponential model of page authority. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. We have thus demonstrated how the Kolmogorov- Smirnov Test may be used in identifying the proportion of features which are significantly different within two data samples. When v1 is selected as a seed  , it is possible that it activates v3 and then v3 as an intermediate agent activates v2. The crawling was executed via a distributed breadth first search. So far  , several different similarity measures have been used  , such as Pearson correlation  , Spearman correlation  , and vector similarity. Related problems have been considered in dynamic game theory  , graph theory  , computational geometry  , and robotics. In this paper  , we presented HAWK  , the first hybrid QA system for the Web of Data. Good object-oriented programGing relies on dynamic binding for structuring a program flow of control -00 programming has even been nicknamed " case-less programming " . Our formula search engine is an integral part of Chem X Seer  , a digital library for chemistry and embeds the formula search into document search by query rewrite and expansion Figure 1. Thus the extra space required for the agglomerative step is Og # r . Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. First it is to be stated that from the view of price modeling BMEcat catalogs have a three-stage document structure: 1 The document header HEADER can be used for setting defaults for currency and territory  , naming the buyer and giving references to relevant In the example header we set the default currency  , name the buyer and refer to an underlying agreement with a temporal validity: If we look at the transformations  , we see different transformation types. Large η vales may lead to serious over-fitting. In game theory  , Nash equilibrium is a solution concept to characterize a class of equilibrium strategies a game with multiple players will likely reach 23. In literature  , multi-view learning is a well-studied area which learns from data that do not share common feature space 27. ICTNETVS06 uses Random Forest text classification model  , the result is the sum of voting. In our case  , we use a random sample of tweets crawled from a different time period to train our word embedding vectors. Please note in all of the experiments  , PAMM-NTN was configured to direct optimize the evaluation measure of α-NDCG@20. The more correlated each tree is  , the higher the error rate becomes. Our method does not require any labeled training data. Figure 6  , we visualize the geographic distributions of two weather topics over the US states. A sensory perception controller SPC using stochastic dynamic programming has been developed. Section 3 presents the functionality of the CS and provides a logical description of its internal architecture . In our experiments we insist that each response contains all selectors  , and use Lucene's OR over other question words. Also remember that the training period is 2011-2012 while the rest two seasons are both for testing. We therefore experimented with word clusters that are induced from embedded word vectors. , museums  , landmarks  , and galleries. The judges were asked to read each post and then check the boxes next to tags they thought were appropriate for the post. If there are still mul­ tiple connected components in the roadmap after this stage other techniques will be applied to try to connect different connected components see 2 for details. Each segment  , the entire interval when the sensor is in contact with the object  , is transferred to the frequency domain using Fast Fourier Transform. Abnormal aging and fault will result in deviations with respect to normal conditions. Case-by-case means that the written permission is examined on case-by-case basis and N/A means that it is not applicable. On the 99-node cluster  , indexing time for the first English segment of the ClueWeb09 collection ∼50 million pages was 145 minutes averaged over three trials; the fastest and slowest running times differed by less than 10 minutes. Who produced the most films ? These results show that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns the concept of distance to the previous click  , although this information is not explicitly provided in the document representation. We explore tag-tag semantic relevance in a tag-specific manner. This shows stronger learning and generalization abilities of deep learning than the hand-crafted features. A full list of 26 questions  , 150 questions from WebQuestions  , and 100 questions from QALD could be found on our website. We lean towards the latter explanation  , and with this work we hope to provide a framework within which to test it. In his 1968 letter  , Dijkstra noted that the programmer manipulates source code as a way to achieve a desired change in the program's behaviour; that is  , the executions of the program are what is germane  , and the source code is an indirect vehicle for achieving those behaviours. First comparative experiments only focused on the querytranslation model. Dijkstra's point was important then and no less significant now. Maximizing the likelihood function is equivalent to maximizing the logarithm of the likelihood function  , so In order to get a smooth output and the less settling time  , we consider that the transfer functions matrix relative to the designed output is given by: The objective of this method is to calculate the closed loop transfer function matrix which minimise the integral squared error between the output of the robotic subsystem and a desired output @d. Of course  , the controller depends on the desired output. and optimized weighted Pearson correlation. For any manlpulator  , wlth any type of posrtlonlng controller  , one can always arrlve at lnequallty * Is imposed on the robot end-point. Furthermore  , since NST@Self actually measures an individual's aspiration for variety  , we compared two model-free methods widely adopted in information theory: shannon 37  , which calculates the conditional entropy. We performed three official automatic CLIR runs and 29 post-hoc automatic CLIR runs. It is straightforward to include other variables  , such as pernode and common additive biases. But when thinking further  , it is not difficult to explain the result as KLSH-best only explores a single kernel  , while KLSH-Uniform jointly exploits multiple kernels . Fast Fourier Transform. The rules with extensional predicates can be handled very naturally in our framework. Given the word embeddings  , this task is solved by finding the word d * whose embedding is closest to the vector u b − ua + uc in terms of cosine proximity  , i.e. The LSTM transition functions are defined as follows: These gates collectively decide the transitions of the current memory cell ct and the current hidden state ht. We would like to develop a formal basis for query optimization for data models which are based on bags. P Shot i  = constant. Effectiveness in these notional applications is modeled by the task metrics. I use WebScope Yahoo! The survival random forest based model not only slightly outperforms all the other competing model including a suite of classification random forest but  , more importantly  , it allows to compute the survival at di↵erent thresholds. On both text sets  , OTM outperforms LSA  , PLSA  , LapPLSA in terms of classification accuracies due to the orthogonality of the topics. Due to space constraints  , we refer the reader to 12 for further details. , products  , vendors  , offers  , reviews  , etc. To overcome the problem of data sparsity  , earlier systems rely on imputation to fill in missing ratings and to make the rating matrix dense 28. Allamanis and Sutton 3 trains n-gram language model a giga-token source code corpus. In particular  , the information about a click on the previous document is particularly important. This approach is similar in nature t o model-predictive-control MPC. ; the maximal number of states between the initial state and another state when traversing the TS in breadth-first search BFS height; the number of transitions starting from a state and ending in another state with a lower level when traversing the TS in breadth-first search Back lvl tr. The BSBM benchmark 1 is built around an e-commerce use case  , and its data generator supports the creation of arbitrarily large datasets using the number of products as scale factor. are in fact simple examples demonstrating the use of the system-under-test. Interestingly  , Figure 5bshows that the subspaces of the vector states sr for r > 1 consist of more than one dense clusters see  , e.g. The SP 2 Bench and BSBM were not considered for our RDF fulltext benchmark simply due to the fact of their very recent publication. This simple method worked out well in our experiments. This is because not all these 14 runs are included in the 23 runs; and each run may execute a different set of statements and therefore may take a different amount of time. Xu and Weischedel 19 estimated an upper bound on CLIR performance. As mentioned earlier  , since these URLs  , e.g. For each run of DBSCAN on the biological data sets  , we chose the parameters according to 5 using a k-nn-distance graph. 4 GoodRelations-specific compliance tests 14 to spot data model inconsistencies. The vibration modes of the flexible beam are identified by the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , and illustrated in Fig. semantic integrity constraints and functional dependencies  , for optimization. Thus  , vector representations of words appearing in similar contexts will be close to each other. Dynamic programming is a method for optimization which determines the optimal path through a grid. Prediction quality measured using Pearson correlation serves as the optimization criterion in the learning phase. The incrementing of document scores in this way is ba.sed on a probabilistic model of retrieval described in Croft's paper. We present a probabilistic model for the retrieval of multimodal documents. Finally  , comparing the different reaulta for 11 and A1 in table -4  , it can be aeen that indexing A1 provides better retrieval results than 11. weight 0 random ord. As CL-EM is known to be unstable 14   , we smooth the parameters at each iteration t. More specifically  , we estimate It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference. , OWL2DL. This evaluation can only be performed for the probabilistic annotation model  , because the direct retrieval model allows us only to estimate feature distributions for individual word images  , not page images. However  , agile modeling does not provide a cookbook type of approach for authoring documents  , as RaPiD7 does. This paper has presented a binary paradigm in robotics and has developed one method for solving the problem of optimal design for pick-and-place tasks. , SH and AGH  , we randomly sample 3000 data points as the training set; for the point-wise supervised method SSH  , we additionally sample 1000 data points with their concept labels; for the list-wise supervised methods i.e. For example  , SEIR still can achieve a Pearson correlation around 0.6 while the lead time is 20 weeks. Furthermore  , JAD sessions are always somewhat formal  , whereas RaPiD7 sessions vary in formality depending on the case. Any truly holistic query optimization approach compromises the extensibility of the system. The topics to generate terms are local topics   , which are derived from global topics. It does not require to know the transition probabilities P . While this approach is not applicable to all software architectures  , it can yield benefits when applied to static systems  , and to static aspects of dynamic systems. In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results  , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. Therefore  , it seems appropriate to use Spearman's rank correlation coefficient 11 to measure the correlation between weighted citations and renewal stage. The CYCLADES system is now available 5 and the SCHOLNET access address will be published soon on the OpenDLib web site 6 . In this approach  , the first step is computing the similarities between the source user and other users. When ranking a query-document pair q  , d  , NCM LSTM QD uses behavior information from historical query sessions generated by the query q and whose SERPs contain the document d. NCM LSTM QD+Q also uses behavioral information from all historical query sessions generated by the query q  , which helps  , e.g. . where || · || 2Figure 3 : Experience fitting as a dynamic programming problem . To answer our research question " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " The steps include: Since the short-term user history is often quite sparse  , models like LSTM that has many training parameters cannot learn enough evidence from the sparse inputs. An autoencoder can also have hidden layer whose size is greater than the size of input layer. This independence can be engineered to allow parallelization of independent components across multiple computers. Our second challenge lies in fitting the models to our target graphs  , i.e. In practice it is usually easier to equivalently maximize the log-likelihood: When we are capable of building and testing a highly predictive model of user effectiveness we will be able to do cross system comparisons via a control  , but our current knowledge of user modeling is inadequate. For our folding problems  , however  , we arc interested not only in whether thew exists a path  , but we are also interested in the quality of th� path. The figures also clearly indicate that the density curve for Rel:SameReviewer is more concentrated around zero than Rel:DifferentReviewer for all three categories. Given this observation  , we are interested in the question: is regularized pLSA likely to outperform non-regularized pLSA no matter the value of K we select ? One category of research issues deals with mechanisms to exploit interactions between relational query optimization and E-ADT query optimization. while the one based on the second strategy is  The first function counts  , for all entries considered as possible duplicates  , the ones that are indeed duplicates. Further more  , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. This form of Q-learning can also be used  , as postulated by For example  , using gray level histogram  , a checker-board b/w pattern of 2x2 squares will have the same entropy as one with 4x4 squares covering an equal area although the latter contains more information. We use the formula to get the Pearson correlation between the two data sets  , Document-level TRDR performance scores are computed for each question and for both methods. Due to the limited length of this paper   , we refer readers to the project landing page hosting the open source code repository 8   , where they can find a detailed overview of all the features of the converter  , including a comprehensive user's guide. Table 1summarizes the results. The application runs from the command line. In this paper  , we assumed that the parameter values Eps and MinPts of DBSCAN do not change significantly when inserting and deleting objects. In general  , the need for rank-aware query optimization and possible approaches to supporting it is discussed in 25. By probing multiple buckets in each hash table  , the method requires far fewer hash tables than previously proposed LSH methods. These probabilities can be induced from the scoring function of the search engine. An interesting property of hierarchical feature maps is the tremendous speed-up as compared to the self-organizing map. The weather parameters are fed to the stacked autoencoder and the reduced feature space is obtained for further classification into extreme and non-extreme events. We set α = 0.025  , context window size m to 10 and size of the word embedding d to be 200 unless stated otherwise. We derive two basic quanti-ties  , namely LI Binary LIB and LI Frequency LIF  , which can be used separately or combined to represent documents. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: Alternatively   , a search engine might choose to display the top-scoring tweets in rank order regardless of time. When further integrating transfer learning to deep learning  , DL+TT  , DL+BT and DL+FT achieve better performance than the DL approach. In many CNN based text classification models  , the first step is to convert word from one-hot sparse representation to a distributed dense representation using Word Embedding . Normally the user cares "~. To establish if models such as a Zipf distribution can provide useful predictions  , in Section 4 we use metrics such as guesswork 13 and Shannon entropy. We further propose a method to optimize such a problem formulation within the standard stochastic gradient descent optimization framework. The rationale of using M codebooks instead of single codebook to approximate each input datum is to further minimize quantization error  , as the latter is shown to yield significantly lossy compression and incur evident performance drop 30  , 3. The fully connected AE is a basic form of an autoencoder. A single directional LSTM typically propagates information from the first word to the last; hence the hidden state at a certain step is dependent on its previous words only and blind of future words . Therefore  , one possibility is to compare our folding pathways with experimental results known aboul folding intermediates. The first step for the developer is to identify a few elements that could be related to the implementation of the folding feature. To compute the Pearson correlation we need to compute the variances and the covariance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ and M . First  , we discussed the overall architecture for learning of complex motions by real robotic systems. served as ranking criterion. This brings forth a need for a simple way of describing and extracting a relevant subset of information materialized views over large RDF stores. Such an approach might not fully explore the power of multiple kernels. For both the image data set and the audio data set  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables by a factor of 14 to 18. Points for which the imputed global data has higher variances are points for which the global data can be guessed with less certainty from the local data. SQL systems tend to be more efficient than triple stores  , because the latter need query plans with many self-joins – one per SPARQL triple pattern. Data Modeling: A predictive model  , capable of extracting facts from the decomposed and tagged input media  , needs to be constructed  , either manually or through automatic induction methods. Section 3 describes semantic relevance measure  , and categorization and weighting of interpretation words. In each case the coefficient is equivalent to the log-odds logp/1-p of correctness conditioned on the overlap feature assuming a given value. Investigation of Moodle's access control model revealed 31 semantic smells and 2 semantic errors  , distributed in 3 categories.  We design an efficient last-to-first allocating strategy to approximately estimate the ranking-based marginal influence spread of nodes for a given ranking  , further improving the efficiency of IMRank. Lucene then compared to Juru  , the home-brewed search engine used by the group in previous TREC conferences. Given a finite time series Xt = xt : 1 ≤ t ≤ T   , the Shannon entropy can be expressed as Hence  , in contrast with AquaLog  , which simply needs to retrieve all semantic resources which are based on a given ontology  , PowerAqua has to automatically identify the relevant semantic markup from a large and heterogeneous semantic web 2 . The control voltages of controllers for the motor and the PZT actuators are sent to the servo amplifier and the ACX amplifier  , respectively  , through a PCL-727 D/A card. Given their inherent overlap  , a mapping between the models is reasonable with some exceptions that require special attention. Under the bag-of-words assumption  , the generative probability of word w in document d is obtained through a softmax function over the vocabulary: Each document vector is trained to predict the words it contains. However  , the imputation performance of HI is unstable when the missing ratio increases. The open parameters for the forest training are the minimum cardinality of the set of training points at a leaf node  , the maximum number of feature components to sampIe at each split node and the number of trees in the forest. In this section  , we evaluate the proposed LRSRI approach for solving the effort data missing problem empirically. In this section  , we compare DIR to the informationtheoretic measures traditionally used to evaluate rule interestingness see table 1for formulas:  the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , which measures the deviation from equilibrium;  the mutual information 12  , the Theil uncertainty 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12  , which measure the deviation from independence. S is a transfer function matrix that represent the compliance Ule deal with the robustness at thls stage. Why this popular approach does not often yield the least deviation is explained by example. This is in some cases not guaranteed in the scope of object-oriented query languages 27. A model of a retrieval situation with PDEL contains two separate parts  , one epistemic model that accomodates the deterministic information about the interactions and one pure probabilistic model. The objective function in MTL Trace considers the trace-norm of matrix W for regularization. Another issue for MQ is about threshold learning. This has the effect of reducing both false positives  , i. e. useless documents that fail to fulfill the user's needs  , and false negatives  , i. e. useful documents that the system fails to deliver  , from the retrieved set. are themselves further defined in terms of pattern expressions in a text reference language which allows keywords  , positional contexts  , and simple syntactic and semantic notions. Experiments on several benchmark collections showed very strong per-formances of LIT-based term weighting schemes. Using this AXdiand the transfer function matrix Gi which we design in previous section  , the i-th follower can estimate the desired trajectory of the i-th virtual leader. These motifs co-occur together very often. This behavior can be formulated a s feh= D  s l y e where D-'sl is a diagonal transfer function matrix with all members a s second order transfer functions. We selected ten questions from WebQuestions and QALD and asked five graduate students to construct queries of the ten questions on both DBpedia and YAGO. This indicates that IMRank is efficient at solving the influence maximization problem via finding a final self-consistent ranking. 12bottom. A 3-state Viterbi decoder is first used to find the most likely sequence of states given a stream. We use the Kolmogorov- Smirnov test KS  , whose p-values are shown in the last column of Table 3. We set out to address two questions. They create their own collections by simply giving a MC that characterizes their information needs and do not provide any indication about which are the ISs that store these documents. Whereas the quasi-steady model requires fitting coefficients   , this numerical model is rigorously derived from Navier Stokes equations and does not require fitting pa-rameters.  KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels  , evaluate their mAP values on the training set  , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value. When DC thrashing occurs  , more and more transactions become blocked so that the response time of transactions increases beyond acceptable values and essentially approaches infinity. The third LS is taken from Wilensky's and Phelps article in D-Lib Magazine from July 2000 11. Although it might be difficult to get people to change their ways of doing everyday work  , typically the teams trying out RaPiD7 for some time would not give up using it. Third  , ensembles of models arise naturally in hierarchical modeling. The optimal weights of FSDM indicate increased importance of bigram matches on every query set  , especially on QALD-2. In our approach we made several important assumptions about the model of the environment. A typical approach is to map a discrete word to a dense  , low-dimensional  , real-valued vector  , called an embedding 19. In 24  , a theory of learning interactions is developed using game theory and the principle of maximum entropy; only 2 agent simulations are tested. We then consider the noncooperative game theoretic method  , in which each link update its persistent probability using its own local information. He had to use special hardware for real-time performance. 2 is minimized. For even larger datasets  , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. Inoculation has also been studied in the game theory literature. einstein relativ-ity theory "   , " tango music composers "   , " prima ballerina bolshoi theatre 1960 " ;  QALD-2: the Question Answering over Linked Data query set contains natural language questions of 4 different types: e.g. Google outputs the top results of the Google search engine. Related problems have been considered in dynamic or differential game theory  , graph theory  , and computational geometry. ~. We used Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 5 as in 16 with two datasets: 1M and 10M. The fixed keyframes are selected based on a common landmark. By averaging over the response of each tree in the forest  , the input fea ture vector is classified as either stable or not. It is shown in figure 4. For this baseline  , we first use the set of entities associated with a given question for linking of candidate properties exactly the same way as we perform grounding of cross-lingual SRL graph clusters Sect. We made use of Spearman's rho 8  , which measures the monotonic consistency between two variables   , to test whether NST@Self stays in line with modelfree methods. Program building blocks are features that use AspectJ as the underlying weaving technology . This seemed to help users produce better and more successful sketches. Similar trends are also found in individual query per- formances. During our previous experiments 13  , a bidirectional breadth first search proved to be the most efficient method in practice for finding all simple paths up to certain hop limit. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. Hence  , in certain cases  , the coverage detection capability of our method is more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method. Its calculation depends on both the imputation strategy ϕ and the distance function δ. Notice that the normalization factor that appears in Eq. c z  ⊤ for object i then the joint likelihood is Then  , k-Bisimk-Bisim ref G = k- BisimG. Dashed curves refer to the Random Forest based classifiers. Our indexing structure simply consists of l such LSH Trees  , each constructed with an independently drawn random sequence of hash functions from H. We call this collection of l trees the LSH Forest. In comparison with the entropy-based LSH method  , multi-probe LSH reduces the space requirement by a factor of 5 to 8 and uses less query time  , while achieving the same search quality. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. The basic LSH indexing method 17 only checks the buckets to which the query object is hashed and usually requires a large number of hash tables hundreds to achieve good search quality. First we illustrate the problem and its solution in the presence of hash indices or in the absence of indices on the materialized view. The results in the previous section show that our cohort modeling techniques using pre-defined features can more accurately estimate users' individual click preferences as represented via an increased number of SAT clicks than our competitive baseline method. By reducing the information space to a meaningful subset  , the collections play the role of a partitioning query as described in 10  , i. e. they define a " searchable " subset of the documents which is likely to contain the desired ones. We selected Prevayler because it was used as a case study for an aspect-oriented refactoring method by Godil  , Zhang  , and Jacobsen 1428. We omit Raw for word-sequence embedding w W S because there is no logic in comparing word-sequence vectors of two different documents. These rules were then used to predict the values of the Salary attribute in the test data. The available items are also personalized  , they are based on the behavior of the client rather than a temporal locality. For the case that only the drive factors are incomplete  , LRSRI can obtain better imputation results than other imputation methods  , which indicates the effectiveness of the low-rank recovery technique with our designed data structurization strategy. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. We generate plans that minimize worst-case length by breadth-first AND/OR search Akella  11. Mitosis is essential because  , after some training  , there can be nodes that try to single-handedly model two distinctly different clusters. The current release of the CYCLADES system does not fully exploit the potentiality of the CS since it uses the CS only as a means to construct virtual information spaces that are semantically meaningful from some community's perspective. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with single-point contact. Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios  , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought l  , 9  , lo . Now we will give some detailed discussions on the imputation strategy ϕ and the distance function δ. The novelty of the solution lies in the implementation . Section 4 concerns the data collection and fitting procedures for computation of leg model. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 13  is a promising method for approximate K- NN search. The learning rate is also fasterFig.4. We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. The most challenging aspect is the search capability of the system  , which is referred to as crosslingual information retrieval CLIR. Optimization. RQ3: Do the word embedding training heuristics improve the ranking performance  , when added to the vanilla Skip-gram model ? Although not included here  , we also evaluated those queries using D2R 0.8.1 with the –fast option enabled. Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. We tested our conversion using BMEcat files from two manufacturers  , one in the domain of high-tech electronic components Weidmüller Interface GmbH und Co. KG 9   , the other one a supplier of white goods BSH Bosch und Siemens Hausgeräte GmbH 10 . This means users have small variance on these queries  , and the search engine has done well for these queries  , while on the queries with click entropy≥2.5  , the result is disparate: both P-Click and G-Click methods make exciting performance. However  , previous work showed that English- Chinese CLIR using simple dictionary translation yields a performance lower than 60% of the monolingual performance 14. Information theory deals with assessing and defining the amount of information in a message 32 . We consider the CS we described in this paper as a first prototype of a more general " mediator infrastructure service " that can be used by the other DL services to efficiently and effectively implement a dynamic set of virtual libraries that match the user expectations upon the concrete heterogeneous information sources and services. The two most important exceptions that require special attention are historical data support and geometric modellii. The second potential function of the MRF likelihood formulation is the one between pairs of reviewers . Therefore  , we need to deal with potentially infinite number of related learning problems  , each for one of the query q ∈ Q. In general  , a better fit corresponds to a bigger LL and/or a smaller KS-distance. , " Who is the mayor of Berlin ? " The marginal likelihood is obtained by integrating out hence the term marginal  the utility function values fi  , which is given by: This means optimizing the marginal likelihood of the model with respect to the latent features and covariance hyperparameters. With this model  , we can reduce the effects of background words and learn a model which better captures words concentrating around users' collective interests. Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr After each iteration of IMRank  , a ranking r is adjusted to another ranking r ′ . In this section  , we seek to derive accurate estimates of the value of this dynamic programming problem in the limit when an ad has already been shown a large number of times. The RNNs in the models are implemented using LSTM in Keras. Making more difficult is that today mainly low-level languages like XSLT and interactive tools e.g. The learning rate of Q-learning is slow at the beginning of learning. The tutorial begins with a basic introduction to the notions and techniques used throughout the theoretical literature . These data could be easily incorporated to improve the predictive power  , as shown in Figure 13. By using RaPiD7 method  , the following benefits are expected to realize:  Artifacts and specifications will be produced in a relatively short time from couple of days to one week  Inspecting the documents will not be typically needed after the document has been authored in a workshop  Communication in projects will be easier and more effective  People can work more flexibly in teams as they all share the same information  The overall quality of artifacts and specifications will be improved  No re-work is needed and hence time is saved  Schedules for workshops in projects are known early enough to plan traveling efficiently  , and thus costs can be reduced 3URFHHGLQJVVRIIWKHWKK ,QWHUQDWLRQDO&RQIHUHQFHHRQ6RIWZDUHHQJLQHHULQJJ ,&6 ¶  , Workshop n. Finished Figure 2  , Creating a document using RaPiD7 RaPiD7 method can be applied for authoring nearly all types of documents. In the Smartpainter project the painting motion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion in 2D and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions follow this folding of surfaces 3  , 91. Figure 6 shows the results of these evaluations. A control cycle is initiated by the Q-learning agent issuing an action which in turn actuates the motors on the scaled model. Once these enhancements are in place  , i.e. Additionally  , we report the results from a recent deep learning system in 38 that has established the new state-of-the-art results in the same setting. A solution is in Nash equilibrium if each player has chosen a strategy that is the best response to the strategies of all other players. Picking the next query edge to fix is essentially a query optimization problem. The mixed-effects model in Eq. The evaluation shows the difficulty of the task  , as well as the promising results achieved by the new method. Both outperform SpotSigs substantially. , cluster-based Pearson Correlation Coefficient SCBPCC 19  , the Aspect Model AM 7  , 'Personality Diagnosis' PD 12  and the user-based Pearson Correlation Coefficient PCC 1. , do not allow online update of parameters. A video demonstration can be found online: http://cs.uwaterloo.ca/~rtholmes/go/icse11demo. In this vein  , optimizing over this group of tasks concurrently should yield another unique  , optimal morphology. ω k denotes the combination parameters for each term with emotion e k   , and can be estimated by maximizing log-likelihood function with L2 i.e. These observations show that it is very important to explore the power of multiple kernels for KLSH in some real-world applications. No instance information is captured in a view diagram besides that in the form of assertions. Hot-deck imputation HI tends to work well when there are strong correlation between the covariates and the variable with missing values  , and thus it performs differently depending on the correlation structure among the variables. This means in practice that a person uses approximately a day to finalize the work. In particular  , kernel-based LSH KLSH 23  was recently proposed to overcome the limitation of the regular LSH technique that often assumes the data come from a multidimensional vector space and the underlying embedding of the data must be explicitly known and computable. We believe that crawling in breadthfirst search order provides the better tradeoff. ft and STight are computed by dynamic programming. The display may be used in text mode or graphics mode by direct access to video memory by using SVGA-lib. Methods for resolving lixal redundancy determine joint trajectories from the instantaneous motion needed to follow a desired end-effector path. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. The learning rate q determines how rapidly EG learns from each example. This is a content-aware model  , which is able to predict unobserved prefix-query pairs. These results indicate that higher use rate will give better results in terms of improved communication  , authoring efficiency and defect rate reduction. Yet  , we turn to a decomposition-like scheme  , where a product result of fuzzy evidence structures is treated as a fuzzy like focal with mass 1  , and it is further decomposed into a crisp evidence structure in the same manner as 3. Word embedding techniques seek to embed representations of words. The accuracy of the traffic light map is coupled to the accuracy of the position estimates of the mapping car. template. Rating imputation has been used previously in 3  , 11  , 16 to evaluate recommender system performance. Of these two  , imputation has the practical advantage that one can analyse the completed database using any tool or method desired. The colors have the following semanticsWhen marking is over  , all the reachable objects have been detected as such and examined  , and are therefore black. Intuitively  , increases as the increase of   , while decreases as the increase of . There are two possibilities to model them in BMEcat  , though. For instance  , many techniques model control flow and omit data  , thus folding together program states which differ only in variable values. We compare our new method to previously proposed LSH methods – a detailed comparison with other indexing techniques is outside the scope of this work. For our tests we use an extended version of the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 10. We explain the work about question answering from database or knowledge base using deep learning in which only question answer pairs and the database or knowledge base are used in construction of the system 4  , 28  , 38  , 41  , 1  , 43  , 42 We introduce the recent progress in image retrieval using deep learning in which only images and their associated texts questions are used as training data 15  , 14  , 17  , 36  , 24  , 23. One of the most successful realizations of LFM  , which combines good scalability with predictive accuracy  , is based on low-rank MF e.g. In the other experiments  , the English queries are translated into French and French queries are translated into English using various tools: 2. Because the commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions  , with no manual changes done to the dictionaries or the translations  , the performance level of the CLIR queries achieved in the study can be achieved in practice in an operational CLIR setting. Also  , each method reads all the feature vectors into main memory at startup time. The robot in this comparison is a differentially driven wheelchair and the lower bound eq. The gradient has a similar form as that of J1 except for an additional marginalization over y h . Active constraints prevent µ max from being further increased by the optimization. The impulse was effected by tapping on the finger with a light and stiff object. We showed that by using a generic approach to generate SPARQL queries out of predicate-argument structures  , HAWK is able to achieve up to 0.68 F-measure on the QALD-4 benchmark. There is at present no standard yardstick. The general idea of our approach is that we observe or simulate an existing system  , and the model is built based on the observations i.e. Various other theorists introduced the concept of Entropy to general systems. Multiple " indicates various resolutions used in the global methods. 6.1 for details on the configuration of each tested model. Of the 50 training questions provided by the QALD benchmark   , 11 questions rely on namespaces which we did not incorporate for predicate detection: FOAF 8 and YAGO 9 . The efforts are based on heuristic fitting the system model in order to obtain the required properties of the model to be used 27- 311. Having validated the proposed semantic similarity measure   , in Section 4 we begin to explore the question of applications   , namely how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. This indicates that the OTM model  , which combines the statistical foundation of PLSA and the orthogonalized constraint  , improves topic representation of documents to a certain degree. This behavior promotes the local cache. In practice  , it is difficult to generate perturbed queries in a data-independent way and most hashed buckets by the perturbed queries are redundant. We map the user collaborative policy specification to an auction based on the Clarke-Tax 7  , 8 mechanism which selects the privacy policy that will maximize the social utility by encouraging truthfulness among the co-owners. Regularization terms such as the Frobenius norms on the profile vectors can be introduced to avoid overfitting. , 10. Yokoi et al. Joint Objective. The neural click models can be used to simulate user behavior on a SERP and to infer document relevance from historical user interactions. CNNs are powerful classifiers due to their ability to automatically learn discriminative features from the input data. Johnson generalized it to other surface representations  , including NURBS  , by using a breadth-first search 9. The RPS view size and CON view size are fixed to 4 ,9 for 10 clients  , 6 ,15 for 50 clients  , and 7 ,20 for 100 clients. Because Hogwild! This is an important optimization since indeed the volumes in each time interval yield a sparse vector. a X position b Z position utilized For the search backend  , Apache Lucene 14 is a search engine library with support for full text search via a fairly expressive query language   , extensible scoring  , and high performance indexing. Therefore  , the length of the LSTM for TDSSDM is 14. Fig. Then  , we separately perform experiments to evaluate the imputation effects of our approach and the applicability of our imputation approach for different effort estimators. The method is also an initial holonomic path method. Query Load. Note that one can always apply binary LSH on top of a metric learning method like NCA or LMNN to construct bit vectors. This section provides a brief overview of LSH functions  , the basic LSH indexing method and a recently proposed entropy-based LSH indexing method. Finally  , we show the potential leverage of product master data from manufacturers with regard to products offered on the Web. An illustrative example of a catalog and its respective conversion is available online 7 . In Section 5  , we describe our proposed framework which is based on the Clarke Tax mechanism. For this setting  , the chart in Figure 9b depicts the average times to execute the BSBM query mix; furthermore  , the chart puts the measures in relation to the times obtained for our engine with a trust value cache in the previous experiment. pLSA has shown promise in ad hoc information retrieval  , where it can be used as a semantic smoothing technique. To avoid simply learning the identity function  , we can require that the number of hidden nodes be less than the number of input nodes  , or we can use a special regularization term. It is often easier to recognize patterns in an audio signal when samples are converted to a frequency domain spectrogram using the Fast Fourier Transform FFT 3  , see Fig. Performance of IMRank with Random initial ranking and Random ranking alone are averaged over 50 trials. Furthermore  , many semantic optimization techniques can only be applied if the declarative constraints are enforced. Fortunately  , game theory provides numerous tools for managing outcome uncertainty 6. The trace files were stored on a 7200 RPM SCSI disk whose data transfer rate far exceeded the update performance of the indexing methods  , guaranteeing that the testbed was Update cost  , index size  , and other metrics measured by the LOCUS testbed were collected at an interval of 2500 updates. In game theory  , a strategy is a method for deciding what move to make next  , given the current game state. The currency results from Geographical Pricing. , a user who explores many different types. From the above results  , we conclude that the introduction of the LSTM block helps to improve the learning abilities of the neural click models. Note that the dynamic programming has been used in discretization before 14 . These had 68 pairs in common. The next section will discuss the classification method. Since optimization of queries is expensive   , it is appropriate that we eliminate queries that are not promising  , i.e. This will not always be feasible in larger domains  , and intelligent search heuristics will be needed. We use MLE method to estimate the population of web robots. Here the feature vector φi is composed by the count of each term in the i th comment. Notice that this takes O|V | 2 log|V | since the graph G is fully connected using a binary heap for the Dijkstra priority queue.   , denotes the Pearson correlation of user and user . Explicitly  , we derive theoretical properties for the model of mining substitution rules. The proposed model has a similar general structure to the author-topic model  , but with additional machinery to handle the distribution of breaking news  , friends' timeline and background words respectively. Then the inverse FFT returns the resulted CoM trajectory into time domain. In our method  , we do the latter  , using already induced word embedding features in order to improve our system accuracy. Our most relevant work 10  presented a method to predict the performance of CLIR according to translation quality and ease of queries. The sparsity parameter value has been adjusted to tune the model. Our predictive models are based on raw geographic distance How many meters is the ATM from me ? The best ranking loss averaged among the four DSRs is 0.2287 given by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction compared with the baseline of 0.2865. robot and obstacles 12. by using dynamic programming. Our first corpus contained the complete runs of the ACM International Conference on Digital Libraries and the JCDL conference  , and the complete run of D-Lib Magazine see Table  2. Our approach consists of two steps. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. Moreover  , two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test of the samples in the two groups indicates that the difference of the two groups is statistically significant . For more details of the evaluation framework please refer to 15 ,16. As O is computed by summing the loss for each user-POI pair  , we adopt the stochastic gradient descent SGD method for optimization . Question Answering over Linked Data QALD 8 evaluation campaigns aim at developing retrieval methods to answer sophisticated question-like queries. The first says that the imputation methods that fill in missing values outperform the case deletion and the lack of imputation. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. However  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. The answer passage retrieval component is fully unsupervised and relies on some scoring model to retrieve most relevant answer passages for a given question. The similarity matrix is M M M ∈ R 100×100   , which adds another 10k parameters to the model. Our learning to rank method is based on a deep learning model for advanced text representations using distributional word embeddings . The objective function can be solved by the stochastic gradient descent SGD. Tschang also developed a grounded theory of creativity in game development 16 and a theory of innovation 17. It is of some interest that our " general " prediction model led to better performance improvement than out taskspecific models. The promising results we obtained during experimentations encourage us to propose and experiment new profiling techniques that take into account the number of transferred triples and compare with the current profiling technique. In Sect. As a consequence our ability to manage large software systems simply breaks down once a certain threshold complexity is approached. A deep redesign implementing the DELOS Reference Model2 must cover this lack  , as it is intended to be a common framework for the broad coverage of the digital library universe. However  , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic  , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory  , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. The second source of phrase data is iVia's PhraseRate keyphrase assignment engine 13. To ensure that edge score is a probability  , |  , is computed via softmax as |  , exp ∑ exp If the structure exceeds w entries  , then CyCLaDEs removes the entry with the oldest timestamp. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantial benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. Table entries are set according to the scoring model of the search engine; thus  , At ,d is the score of document d for term t. typeahead.js 4 and Bootstrap 3. The first Col/Lib and second Loc columns give information about the name of the collection and their location. For BSBM we executed the same ten generated queries from each category  , computed the category average and reported the average and geometric mean over all categories. The procedure for encoding and decoding is explained in the following section. In addition  , our user study evaluation confirmed the superior performance of Linked Data-based approaches both in terms of relevance and unexpectedness. To compare the two approaches in detail  , we are interested in answering two questions. In this section  , CLQS is tested with French to English CLIR tasks. Here we use breadth-first search. RQ3. A dynamic programming procedure controls the graph expansion. In the previous section we have given exact expressions for the value of the dynamic programming problem and the optimal bidding strategy that should be followed under this dynamic programming problem. The results shown in Table 5 compare the LR system introduced in 46 with a number of systems that use word embeddings in the one-and two-vocabulary settings  , as follows: LR+WE 1 refers to combining the one-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the six features of the LR system from 46  , LR+WE 2 refers to combining the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the LR system  , WE 1 refers to using only the one-vocabulary wordembedding-based features  , and WE 2 refers to using only the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features. We follow recent successes with word embedding similarity and use in this work: The closer the function's value is to 1 the more similar the two terms are. The noise in the content may create errors while doing document retrieval thus drastically reducing the precision of retrieval. We experimented with several learning schemes on our data and obtained the best results using a random forest classifier as implemented in Weka. Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is Whether the European Article Number EAN or the Global Trade Item Number GTIN is mapped depends on the type-attribute supplied with the BMEcat element. Denote I as an image dataset with n images  , and T as tag vocabulary with m tags. The most time consuming step of the experimental design and fabrication of self-folding structures was the physical construction of the self-folding sheets. The multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 and reduces that of the entropy-based approach by a factor of 5 to 8. Experiments showed that methods with the LIB quantity were more effective in terms of within-cluster accuracy e.g. The resulting vocabulary contains 150k words out of which only 60% are found in the word embeddings model. Finding an optimal solution to this problem can be accomplished by dynamic programming. Sigmoid activation functions are used in the hidden layer and softmax in the output layer to ensure that outputs sum to one. The goal of Q-learning is to create a function Q : S×A → R assigning to each state-action pair a Q-value  , Qs  , a  , that corresponds to the agent's expected reward of executing an action a in a state s and following infinitely an optimal policy starting from the next state s ′ : Qs  , a=Rs  , a+γ This basic unit of objective information  , the bit  , was more formally related to thermodynamics by Szilard. Traditional information retrieval models are mainly classified into classic probabilistic model  , vector space model and statistical language model. Our evaluation shows that the multi-probe LSH method substantially improves over the basic and entropy-based LSH methods in both space and time efficiency. It allows learning accurate predictive models from large relational databases. As in 10   , we used two kinds of correlations: Pearson and Spearman. The linkage weighting model based on link frequency can substantially and stably improve the retrieval performances. According to the preference towards more general or more specific concepts  , it is therefore possible to advise the user with regard to which of the two methods is more suitable for the specific use case. According to Hull and Grefenstette 1996 human translation in CLIR experiments is an additional source of error. These feature vectors are used as input to train a standard self-organizing map. References will usually denote entities contained in the discourse model  , which is updated after every utterance with entities introduced in that utterance. In the future  , we would like to find ways to overcome this problem and thus further improve top ranked precision of AQR based results. The experiments reported used a breadth first search till maximum depth 3 using the words falling in the synsets category. The effect of such a dimension reduction in keyword-baaed document mpmmmtation and aubeequent self-organizing map training with the compreaaed input patterns is described in 32 . ,  ,nn and outputs yl  , .. ,yp. Since difficult queries mislead the scoring function of the search engine to associate high scores to irrelevant documents  , our computation of relevance probability is also faulty in this case. 14  recently analyze places and events in a collection of geotagged photos using DBSCAN. 0 Motion prediction. The relevance assessments are determined manually for the whole dataset  , unlike in some other datasets proposed for semantic search evaluation  , such as the Semantic Search Workshop data 9   , where the relevance assessments were determined by assessing relevance for documents pooled form 100 top results from each of the participating systems  , queries were very short  , and in text format. 5illustrates the impact of the variable k. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also uses behavioral information from all historical query sessions  , whose SERP contain the document d. However  , this global information does not tell us much about the relevance of the document d to the query q. dmax equals to the largest indegree among all nodes when l = 1. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. In this paper  , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. Many problems related to the folding and unfolding of polyhedral objects have recently attracted the attention of the computational geometry community 25. For each of the tree methods  , small improvement can be seen The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. Elastic Search 1 is a search server based on Lucene that provides the ability to quickly build scalable search engines. For example  , the R-LTR-NTN that using PLSA as document representations is denoted as R-LTR-NTN plsa . Note that all the documents in a typical CLIR setup are assumed to be written in the corresponding native scripts. , between 0.6-0.95 with small lead time less than 2 weeks  , but the Pearson correlation decreases all the way below 0 while lead time increases to 20. First  , was the existing state of the art  , Flat-COTE  , significantly better than current deep learning approaches for TSC ? The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. Subject keywords are nouns and proper nouns from a title or subtitle. We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. In the area of RDF stores  , a number of benchmarks are available. This work could be extended in several directions. A limitation of the case studies is that all the applications and components used were software developed by ABB Inc. involving .lib library files. Some statistics regarding the road maps con­ structed for the protein folding problems are shown in Ta­ hIe 2. Then 0 is determined from the mean value function. In the following sections we will provide details of LHD-d  , and evaluate it afterwards in the above environment. We argue that several issues are overlooked in the semantic embedding method 9. 12 propose a method figure 1c that applies LSH on a learned metric referred as M+LSH in Table 1. Section 7 and 8 compare our system with structural query translation and MTbased CLIR. The main goal was to bring Lucene's ranking function to the same level as the state-of-the-art ranking formulas like those traditionally used by TREC participants. Another approach is to apply the Kolmogorov complexity that measures the signal complexity by its minimum description length  , that in the limit tends to the Shannon Entropy measure. This allowed us to validate the BMEcat converter comprehensively. While LIB uses binary term occurrence to estimate least information a document carries in the term  , LIF measures the amount of least information based on term frequency. A softmax regressor layer is connected to FC9 to output the label of input samples. The model builds a simple statistical language model for each document in the collection. This hierarchical agglomerative step begins with leaf clusters  , and has complexity quadratic in . However  , these are not the only concepts learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. s k   , any subsegmentation si . Typically  , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7  , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. Ideally  , we would like to examine the buckets with the highest success probabilities. We posit a modification scenario in which a developer is asked to modify the folding behaviour to automatically expand every nested level of folding when a user clicks on the fold marker. Small η values may cause the learning model over-sensitive to the training samples. The goal of this scoring is to optimize the degree to which the asker and the answerer feel kinship and trust  , arising from their sense of connection and similarity  , and meet each other's expectations for conversational behavior in the interaction. A similarly strong correlation was reported by 2. We can briefly show why the Clarke-Tax approach maximizes the users' truthfulness by an additional  , simpler example. Similar to what people has done for optimizing ranking measures such as MAP or NDCG  , we find an approximate solution by constructing a new approximate objective function that is differentiable. By contrast  , the nearly 2.7 million product instances from the crawl only contain eleven properties on average. Dellarocas 5 provides a working survey for research in game theory and economics on reputation. , in Q07 and Q08 the system returned an error while performing the operations  , while the native and the translation queries could be evaluated over the database system. To verify our findings  , we pool viewing time and relevance labels from all queries  , and compute Pearson correlation between them. We can thus ob-tain a closed representation for each frequency band by performing a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT  , resulting in a set of 256 coefficients for the respective sine and cosine parts. Finally  , the optimal query correlatioñ Q opt is leveraged for query suggestion. In particular  , in these experiments we generated randomly 200 collections using Dublin Core fields. As in the previous experimentation  , we run a new experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M hosted on the same LDF server with 2 different URLs. The loss function of an autoencoder with a single hidden layer is given by  , The hidden layer gets to learn a compressed representation of the input  , such that the original input can be regenerated from it. In addition  , application programs are typically highly tuned in performance-critical applications e.g. k 4 '  ,k 5   , k 6 are parameters. It measures model change as the difference between the current model parameters and the parameters trained with expanded training set. The basic criteria for the applicability of dynamic programming to optimization problems is that the restriction of an optimal solution to a subsequence of the data has to be an optimal solution to that subsequence. We also take into account that resources of BSBM data fall into different classes. We maintained a vocabulary of 177 ,044 phrases by choosing those with more than 2 occurrences. The next step in sophistication is to have a template that can model more general transformations than the simple template  , such as affine distortion. In this solution only the locking and unlocking operations are valid. Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design  , and they do not have single  , clear semantics. Several papers 12 13 report that proximity scoring is effective when the query consists of multiple words. In Section 2  , we model the search space  , which describes the query optimization problem and the associated cost model. As an example  , stochastic uncertainty in sensing and control can be introduced 7  , 111. DBMSs are being used more and more for interactive exploration 7  , 14  , 37  , where users keep refining queries based on previous query results. Even though we have described the tasks of content selection and surface realization separately  , in practice OCELOT selects and arranges words simultaneously when constructing a summary . In the recent fourth installment of QALD  , hybrid questions on structured and unstructured data became a part of the benchmark. The main contributions of the paper are: More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. Note that most commercial database systems allow specifying top-k query and its optimization. Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. , Google with song  , album and artist names. The significance of differences is confirmed by the T-test for paired values for each two methods p<0.05. This means the personalized models do not have the opportunity to promote results of low general interest i.e. The error induced in the one-step transfer function for using a constant M is less than 2% with a significance of p = 0.955  , indicating low sensitivity to the choice of prior over a range of operating conditions. In addition  , agile modeling does not provide ways to plan the modeling sessions in your software projects whereas in JAD and RaPiD7 the planning is seen crucial for success. However  , this approach utilizes our proposed inference correction during each round of variational inference. Previous work 1 approximated the PDF using weighted Parzen windows. This is difficult and expensive . To do this  , we leveraged users' search trails for the two-month period from March to April 2009 inclusive referred to hereafter as   , and constructed historic interest models   , for all user-query pairs. 20 is diagonal  , the repetitive controller for each axis can be designed independently . This is done using stochastic gradient descent. a =in order Eps' . We argue that the current indexing models have not led to improved retrieval results. Then the labeled target language data in At are used to compute the backpropagated errors to tune the parameters in the target language SAE. Finally  , there might be months that are more olfactory pleasant than others. Therefore  , the classification ends up scoring Shannon less similar to himself than to Monica probably due to high diversity of her sample images  as well as to Kobe Bryant Table 1. 2 describe a system for timbre classification to identify 12 instruments in both clean and degraded conditions. Thus  , for materialized views  , it may be adequate to limit support to a subclass of common operations where view substitution has a large query execution payoff. Based on the above derivation  , we can use the stochastic gradient descent method to find the optimal parameters. We plan on investigating the use of different estimators in future work. It also shows that the multi-probe method is better than the entropy-based LSH method by a significant factor. Instead of evaluating every distinct word or document during each gradient step in order to compute the sums in equations 9 and 10  , hierarchical softmax uses two binary trees  , one with distinct documents as leaves and the other with distinct words as leaves. Based on the 149 topics of the Terabyte tracks  , the results of modified Lucene significantly outperform the original Lucene and are comparable to Juru's results. Table 4Table 4  , the SDM-CA and MLM-CA baselines optimized SDM and MLM both outperform previously proposed models on the entire query set  , most significantly on QALD-2 and ListSearch query sets. These two phases of oscillation appears by turns. In the following  , two approaches  , namely JAD and Agile modeling  , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. For example most of the mentioned factors are implemented in the BMEcat standard 10. There are several nonadjacent intervals where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value : from the likelihood function alone one can't tell which interval contains the true value for the number of defects in the document. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. Second  , word associations in our technique have a welldefined probabilistic interpretation. The average mutual information Shannon entropy decrease measures the average information shared by the antecedent and the consequent. In both cases  , suspended and deviant users are visibly characterized by different distributions: suspended users tend to have higher deviance scores than deviant not suspended users. We use topic modeling to recover the concerns/aspects in each software artifact  , and use them as input for machine learningbased defect prediction models. Perplexity is a standard measure used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood . In the previous section we have introduced the general functionality of the CS and its logical architecture. As shown in Table 2  , the Linked Data measures outperform the baseline system across all criteria. 6demonstrates the fact that more than 60% of features are zero when the sparsity constraint is utilized in the autoencoder combined with the ReLU activation function. Trend of the coefficients of Jq in q = 0 during learning. From a statistical language modeling perspective  , meaning of a word can be characterized by its context words. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. The formal definition of perplexity for a corpus D with D documents is: To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . The Spearman correlation coefficients are very similar  , and thus are omitted. In the conventional model these news packages have a number of common features: the contents are decided by the editor and the contributing writers  , the coverage of stories represents a national or sometimes regional perspective  , and the depth of coverage of an individual story is determined by the editors' judgment of the general readership's interest in it. 6 directly with stochastic gradient descent. is done by performing a breadth-first search that considers all successor vertices of a given vertex first before expanding further. We tested two such scores for region combination pti  , oti  , viz. It shows PLSA can capture users' interest and recommend questions effectively. Kisilevich et al. The traditional way of removing data from materialized views is deletion. The reader is referred to the technical report by Oard and Dorr for an excellent review of the CLIR literature 18. Once a model is learned  , a common strategy for the application of personalization is to rerank the top-n results 3  , 9. I Some statistics regarding the roadmaps constructed for the paper folding problems are shown in Table 1. All shapes folded themselves in under 7 minutes. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. It complements the conventional query optimization phase. 2 11 queries with monolingual average precision lower than CLIR. We have submitted 6 ranking-based runs. UDCombine1. As in applying II to conventional query optimization  , an interesting question that arises in parametric query optimization is how to determine the running time of a query optimizer for real applications . Thus  , we should use these pages for training as well. The second example gathers and stores reference linking information for future use. Word embedding as technique for representing the meaning of a word in terms other words  , as exemplified by the Word2vec ap- proach 7 . Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. We have experimented with different number of hash tables L for all three LSH methods and different number of probes T i.e. These models utilize the bilingual compositional vector model biCVM of 9 to train a retrieval system based on a bilingual autoencoder. This is attractive  , because most PIM software applications can export content to BMEcat. where p m · and p s · denotes the likelihood function for moving objects and stationary object  , respectively. He found the logarithm of the number of distinguishable states of the storage device to be intuitively acceptable and that  , when he I used it  , it worked. and adopts this combined kernel for KLSH. Even though a common approach in CLIR is to perform query translation QT using a bilingual dictionary 32  , there were studies showing that combining both QT and document translation DT improved retrieval performance in CLIR by using bilingual representations in both the source and target language 28  , 19  , 7  , 4. In other words  , any possible ranking lists could be the final list with certain probability. Support Vector Machine is well known for its generalization performance and ability in handling high dimension data. In an experiment on QALD-3 DBpedia questions  , the median query construction time was 30 s  , the maximum time was 109 s  , and only one question led to a timeout. Preliminary results showed that our topic-based defect prediction has better predictive power than state-of-the-art approaches. DBSCAN has two parameters: Eps and MinPts. We selected two corpora to work from. The online check-ins contain abundant information of users' physical movements in daily lives  , e.g. ,  , m 10The computational strategy adopted for understanding a document consists of a hierarchical model fitting  , which limits the range of labelling possibilities. As experimentation of our approach  , we choose GoldDLP 1   , an ontology describing a financial domain. Random data sample selection is crucial for stochastic gradient descent based optimization. 2 Performance stability: Caret-optimized classifiers are at least as stable as classifiers that are trained using the default settings. Out of 50 questions provided by the benchmark we have successfully answered 16 correct and 1 partially correct. Each game instruction had a 15 % chance of being incorrect translation error rate. DB2 query optimizer has the' cost function in terms of resource consumption such as t.he CPU 'dime and I/O time. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR remains a difficult task. For generation   , we first use an LSTM-RNN to encode the input sequence query to a vector space  , and then use another LSTM-RNN to decode the vector into the output sequence reply 32; for retrievals  , we adopt the LSTM-RNN to construct sentence representations and use cosine similarity to output the matching score 25. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as  Binary actions with r ij ∈ {−1  , 1}. Nallapati et al. the search procedure is breadth first search which examines all the nodes on one level of the tree before any nodes of the next level ignoring the goal distance Ac. Using a single word embedding to represent multiple such topics may result in embeddings that conflate them  , i.e. , if the expanded text has subsections that were folded  , they remain folded. When an application initializes Comm- Lib  , it automatically initiates an instance of ServiceX. Distance Computation between regional embeddings After learning word embeddings for each word w ∈ V  , we then compute the distance Figure 2: Semantic field of theatre as captured by GEODIST method between the UK and US. Several interviewees reported that " operationalization " of their predictive models—building new software features based on the predictive models is extremely important for demonstrating the value of their work. Deep learning with bottom-up transfer DL+BT: A deep learning approach with five-layer CAES and one fully connected layer. If the grid is coarse  , dynamic programming works reasonably quickly. In this way we represent each comment by a dense low-dimensional vector which is trained to predict words in the comment and overcomes the weaknesses of word embeddings solely. , folding a one-dimensional amino acid chain into a three-dimensional protein structure. In order to demonstrate self-folding  , a design was chosen that incorporates the four requirements listed above: the inchworm robot shown in Fig. In all our experiments  , we fix σ 2 = 9; experiments with several other values in the range of 3 to 20 did not yield much difference. That is , We called this forest  , Reconfigurable Random Forest RRF. Are users highly focused i.e. We adopt the skip-gram approach to obtain our Word Embedding models. Different JAD sessions are not said to be alike 6  , and while this is true for RaPiD7 too  , the way RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions are planned is different. Fourth  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets so that its coverage detection capability is often more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method e.g. Most surprisingly  , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90% regular. Instead of generating perturbed queries  , our method computes a non-overlapped bucket sequence  , according to the probability of containing similar objects. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. A large η tends to make the interest-related language model more discriminative because more general words are generated from the background model. Performing SPARQL queries and navigating on the web are different in terms of the number of HTTP calls per-second and clients profiling. 4. , in terms of purity and precision. Then  , we navigate in a breadth-first search manner through this classification. The RL system is in control of the robot  , and learning progresses as in the standard Q-learning framework. In our example  , the Semantic GrowBag uses statistical information to compute higher order co-occurrences of keywords. SQUALL2SPARQL takes an inputs query in SQUALL  , which is a special English based language  , and translates it to SPARQL. Stochastic gradient descent is a common way of solving this nonconvex problem. Then the term and the location are generated dependent on this topic assignment  , according to two different multinomial distributions. Because it assumes that individuals are outcome maximizing  , game theory can be used to determine which actions are optimal and will result in an equilibrium of outcome. These parts tend to be shorter. Proposition 1 defines a ρ-correlated pseudo AP predictor; that is  , a predictor with a ρ prediction quality i.e. , 5  , 8  , 13  , 141. However  , it suits best for documents that are not product-like in nature. To e:ffectively handle integer variables and operation precedence with each part  , neural dynamic programming NDI ? Our task is to predict user engagement solely on the basis of inexpensive  , easy-to-acquire user interaction signals. The above result shows large correlation of the predicted voice quality and human annotated voice quality.   , n |Q|−|X obs | } indicating on which dimensions the data elements are lost; 2. imputing the assigned dimensions according to the imputation strategy ϕ. . The search for the optimal path follows the method presented in lo. Simply put  , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. SP and SP* select a specification page using our scoring function in Section 3.2; SP selects a page from the top 30 results provided by Google search engine  , while SP* selects a page from 10 ,000 pages randomly selected from the local web repository . The dynamic programming exploration procedure can perform optimizations. A short time difference usually indicates the highly temporal relevance between the tweet and the query. We will provide some comparisons of them in image annotation problem in Section 4.2. A more general definition of a pattern can involve mixed node types within one pattern  , but is beyond the scope of this paper. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. In their formulation  , they attached the weight to . Our current implementation is based on rule-based query optimization. , passages which match all/most query words get priority. Spectral hashing SH 36  uses spectral graph partitioning strategy for hash function learning where the graph is constructed based on the similarity between data points. Simplicity is a fundamental requirement in the design of solutions for this type of problems  , where users most likely have limited knowledge on how to protect their privacy through more sophisticated approaches. There appears to be no significant difference among the single imputation techniques at the 1% level of significance. Semantic query optimization is well motivated in the literature6 ,5 ,7  , as a new dimension to conventional query optimization. Sample 1 is the result of diversification using pLSA for varying K  , and sample 2 is the result of diversification using LapPLSA Table 6: Comparing performance of LapPLSA and pLSA over random K's. Delrin and ABS plastics were used to fabricate the frame and links. , FemaleHeadsOf- Government and HostCitiesOfTheSummerOlympicGames. We conducted personal photo tagging on 7 ,000 real personal photos and personal photo search on the MIT-Adobe FiveK photo dataset. These results show that the performance of DD is significantly better than that of other methods under challenging conditions. A cutoff value of 0.5 was used for the three semantic relevance approaches. By determining the size of the map the user can decide which level of abstraction she desires. Since it is difficult  , in general  , to decide which junction belongs to the scene object of interest  , we matched all 21 features with the corresponding model ones. We also show that such dictionaries contribute to CLIR performance . Dynamic instrumentation is more effective at prioritizing leaks by volume on a particular execution. So far almost all the legal information retrieval systems are based on the boolean retrieval model. To evaluate the performance of the ranking functions  , we blended 200 documents selected by the cheap scoring function into the base-line set. Folding in program verification. This crucial benefit of graphs recently led to an emerging interest in graph based data mining 7. Its default download strategy is to perform a breadth-first search of the web  , with the following three modifications: 1. The Q-learning agent is connected to the scaled model via actuation and sensing lines. Mutual information is a measure of the statistical dependency between two random variables based on Shannon' s entropy and it is defined as the following: Thus probabilistic correlations among query terms  , contextual elements and document terms can be established based on the query logs  , as illustrated in Figure 1. Liu et al. As we will show  , our method has better performance characteristics for retrieval and sketching under some common conditions. RaPiD7 has been developed and used in Nokia  , which can be referred to as being a large telecommunications company. 1 Correlation Between Objective functions and Parame­ ters: The correlation between the parameters and objectives is assessed by computing the Pearson correlation coefficient R as a summary statistic. The folding problems  , especially protein folding  , have a few notable differences from usual PRM applications. The returned set was therefore compared to their query in that light  , their semantic relevance. recommend to use UN/ CEFACT 14 common codes to describe units of measurement. The transfer function is assumed as the diagonal matrix  , so that the Phase deg Frequency Hz x-output y-output z-output For more information on this approach see 7  , 6  , and 22. Figure 2a shows the percent of different nodes in two successive iterations. , the parameters of the LSTM block and the parameters of the function F·  , are learned during training. First  , random forest can achieve good accuarcy even for the problem with many weak variables each variable conveys only a small amount of information. The remaining columns show the performance of each method  , including the number of interleavings tested and the run time in seconds. Similar to PGM-based click models  , both RNN and LSTM configurations are trained by maximizing the likelihood of observed click events. by assigning a high score to a token outside the article text. The parameters of Q-learning and the exploration scheme are the same than in the previous experiments. The SemSets method 7 proposed for entity list search utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories i.e. Channels and variables may either be local or global. Although the principle of using parallel texts in CLIR is similar  , the approaches used may be very different. In DBSCAN a cluster is defined as a set of densely-connected points controlled by  which maximize density-reachability and must contain at least M inP ts points. Can we attribute the residual lift to interest in the brand or category ? In addition  , we expect random access latencies to improve over time as developers continue to improve HDFS. The final generalization of the Support Vector Machine is to the nonseparable case. We perform experiments on a publicly available multilingual multi-view text categorization corpus extracted from the Reuters RCV1/RCV2 corpus 1 . In contrast  , last criterion   , which is typical of schemes generally seen in the robotics literature  , yields analytical expressions for the trajectory and locally-optimal solutions for joint rates and actuator forces. More recently  , a maximum margin method known as Struct Support Vector Machine SV M struct  19 was proposed to solve this problem. Of course  , high temporal correlation does not guarantee semantic relevance. CLOSET 11 and CLOSET+ 16 adopt a depth-first  , feature enumeration strategy. In order to design the controller  , we need to have the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T , ,. In this paper we do not address the problem of scalability or efficiency in determining the relevance of the ontologies  , in respect to a query. We write NCM Y X to denote a neural click model with representation X QD  , QD+Q  , QD+Q+D and configuration Y RNN  , LSTM. JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. The recursive optimization techniques  , when applied to small manufacturing lines  , yield the solution with reasonable computational effort. 1 and Eq. Reusing existing GROUP BY optimization logic can yield an efficient PIVOT implementation without significant changes to existing code. This paper presents a novel technique for self-folding that utilizes shape memory polymers  , resistive circuits  , and structural design features to achieve these requirements and create two­ dimensional composites capable of self-folding into three­ dimensional devices. Each iteration of the stochastic gradient descent in PV-DBOW goes through each word exactly once  , so we use the document length 1/#d to ensure equal regularizations over long and short documents. By picking the probing sequence carefully  , it also requires checking far fewer buckets than entropy-based LSH. Initial weight ,s are typically set to i. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. proposed the Incremental-DBSCAN in 2. Either the BMEcat supplier defines two separate features  , or the range values are encoded in the FVALUE element of the feature. On the other hand  , crawling in breadth-first search order provides a fairly good bias towards high quality pages without the computational cost. This work attempts to combine these approaches thus exploiting both the strong economical background used by game theory to model the relations that define competitive actions  , as well as sophisticated data mining models to extract knowledge from the data companies accumulate. APEQ 10  , from QALD-5 10  , uses a graph traversal based approach  , where it first extracts the main entity from the query and then tries to find its relations with the other entities using the given KB. The performance of Human Interest Model and Soft Pattern Bigram Model for each entity type can be seen in Figure 2 . CYCLADES includes a recommender system that is able to recommend a collection to a user on the basis of his own profile and the collection content  , so all resources belonging to a collection are discovered together. Section 3 addresses the concept and importance of transductive inference  , together with the review of a well-known transductive support vector machine provided by T. Joachims. A typical CNN has one or more convolutional/max pooling layer pairs followed by one or more fully connected layers  , and finally a softmax layer. 2 11 queries with monolingual Avg. P lower than CLIR. Sequential prediction methods use the output of classifiers trained with previous  , overlapping subsequences of items  , assuming some predictive value from adjacent cases  , as in language modeling. One promising method is LCS longest common subsequence and another skipgrams 8. To measure the ability of a model to act as a generative model  , we computed test-set perplexity under estimated parameters and compared the resulting values. Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. Game theory  , however  , is limited by several assumptions  , namely: both individuals are assumed to be outcome maximizing; to have complete knowledge of the game including the numbers and types of individuals and each individual's payoffs; and each individual's payoffs are assumed to be fixed throughout the game. A learning session consists in initializing the Q function randomly  , then performing several sequences of experiments and learning until a good result is achieved. Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. Model performance is demonstrated by emprical data. This challenge can deteriorate the performance of the hand-crafted feature-based approaches. At the beginning of learning control of each situation   , CMAC memory is refreshed. CyCLaDEs aims at discovering and connecting dynamically LDF clients according to their behaviors. It is a time-synchronous Viterbi decoder with dynamic expansion of LM state conditioned lexical trees 3  , 18  , 20  with acoustic and language model lookaheads. The general interest model captures the user's interests in terms of categories e.g. This vector is the mean direction of the prediction PDF  , The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. Finally  , to address the varying number of checkins per user  , we compute the Shannon Entropy of the per user checkin frequency. This information  , along with the CS positions in the robot frame  , and with the map  , identifies the robot pose position and orientation. Higher entropy means a more uniform distribution across beer types  , i.e.   , vn−1}  , where the indices are consistent with a breadth-first numbering produced by a breadth-first search starting at node v0 1 see Section 3.4.1 for a formal definition. Query type Q1 of the QUERY test represents a sequence of random proximity queries details below. The methods used to represent these games are well known. The code for EM and Pearson correlation was written in Matlab. Our own work has centered on the use of the normal-form game as a representation and means of control for human-robot interaction 12. We define the following well-known similarity measures: the cosine similarity and Pearson correlation coefficient. In the second set of experiments  , we use transductive support vector machine for model training. The motion planning problem can be formulated as a twoperson zero sum game l in which the robot is a player and the obstacles and the other robots are the adversary . Many optimization methods were also developed for group elevator scheduling. Theoretically   , word embedding model is aiming to produce similar vector representation to words that are likely to occur in the same context. In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. Table 6shows examples of queries transformed through both alternatives. Model fitting and selection takes on average 7 ms  , and thus can be easily computed in real-time on a mobile robot. The Shannon entropy of a clickstream S u i α k is thus Since an entity is not necessarily active at each time interval in the series it is possible to optimize Equation 2 such that T Si+1e will be dependent solely on the values of T Sje j ≤ i for which cje = 0. In sum  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. We followed Chapelle et al. We adopt this best kernel for KLSH. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. Moreover  , breadth first search will find a shortest path  , whereas depth first makes no guarantees about the length of the counter example it will find. This property makes the numerical model more reliable for future wing kinematics optimization studies. A solution to a game describes classes of strategies for how best to play a game. Shaelyn is completing a similar task using Scholarly. Furthermore  , a semi-supervised learning method proposed in 6 is to perform binary code learning. In our case , . In a set-at-a-time system  , query optimization can take place at at least two levels. The Collection Service described here has been experimented so far in two DL systems funded by the V Framework Programme  , CYCLADES IST-2000-25456 and SCHOLNET IST-1999-20664  , but it is quite general and can be applied to many other component-based DL architectural frameworks. Figure 2contains the Pearson correlation matrices for several quantitative biographical items. Figure 6 shows how the vector states s7 for different distances to the previous click are positioned in the vector state space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . garbage collections. multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the entropy-based approach by a factor of 7.0  , 5.5  , and 6.0 respectively for the three recall values  , while reducing the query time by half. For TREC-7 and TDT-2 we had been using PRISE  , but our interest in trying out Pirkola's technique for CLIR led to our choice of Inquery for CLIR TREC-8. Equation 1 describes the default Lucene score for a document d with respect to a query q: To meet that goal  , we analyze the questions in QALD and WebQuestions and find most of them the detail statistics are also on our website mentioned above can be categorized to special patterns shown in Table 2. To define the embedding for a set of words W   , we define g : W → v W ∈ R d that computes embedding as: Furthermore  , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. Also  , in PLSA it is assumed that all attributes motifs belonging to a component might not appear in the same observation upstream region. The error rate of a random forest depends on two factors: the correlation between trees in the forest and the strength of each individual tree. , SEIR and EpiFast  , on the other hand  , performs not as well as social media-based methods with small lead time  , but the Pearson correlation does not drop significantly when lead time increases. , outside of the top n  , but of high interest to the current user  , into the top-ranked results. The difference in unexpectedness is significant only in the case of Random Indexing vs. baseline. Given the user behavior observed by Klöckner et al. The actual CLIR research seeks to answer the question how fuzzy translation should be applied in an automatic CLIR query formulation and interactive CLIR to achieve the best possible retrieval performance. They tend to explicitly leverage highly-dynamic features like late binding of names  , meta-programming  , and " monkey patching "   , the ability to arbitrarily modify the program's AST. target formats can be executed loss-free; however  , this cannot be said in general for the transformation of a source to a target format. The optimization on this query is performed twice. where µi ∈ R denotes a user-specific offset. Inspired by the superior results obtained by the neural language models  , we present a two-phase approach  , Doc2Sent2Vec  , to learn document embedding. The time and space complexity of IMRank with the generalized LFA strategy is low. We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. 1for an example spectrogram. , when N is large. We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator  , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. A set of sufficient conditions for showing that a folding preserves violations of specifications expressed in propositional temporal logic are given in YouSS. The impact of disambiguation for CLIR is debatable. The time and space complexity of finding the weighted edit distance is also " #  ! The complete optimization objective used by this model is given in Table 1 . IBM Haifa This year  , the experiments of IBM Haifa were focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine. The French queries serve to establish a useful upper baseline for CLIR effectiveness. We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. Motivated by this intuition   , this study focuses on modeling user-entity distance and inter-category differences in location preference. Second  , we are interested in evaluating the efficiency of the engine. Then each sub-image is represented by those visual words from these vocabularies through codebook lookup of each raw image feature and finally the full image feature set is constructed. It does not occur in an operational CLIR setting. , with the ranks used in place of scores. 6 for large datasets is to use mini-batch stochastic gradient descent. Semantic Sequencing.