Our unsupervised scoring function is based on 3 main observations. The performance also varies depending on the choice of scoring function. We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. Rather  , it uses the scoring function of the search engine used to rank the search results. The second source of phrase data is iVia's PhraseRate keyphrase assignment engine 13. This last point is important since typically search engine builders wish to keep their scoring function secret because it is one of the things that differentiates them from other sources. We begin with the usual assumption that for each query  , there is a scoring function that assigns a score to each document  , so that the documents with the highest scores are the most relevant. These probabilities can be induced from the scoring function of the search engine. For the search backend  , Apache Lucene 14 is a search engine library with support for full text search via a fairly expressive query language   , extensible scoring  , and high performance indexing. Lucene then compared to Juru  , the home-brewed search engine used by the group in previous TREC conferences. Effectiveness in these notional applications is modeled by the task metrics. Thus similar titles will appear approximately in the same column  , with the better scoring titles towards the top. 15 propose an alternative approach called rank-based relevance scoring in which they collect a mapping from songs to a large corpus of webpages by querying a search engine e.g. SP and SP* select a specification page using our scoring function in Section 3.2; SP selects a page from the top 30 results provided by Google search engine  , while SP* selects a page from 10 ,000 pages randomly selected from the local web repository . It is the same engine that was used for previous TREC participations e.g. For each document identifier passed to the Snippet Engine   , the engine must generate text  , preferably containing query terms  , that attempts to summarize that document. At the meta-broker end  , we believe that our results can also be helpful in the design of the target scoring function  , and in distinguishing cases where merging results is meaningful and cases where it is not. This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function  , and thus within this toleration factor  , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary. An important feature of this is that the tf·idf scores are calculated only on the terms within the index  , so that anchortext terms are kept separate from terms in the document itself. However  , because we are exploiting highly relevant documents returned by a search engine  , we observe that even our unsupervised scoring function produces high quality results as shown in Section 5. Since the prototype did not include a general search engine  , the best interface with such systems is unknown. The answer passage retrieval component is fully unsupervised and relies on some scoring model to retrieve most relevant answer passages for a given question. Additional opportunities include allowing wildcards to match subexpressions rather than single symbols  , implementing additional query functionality in the engine  , incorporating textual features and context 24  , and integrating Tangent-3 with keyword search. In particular  , dynamic pruning strategies aim to avoid the scoring of postings for documents that cannot make the top K retrieved set. In the future  , we would like to find ways to overcome this problem and thus further improve top ranked precision of AQR based results. Elastic Search 1 is a search server based on Lucene that provides the ability to quickly build scalable search engines. In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results  , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. We use a query engine that implements a variation on the INQUERY 1 tf·idf scoring function to extract an ordered list of results from each of the three indices. Our formula search engine is an integral part of Chem X Seer  , a digital library for chemistry and embeds the formula search into document search by query rewrite and expansion Figure 1. IBM Haifa This year  , the experiments of IBM Haifa were focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine. The main goal was to bring Lucene's ranking function to the same level as the state-of-the-art ranking formulas like those traditionally used by TREC participants. Alternatively   , a search engine might choose to display the top-scoring tweets in rank order regardless of time. To improve the efficiency of such a deployment  , a dynamic pruning strategy such as Wand 1 could easily be used  , which omits the scoring of documents that cannot reach the top K retrieved set. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. Relevance is determined by the underlying text search engine based on the common scoring metric of term frequency inverse document frequency. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. A keyword search engine like Lucene has OR-semantics by default i.e. Therefore  , the classification ends up scoring Shannon less similar to himself than to Monica probably due to high diversity of her sample images  as well as to Kobe Bryant Table 1. To evaluate the performance of the ranking functions  , we blended 200 documents selected by the cheap scoring function into the base-line set. In our experiments we insist that each response contains all selectors  , and use Lucene's OR over other question words. A quick scan of the thumbnails locates an answer: 4 musicians shown  , which the user could confirm took place in Singapore by showing and playing the story. Our experiments this year for the TREC 1-Million Queries Track focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine 4. Several papers 12 13 report that proximity scoring is effective when the query consists of multiple words. – Textual baseline: we indexed the raw text by adopting the standard Lucene library customized with the scoring formula described in Sect. For example   , a classical content-based recommendation engine takes the text from the descriptions of all the items that user has browsed or bought and learns a model usually a binary target function: "recommend or "not recommend". To gauge the effectiveness of our system compared to other similar systems  , we developed a version of our tagging suggestion engine that was integrated with the raw  , uncompressed tag data and did not use the case-evaluator for scoring  , aside from counting frequency of occurrence in the result set. We were able to improve Lucene's search quality as measured for TREC data by 1 adding phrase expansion and proximity scoring to the query  , 2 better choice of document length normalization  , and 3 normalizing tf values by document's average term frequency. Finally  , for each set of results the only the the highest scoring 1000 tweets were used by RRF to combine results and only the top 1000 results from each run were submitted to NIST for evaluation. In the rank scoring metric  , method G-Click has a significant p < 0.01 23.37% improvement over method WEB and P-Click method have a significant p < 0.01 23.68% improvement over method WEB. A page was said to include an attribute-value pair only when a correspondence between the attribute and its value could be visually recognized as on the left side of Figure 1. When a user enters a freetext query string  , the corpus of webpages is ranked using an IR approach and then the mapping from webpages back to songs is used to retrieve relevant songs. The goal of this scoring is to optimize the degree to which the asker and the answerer feel kinship and trust  , arising from their sense of connection and similarity  , and meet each other's expectations for conversational behavior in the interaction. This means users have small variance on these queries  , and the search engine has done well for these queries  , while on the queries with click entropy≥2.5  , the result is disparate: both P-Click and G-Click methods make exciting performance. If no such context information is at hand  , there is still another option: the search engine may present the results of the best scoring segmentation to the user and offer the second best segmentation in a " Did you mean " manner. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large  , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. As an example  , a state-of-the-art IR definition for a singleattribute scoring function Score is as follows 17: Specifically  , the score that we assign to a joining tree of tuples T for a query Q relies on:  Single-attribute IR-style relevance scores Scorea i   , Q for each textual attribute a i ∈ T and query Q  , as determined by an IR engine at the RDBMS  , and  A function Combine  , which combines the singleattribute scores into a final score for T . Suppose we have the variational distribution: Therefore  , we carry out variational EM. However  , this approach utilizes our proposed inference correction during each round of variational inference. Variational EM alternates between updating the expectations of the variational distribution q and maximizing the probability of the parameters given the " observed " expected counts. For evaluation purposes the accuracy of predicted location is used. investigate how to perform variational EM for the application of learning text topics 33. MaxEntInf Pseudolikelihood EM PL-EM MaxEntInf : This is our proposed semi-supervised relational EM method that uses pseudolikelihood combined with the MaxEntInf approach to correct for relational biases. To maximize with respect to each variational parameter  , we take derivatives with respect to it and set it to zero. As with PL-EM Naive  , this method utilizes 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference  , 10 rounds of EM  , and maximizes the full PL. The inference is performed by Variational EM. While the E-step can be easily distributed  , the M-step is still centralized  , which could potentially become a bottleneck. The inference is done by Variational EM and the evaluation is done by measuring the accuracy of predicted location and showing anecdotal results. As CL-EM is known to be unstable 14   , we smooth the parameters at each iteration t. More specifically  , we estimate It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference. Maximizing the global parameters in MapReduce can be handled in a manner analogous to EM 33 ; the expected counts of the variational distribution generated in many parallel jobs are efficiently aggregated and used to recompute the top-level parameters. For questions with a simple answer pattern  , the answer candidates can be found by fixed pattern matching. Our pattern matching component consists of two parts  , fixed pattern matching and partial pattern matching. We now define the graph pattern matching problem in a distributed setting. Patterns are organized in a list according to their scores. One promising technique to circumvent this is soft pattern matching. Pattern matching is simple to manipulate results and implement. Consequently  , we believe that any practical IE optimizer must optimize pattern matching. Next  , each model's location is estimated. A Basic Graph Pattern is a set of statement patterns. Graph pattern matching Consider the graph pattern P from Fig. The Pattern Matching stream consists of three stages: Generation  , Document Prefetch and Matching. In most applications  , however  , substring pattern matching was applied  , in which an " occurrence " is when the pattern symbols occur contiguously in the text. However  , their pattern languages are limited by a small number of pattern variables for matching linguistic structures. As for those with complex answer patterns  , we try to locate answer candidates via partial pattern matching. Matching is meant here as deciding whether either a given ontology or its part is compliant matches with a given pattern. Kumar and Spafford 10 applied subsequence pattern matching to intrusion detection. If no matching pattern is found  , the exception propagates up the call stack until a matching handler is found. Surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems. Feature matching method needs to abstract features e.g. Two kinds of matching methods are oftcn uscd: Feature matching method and pattern matching method 8. This is the value used for pattern matching evaluation. Let us examine a small pattern-matching example . This package provides reawnably fast pattc:rn matching over a rich pattern language. The final score of a sentence incorporates both its centroid based weight and the soft pattern matching weight. But in our case  , pattern matching occurs relatively less frequently than during a batch transformation. The output of this pattern matching phase is tuples of labels for relevant nodes  , which is considered as intermediate result set  , named as RS intermediate . Note that these early work however do not consider AD relationship  , which is common for XML queries. The correlation operation can be seen as a form of convolution where the pattern matching model Mx ,y is analogous to the convolution kernel: Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. Once a matching sentiment pattern is found  , the target and sentiment assignment are determined as defined in the sentiment pattern. var is a set of special alternative words  , which are usually shared by various patterns and also assigned in question pattern matching. Fixed pattern matching scans each passage and does pattern matching. Different from previous empirical work  , we show how soft pattern matching is achieved within the framework of two standard probabilistic models. Each pattern matching step either involves the use of regular expressions or an external dictionary such as a dictionary of person names or product names. For the first variation the text collection was the Web  , and for the second  , the local AQUAINT corpus. Bottom-up tree pattern matching has been extensively studied in the area of classic tree pattern matching 12. In addition  , not all types of NE can be captured by pattern matching effectively. The triple pattern matching operator transforms a logical RDF stream into a logical data stream  , i.e. By incorporating 'anchor control' logic it is possible to operate some sub-sets of cascades in the unanchored mode  , sub-pattern matching mode  , variable precursor matching mode or a combination thereof. If a text segment matches with a pattern  , then the text segment is identified to contain the relationship associated with the pattern. Each pattern box provides visual handles for direct manipulation of the pattern. This eases parsing  , pattern declaration and matching  , and it makes the composition interface explicit. This is a problem that has received some attention from the pattern matching research community. 4 also propose to find relevant formulae using pattern matching. pressive language. The patterns are described in Table 2. In our simplified version of pattern matching  , the search trajectory was designed as follows. Previously examined by Cui et al. 8is to recognize a parameter by pattern matching. The tree-pattern matching proceeds in two phases. proposed a similar method to inverse pattern matching that included wild cards 9. A type constraint annotation restricts the static Java type of the matching expression. In the Generation stage  , the question is analyzed and possible answer patterns are generated. There are several main differences between string matching and the discovery of FA patterns. Note that in this paper  , we focus on ordered twig pattern matching. Patterns are sorted by question types and stored in pattern files. For example  , consider the tree representation of the pattern Q 1 in Figure 3 . Overlapping features: Overlapping features of adjacent terms are extracted. Note that it contains variables that have already been bound by the change pattern matching. The final score is the product of the pattern score and matching score. The lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the well studied multi-pattern matching problem in the string matching literature 25. In our scenario  , if each entity is modeled as a pattern  , the lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the multi-pattern matching problem. Although surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems  , the patterns used in ILQUA are better since they are automatically generated by a supervised learning system and represented in a format of regular expressions which contain multiple question terms. All of the points have the same pattern and this is suitable for a template matching because the points may be able to be extracted through a template matching procedure using only one template. In such a case  , we first need to distribute the expression " GRAPH γ " appropriately to atomic triple patterns in order to prescribe atomic SPARQL expressions accessible by basic quadruple pattern matching. The pattern-matching language is based on regular expressions over the annotations; when a sequence of annotations is matched by the left-hand side pattern  , then the right-hand side defines the type of annotation to be added Organization in the example case above. The goal of multi-pattern matching is to find within a text string d all occurrences of patterns from a given set. In addition to surface pattern matching  , we also adopt n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. The Sparkwave 10 system was built to perform continuous pattern matching over RDF streams by supporting expressive pattern definitions  , sliding windows and schema-entailed knowledge. Pattern matching with variable 'don't care' symbols can now be easily performed  , if the input signals set the D flip-flop values throughout the duration of pattern matching. Our system focuses on ordered twig pattern matching  , which is essential for applications where the nodes in a twig pattern follow the document order in XML. We enhanced the pattern recognition engine in ViPER to execute concurrent parallel pattern matching threads in spite of running Atheris for each pattern serially. We tested our technique using the data sets obtained from the University of New Mexico. This approach benefits from a better performance by avoiding multiple input parsing. For each token  , we look for the longest pattern of token features that matches with pattern rules. Finally  , a novel pattern matching module is proposed to detect intrusions based on both intra-pattern and inter-pattern anomalies. Therefore  , the system works in stages: it ranks all sentences using centroid-based ranking and soft pattern matching  , and takes the top ranked sentences as candidate definition sentences. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. their rapid evaluation. Yet ShopBot has several limitations. The interesting subtlety is that pattern matching can introduce aliases for existing distinguishing values. Approaches that use pattern matching e.g. TwigStack 7  , attract lots of research attention. The research question is: pattern. 18 have demonstrated that soft pattern matching greatly improves recall in an IE system. We have so far introduced features of the matching rule language mainly through examples. Regarding input data generation  , all sequences  , matching the pattern are favored and get higher chance to occur. Results of query " graph pattern " with terms-based matching and different rankings: 1 Semantic richness  , 2 Recency. The *SENTENCE* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single sentence. with grouping  , existing pattern matching techniques are no longer effective. For each context pattern and each snippet search engine returned  , select the words matching tag <A> as the answer. YATL is a declarative  , rule based language featuring pattern matching and restructuring operators. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : The basic problem is then to limit combinatorial explosion while deducinc knowledge. In SPARQL 5 no operator for the transformation from RDF statements to SPARQL is defined. In the pattern matching step  , we will compare performance of the several kernel functions e.g. They primarily used heuristics and pattern matching for recognizing URLs of homepages. SPARQL  , a W3C recommendation  , is a pattern-matching query language. Each template rule specifies a matching pattern and a mode. Tree-Pattern Matching. It also leverages existing definitions from external resources. We obtain We assume  , however  , that indexes are used to access triples matching a triple pattern efficiently. Listing1.2 shows a simple SPARQL query without data streams. 4 have demonstrated the utility of DTW for ECG pattern matching. In this paper  , an improved circuit structure corresponds to the complex regular expressions pattern matching is achieved. Second  , the notions of pattern matching and implicit context item at each point of the evaluation of a stylesheet do not exist in XQuery. We will focus our related work discussion on path extraction queries. Likewise  , the pattern-matching language in REFINE provides a powerful unification facility   , but this appears to be undecidable—no published results are available about the expressive power of its pattern-matching language. We integrated Mathematica8 into our system  , to perform pattern matching on the equations and identify occurrences within a predefined set of patterns. On the other hand  , our pattern matching approach is more suitable for determining supporting documents and is therefore the preferable approach for answer projection. Concept assignment is semantic pattern matching in the application domain  , enabling the engineer to search the underlying code base for program fragments that implement a concept from the application domain. Traditional pattern-matching languages such as PERL get " hopelessly long-winded and error prone " 5   , when used for such complex tasks. We compute each input sentence's pattern matching weight by using Equation 6. Option −w means searching for the pattern expression as a word. For example  , the pattern language for Java names allows glob-style wildcards  , with " * " matching a letter sequence and "  ? " The recognition module of person's name  , place  , organization and transliteration is more complex. This method requires users to learn specific query language to input query " pattern " and also requires to predefine many patterns manually in advance. Pattern induction   , in contrast  , is intended as detecting the regularities in an ontology  , seeking recurring patterns. The pattern was initially mounted on a tripod and arbitrarily placed in front of the stereo head Fig. At the end of this pattern-matching operation  , each element of the structure is associated with a set of indexing terms which are then stored in the indexing base. While it is easy to imagine uses of pattern matching primitives in real applications  , such as search engines and text mining tools  , rank/select operations appear uncommon. By adopting regular expressions as types  , they could include rich operations over types in their type structure  , and that made it possible to capture precisely the behavior of pattern matching over strings in their type system. Basic pattern matching now considers quadruples and it annotates variable assignments from basic matches with atomic statements from S and variable assignments from complex matches with Boolean formulae F ∈ F over S . However  , we assume that the structure is flat for some operations on pattern-matching queries  , which would not be applicable if the structure was not flat. The conceptual definition of pattern matching implies finding the existence of parent node such that when evaluating XPath P with that parent node as a context node yields the result containing the testing node to which template is applicable. A pattern matched in a relevant web page counts more than one matched in a less relevant one. The result of unsupervised pattern learning through PRF is a set of soft patterns as presented in Section 2 Step 3a. As discussed in Section 5  , the size is strongly related to the selectivity . We believe that much information about patterns can be retrieved by analyzing the names of identifiers and comments. Once the pattern tree match has occurred we must have a logical method to access the matched nodes without having to reapply a pattern tree matching or navigate to them. The triple pattern matching operator transforms RDF statements into SPARQL solutions. The XPath P used in the pattern matching of a template can have multiple XPath steps with predicates. We have developed an alternative method based on auxiliary data constructs: condition pattern relations and join pattern relations Segev & Zhao  , 1991a. Semantic pattern discovery aims to relate the data item slots in Pm to the data components in the user-defined schema. This is a type of template matching methodology  , where the search region is 1074 examined for a match between the observed pattern and the expected template  , stored in the database. Some sentiment patterns define the target and its sentiment explicitly. In a recent survey 19   , methods of pattern matching on graphs are categorized into exact and inexact matching. We mainly focus on matching similar shapes. The semantics of SPARQL is defined as usual based on matching of basic graph patterns BGPs  , more complex patterns are defined as per the usual SPARQL algebra and evaluated on top of basic graph pattern matching  , cf. Recognizing the oosperm and the micro tube is virtually a matching problem. Distributed graph pattern matching. Answering these queries amounts to the task of graph pattern matching  , where subgraphs in the data graph matching the query pattern are returned as results. We assume that the answer patterns in our pattern matching approach express the desired semantic relationship between the question and the answer and thus a document that matches one of the patterns is likely to be supportive . Pleft_seq|SP L  and Pright_seq|SP R  give the probabilistic pattern matching scores of the left and right sequences of the instance  , given the corresponding soft pattern SP matching models. Unknown viruses applying this technique are even more difficult to detect. As an enhanced version of the self-encrypting virus  , a polymorphic virus was designed to avoid any fixed pattern. In Snowball  , the generated patterns are mainly based on keyword matching. Our pattern matching approach uses textual patterns to classify and interpret questions and to extract answers from text snippets. Patterns for answer extraction are learned from question-answer pairs using the Web as a resource for pattern retrieval. p i and sq i are the index of pattern and sequence respectively  , indicating from where the further matching starts. These approaches focus on analyzing one-shot data points to detect emergent events. In order to identify the list of instructions to re-evaluate  , a pattern matching is performed on the entire re-evaluation rules set. Missing components or sequences in a model compared to an otherwise matching pattern are classed as " incomplete " . Input rule files are compiled into a graph representation and a depth first search is performed to see if a certain token starts a pattern match. This way  , when no pattern has been successfully validated  , the system returns NIL as answer. A pattern matching program was developed to identify the segments of the text that match with each pattern. In other words  , a précis pattern comprises a kind of a " plan " for collecting tuples matching the query and others related to them. The max-error criterion specifies the maximum number of insertion errors allowed for pattern matching. In more recent systems  , Lucene  , a high-performance text retrieval library  , is often deployed for more sophisticated index and searching capability. This includes: word matching  , pattern matching and wildcards  , stemming  , relevance ranking  , and mixed mode searchmg text  , numeric  , range  , date. This system employs two novel ideas related to generic answer type matching using web counts and web snippet pattern matching. A simpler  , faster subset of this approach is to perform pattern matching based on features. We choose pattern matching as our baseline technique in the toolkit  , because it can be easily customized to distill information for new types of entities and attributes. Although surface text pattern matching is a simple method  , it is very effective and accurate to answering specific types of ques- tions. In addition   , system supports patterns combining exact matching of some of their parts and approximate matching of other parts  , unbounded number of wild cards  , arbitrary regular expressions  , and combinations  , exactly or allowing errors. The techniques of unanchored mode operation  , sub-pattern matching   , 'don't care' symbols  , variable precursor position anchoring and selective anchoring as described for a single cascade can be extended to this twodimensional pattern matching device. We adopted existing code for SQL cross-matching queries 2 and added a special xmatch pattern to simplify queries. However automatic pattern extraction can introduce errors and syntactic dependency matching can lead to incorrect answers too. Because matching is based on predicates  , DARQ currently only supports queries with bound predicates. It is widely used for retrieving RDF data because RDF triples form a graph  , and graph patterns matching subgraphs of this graph can be specified as SPARQL queries. Answer extraction methods applied are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . δ represents a tunable parameter to favor either the centroid weight or the pattern weight. Instructions associated to a pattern that matches that node need to be re-evaluated. We call all the sessions supporting a pattern as its support set. None of these tools are integrated with an interactive development environment  , nor do they provide scaffolding for transformation construction. However  , developers have to write these pattern specifications as an overlay on the underlying code. Rather the twig pattern is matched as a whole due to sequence transformation. We use a pattern-matching module to recognize those OODs with fixed structure pattern  , such as money  , date  , time  , percentage and digit. To demonstrate the flexibility and the potential of the LOTUS framework  , we performed retrieval on the query " graph pattern " . Existing tools like RepeatMasker 12 only solve the problem of pattern matching  , rather than pattern discovery without prior knowledge. Three classes of matching schemes are used for the detection of patterns namely the state-  , the velocity-and the frequency-matching. That is  , the specific pattern-matching mechanism has to influence only that application context. We expect melodic pattern matching to involve what we call " complex traversal " of streamed data. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . The pattern matching problem in IE tasks are formally the same as definition sentence retrieval. The merit of template matching is that it is tolerant to noise and flexible about template pattern. Many commercially available anti-virus programs apply a detection system based on the " pattern signature matching " or " scanner " method. The results of the pattern-matching are also linguistically normalized  , i.e. The prototypes of data objects must be considered during entity matching to find patterns. Applicability in an Epoq optimizer is similar in function to pattern-matching and condition-matching of left-hand sides in more traditional rule-based optimizers. With the manual F 3 measure  , all three soft pattern models perform significantly better than the baseline p ≤ 0.01. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search  , and syntactic dependency matching . 9  , originally used for production rule systems  , is an efficient solution to the facts-rules pattern matching problem. As mentioned above  , the pattern should skip this substring and start a new matching step. Besides the detection and localization of a neural pattern  , the comparison and matching of the observed pattern to a set of templates is another interesting question 18. They also discuss the subtlety we mention in Sec. Presence of modes allows different templates to be chosen when the computation arrives on the same node. Only the basic pattern matching has been changed slightly. As mentioned previously  , we adopt VERT for pattern matching. Later on  , standard IR techniques have been used for this task. Backtracking moves to the next breakpoint fget or the next visible variable current-var. This paper focuses on the ranking model. A question chunk  , expected by certain slots  , is assigned in question pattern matching. ANSWER indicates the expected answer. The basic cell for all pattern matching operations is shown in Figure 19.2. Wiki considers the Wikipedia redirect pairs as the candidates. Encounters green are generated using a camera on the quadrotor to detect the checkerboard pattern on the ground robot and are refined by scan matching. In order to avoid this drawback  , we implemented a new module of text-independent user identification based on pattern matching techniques. The center coordinates of iris are estimated from each model that is estimated its location by pattern matching. proposed an inverse string matching technique that finds a pattern between two strings that maximizes or minimizes the number of mis- matches 1 . They analyze the text of the code for patterns which the programmer wants to find. Haack and Jeffrey 6 discuss their pattern-matching system in the context of the Spi-calculus. We discuss our method of soft pattern generalization and matching in the next section. The pages that can be extracted at least one object are regarded as object pages. A new technique is required to handle the grouping operation in queries. The value which is determined by pattern matching is DataC KK the server's public key for the signature verification . This information is then logically combined into the proof obligations. Tuples are anonymous  , thus their removal takes place through pattern matching on the tuple contents. The Concern Manipulation Environment CME supports its own pattern-matching language for code querying. The instrumentation is based on rules for pattern-matching and is thus independent of the actual application. Siena is an event notification architecture . There have been many studies on this problem. To tackle this problem  , other musical features e.g. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and definition pattern matching. Perfect match is not always guaranteed. Our patterns are flexible -note that the example and matched sentences have somewhat different trees. Therefore  , the triple pattern matching operator must be placed in a plan before any of the following operators. For every pattern tp i in query Q  , a sorted access sa i retrieves matching triples in descending score order. The argument can be any expression of antecedent operators and concepts and text. Thereby  , the amount of informa3. For the first run  , definition-style answers were obtained with KMS definition pattern-matching routines as described. Only patterns with score greater than some empirically determined threshold are applied in pattern matching. Pattern considers the words matching the patterns extracted from the original query as candidates.  ls: lightly stemmed words  , obtained by using pattern matching to remove common prefixes and suffixes. As an example  , consider the problem of pattern matching with electrocardiograms. Autonomous robots may exhibit similar characteristics. The reason is the handling of pattern matching in the generated Java code with trivially true conditional statements. A search token is a sequence of characters defining a pattern for matching linguistic tokens. Xcerpt's pattern matching is based on simulation unification. We do not present an exhaustive case study. It can extract facts of a certain given relation from Web documents. Second  , po boils down to " pattern matching  , " which is a major function of today's page-based search engine. Through training  , each pattern is assigned the probability that the matching text contains the correct answer. Stream slot filling is done by pattern matching documents with manually produced patterns for slots of interest. We have reviewed the newly-adopted techniques in our QA system. -relevance evaluation  , which allows ordering of answers. These patterns were automatically mined from web and organized by question type. Similar to the twig query  , we can also define matching twig patterns on a bisimulation graph of an XML tree. The searching trajectory can be designed intentionally to ease detection of such features. The template of a character is represented by a dot pattern on the 50*50 grid.  s: aggressively stemmed words  , found using the Sebawai morphological analyzer. The generated file is used for programming of FPGA and pattern matching. The general idea behind the approach is pattern matching. Researchers using genetic data frequently are interested in finding similar sequences. Pattern matching has been used in a number of applications . Pattern matching tools help the programmer with the task of chunking. The representation for data objects and their relationships with each other is a relational data base with a pattern-matching access mechanism. A more likely domain/range restriction enhances the candidate matching. Cossette and colleagues 9 used a pattern matching approach to link artifacts among languages. Application designers can exploit the programmability of the tuple spaces in different ways. Replace performs pattern matching and substitution and is available in the SIR with 32 versions that contain seeded faults. Feasible ? Implementation We have developed a prototype tool for coverage refinement . Other languages for programming cryptographic protocols also contain this functionality. In this paper we are only interested in SPARQL CONSTRUCT queries. The result is empty  , if negatively matched statements are known to be negative. Additionally  , a classifier approach is more difficult to evaluate and explain results. Two sets of rules are developed to generate numbers and entities  , respectively. Proposals for pattern-matching operators are of little use unless indices can be defined to permit . Blank nodes have to be associated with values during pattern matching similiar to variables. it changes the schema of the contained elements. The Entrez Gene database and MeSH database were used for query expansion. In their most general forms these ope~'a~ors are somewhat problematic. Pattern matching approaches are widely used because of their simplicity. attack or legitimate activity  , according to the IDS model. Definition 15 Basic Graph Pattern Matching. Our context consistency checking allows any data structure for context descriptions. for a minimal functional language with string concatenation and pattern matching over strings 23. Definition 5.4 Complex graph pattern matching. Normal frames with a hea.der pattern can be used for both matching and inheritance . However  , header patterns of those frames cannot be inherited -only their cases. Thus  , pattern mining that relies solely on matching type names for program entities would not work. Since the combinator used in the event pattern is or  , matching el is sufficient to trigger the action . It was shown in the PRIX system 17  that the above encoding supports ordered twig pattern matching efficiently. In order to print matches and present the results in root-to-leaf order  , we extended the mechanism proposed by 5. For example  , tree pattern matching has also been extensively studied in XML stream environment 7  , 15 . due to poor lighting conditions  , reflections or dust. Similarly  , the *PARAGRAPH* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single paragraph. The liberty to choose any feature detector is the advantage of this method. Basically  , SPARQL rests on the notion of graph pattern matching. Triple Pattern Matching. The relative calibration between the rigs is achieved automatically via trajectory matching. Otherwise  , if no graph pattern from C matches  , the source graph pattern P represents graphs that can be transformed into unsafe graphs by applying r  , and If a graph pattern from C matches the source graph pattern  , the application of r is either irrelevant  , as the source graph pattern already represents a forbidden state  , or impossible   , because it is preempted by another matching rule with higher priority. Note that one image-pattern neuron is added at every training point and the target's pose at that point is stored in conjunction with the image-pattern neuron for use later. We explicitly declare the pattern type i.e. The idea is to model  , both the structure of the database and the query a pattern on structure  , as trees  , to find an embedding of the pattern into the database which respects the hierarchical relationships between nodes of the pattern. To avoid such an overhead  , each time a pattern is converted from an expression  , the expression's instruction is added to the re-evaluation rules that include the new pattern. After experimenting with several structural pattern languages based on text  , we discovered that any moderately sophisticated tern quickly becomes difficult to understand. We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. Therefore  , a reasonable role-based identification is to assign the role pattern correlation matrix F R 1 ,2 which is the most similar to the one C We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. Standard pruning is straightforward and can be accomplished simply by hashing atomsets into bins of suhstructures based on the set of mining bonds. A pattern describes what will be affected by the transformation; an action describes the replacement for every matching instance of the pattern in the source code. Given the fact that a question pattern usually share few common words with each perspective  , we can hardly build effective matching models based on word-level information. This year  , we further incorporated a new answer extraction component Shen and Lapata  , 2007 by capturing evidence of semantic structure matching. Approximate string matching 16 is an alternative to exact string matching  , where one textual pattern is matched to another while still allowing a number of errors. Especially with unpitched sources  , we expect that searching for a melody will be complex  , not simply a matter of literal string matching. The purpose of using such hard matching patterns in addition to soft matching patterns is to capture those well-formed definition sentences that are missed due to the imposed cut-off of ranking scores by soft pattern matching and centroid-based weighting. Each time cgrep returns matching strings  , they are removed from the document representation and the procedure is repeated with the same phrase. The exact matching requires a total mapping from query nodes to data nodes  , i.e. To perform a matching operation with respect to a contiguous word phrase  , two approaches are possible. The straightforward solution  , which recursively Figure 3: Tree-pattern matching by subsequence matching identifies matches for each node within the query sequence in order  , requires quadratic time in the document size and therefore becomes not competitive. For example  , if OOPDTool detects an instance of the FactoryMethod design pattern  , it would detect not only the presence of this pattern in the design but also all classes corresponding to the Abstract Creator  , Concrete Creator  , Abstract Product  , and Concrete Product participants found in this design pattern instance. The problem of mining graph-structured data has received considerable attention in recent years  , as it has applications in such diverse areas as biology  , the life sciences  , the World Wide Web  , or social sciences. Results The data are summarized in Table 1   , which gives totals for each pattern/scope combination  , and in Fig- ure 4  , which graphs the totals for each pattern and scope examples not matching any pattern are grouped under UNKNOWN. The problem of finding the top-k lightest loopless path  , matching a pre-specified pattern  , is NP-hard and furthermore   , simple heuristics and straightforward approaches are unable to efficiently solve the problem in real time see Section 2.3. We have adopted a " query language " approach  , using a well understood  , expressively limited  , relatively compact query language; with GENOA  , if an analyzer is written strictly using the sublanguage Qgenoa  , the complexity is guaranteed to be polynomial. The idea proposed in 9  is to compile XSLT <applytemplates/> instruction into a combination of XQuery's conditional expressions where the expression conditions literally model the template pattern matching and the expression bodies contain function calls that invoke the corresponding XQuery function that translated from the XSLT template. If the pattern has a 'don't care' symbol  , then the cell should essentially perform a 'unit stage delay' function to propagate the match signal from the previous stage to the next stage. For example  , if we know that the label " 1.2.3.4 " presents the path " a/b/c/d "   , then it is quite straightforward to identify whether the element matches a path pattern e.g. " We have already mentioned bug pattern matchers 10  , 13  , 27: tools that statically analyze programs to detect specific bugs by pattern matching the program structure to wellknown error patterns. Self-encrypting and polymorphic viruses were originally devised to circumvent pattern-matching detection by preventing the virus generating a pattern. Exact queries in Aranea are generated by approximately a dozen pattern matching rules based query terms and their part-of-speech tags; morpho-lexical pattern matches trigger the creation of reformulated exact queries. We describe one such optimization in this paper  , which is called pattern indexing and is based on the observation that a document typically matches just a relatively small set of patterns. Annotated Pattern Trees accept edge matching specifications that can lift the restriction of the traditional oneto-one relationship between pattern tree node and witness tree node. This method creates a definition of length N by taking the The extracted partial syntax-tree pattern contains Figure 2: Pattern extraction and matching for a Genus-Species sentence from an example sentence. first N unique sentences out of this sorted order  , and serves as the TopN baseline method in our evaluation . In 1  , we came to the conclusion that the pattern matching approach suffers from a relatively low recall because the answer patterns are often too specific. Higher-level problems  , including inconsistency  , incompleteness and incorrectness can be identified by comparing the semi-formal model to the Essential interaction pattern and to the " best practice " examples of EUC interaction pattern templates. Given a back-point βintv  , p index  , the uncertain part of sequence S is the sequence segment S i that is inside β.intv  , while the pattern segment P i   , which is possibly involved in uncertain matching  , could be any pattern segment starting from β.p index. For example  , the head-and-shoulder pattern consists of a head point  , two shoulder points and a pair of neck points. Such tools do not generate concrete test cases and often result in spurious warnings  , due to the unsoundness of the modeling of language semantics. A straightforward way to solve the top-k lightest paths problem is to enumerate all paths matching the given path pattern and pick the top-k lightest paths. Therefore  , we need to convert a triple pattern into a set of coordinates in data space  , using the same hash functions that we used for index creation  , to obtain coordinates for a given RDF triple. Section 3 describes the architecture of our definition generation system  , including details of our application of PRF to automatically label the training data for soft pattern generalization. It also became clear that developers want to use high-level structural concepts e.g. A rewrite rule is a double grafting transformation consisting of a tree pattern T also called " the lefthand side "  and advice Γ that is applied to the source at all locations where T matches. The worst case scenario would be for the optimizer to not incorporate sorting into the pattern tree match and apply it afterwards. Pattern matching deal with two problems  , the graph isomorphism problem that has a unknown computational complexity  , and the subgraph isomorphism problem which is NP-complete. One aspect of our work extends CPPL to include match statements that perform pattern matching. We assume that XML documents are tokenized by a languagedependent tokenizer to identify linguistic tokens. Leila is a state-ofthe-art system that uses pattern matching on natural language text. Third  , template parameters  , as opposed to XQuery function parameters   , may be optional. A session S supports a pattern P if and only if P is a subsequence of S not violating string matching constraint. They hence can be pushed to be executed in the navigation pattern matching stage for deriving variable bindings. Nevertheless  , CnC possibly suffers more than bug pattern matching tools in this regard because it has no domain-specific or context knowledge. With the use of AI techniques for semantic pattern matching  , it may be possible to build a relatively successful library manager. In IntelliJ IDEA  , there is a facility called Structural Search and Replace that enables limited transformations by pattern matching on the syntax tree. The pattern-matching techniques  , such as PMD  , are unsound but scale well and have been effectively employed in industry. Patterns were originally developed to capture recurring solutions to design and coding prob- lems 12 . Furthermore   , it allows for restriction of the query domain  , similar to context definitions in SOQUET 8 . When a group of methods have similar names  , we summarize these methods as a scope expression using a wild-card pattern matching operator . Certain PREfast analyses are based on pattern matching in the abstract syntax tree of the C/C++ program to find simple programming mistakes. -bash-2.05>echo "test1 test test2" | grep -Fw test -bash-2.05> Option −F prescribes that the pattern expression is used as a string to perform matching. We have thus decided to combine navigational probing with FSMs and present a new method SINGLEDFA for this category. In a first step the name is converted to its unique SMILES representation: For each matching SMARTS pattern  , we set the corresponding bit to 1. Exact pattern matching in a suux tree involves one partial traversal per query.  We show the efficient coordination of queries spanning multiple peers. This paper has explored the integration of traditional database pattern matching operators and numeric scientific operators. These patterns  , such as looking for copular constructions and appositives  , were either hand-constructed or learned from a training corpus. The patterns used in ILQUA are automatically learned and extracted. However in some situations  , external knowledge is helpful  , the challenge here is how to acquire and apply external knowledge. The what questions that are classified by patterns are in Table  ? For query generation  , we modify verb constructions with auxiliaries that differ in questions and corresponding answers  , e.g. " The system then builds semantic representation for both the question and the selected sentences. We found that 12 ,006 reports had one visit associated while 2 ,387 of the reports had more than or equal to 10 visits. Besides generating seed patterns  , the Pattern Matching method also relies on the ability of tagging the words correctly. An example of the pattern matching operation is shown in Figure 19 The 'anchor' input line could be pulsed with arrival of every text character  , in which case the operations will take place in the 'unanchored' mode. This occurs because  , during crawling  , only the links matching the regular expression in the navigation pattern are traversed. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. When certain characters are found in an argument  , they cause replacement of that argument by a sorted list of zero or more file names obtained by pattern-matching on the contents of directories. Most characters match themselves. In general  , mining specifications through pattern matching produces a large result set. Previous work 10  , 18  , 25 on mining alternating specifications has largely focused on developing efficient ranking and selection mechanisms . For the first matching pattern  , the exception handler of that catch block is executed. No matching pattern indicates that PAR cannot generate a successful patch for a bug since no fix template has appropriate editing scripts. Word expert parsers 77  seem particularly suitable ; the TOPIC system employs one to condense information from article abstracts into frames 39. In particular  , there are two sets of rules predicates which work together to identify the set of successor tasks. EDITOR is a procedural language 4 for extraction and restructuring of text from arbitrary documents. by embedding meta data with RDFa. outline preliminaries in Sect. The deletion of triples also removes the knowledge that has been inferred from these triples. Relevant datasets are selected using the predicate-matching method  , that a triple pattern is assigned to datasets that contains its predicate. There is often not much texture in indoor man-made environments for high coverage dense stereo matching. Accordingly  , it is able to localize points more precisely even if an image is suffering from noise. On the other hand  , pattern matching method performs directly on original image. We use a method  , which is based on binary morphological operation  , to recognize the micro tube. During the preliminary system learning two binary images are formed fig. Also  , this method can be accelerated using hierarchical methods like in the pattern matching approach. Biological swarm members often exhibit behavioral matching based on the localized group's pattern  , such that behaviors are synchronized 4. Figure 9shows an interesting inversed staircase pattern due to the reverse presentation order. Our second major enhancement to traditional parallel coordinates visualization allows the user to query shapes based on approximate pattern matching. However  , conversations are bound to evolve in different conversational patterns  , leading to a progressive decay in the matching ambiguity. SA first identifies the T-expression  , and tries to find matching sentiment patterns. Note that figures 7 and 8 represent matching results of the sequences grouped into the same cluster. To determine relevant sources we first need to identify the region in data space that contains all possible triples matching the pattern. It matches the exact source code fragment selected by the user and all the other source code fragments that are textually similar to the selection whitespace and comments are ignored by the pattern matcher. For example  , the proximity function can be evaluated by keeping track of the word count in relation to specified set of pattern matches. The elementary graph pattern is called a basic graph pattern BGP; it is a set of triple patterns which are RDF triples that may contain variables at the subject  , predicate  , and object position. The C-SPARQL 1 extension enabled the registration of continuous SPARQL queries over RDF streams  , thus  , bridging data streams with knowledge bases and enabling stream reasoning. Two important types of patterns are the value change pattern and the failure pattern. Basic quadruple pattern matching is not directly applicable  , if an expression " GRAPH γ " appears outside a complex triple pattern . These potential problems are highlighted to the engineer using visual annotations on the EUC model elements. In terms of CASE tools support  , we are testing a few mechanisms that allow generation of constraints for pattern verification as well as matching rules for pattern recovery given a UML design model. This model can represent insertion  , deletion and framing errors as well as substitution errors. Then extracted sentences are scanned  , detecting the constructs matching the template < person1 >< pattern >< person2 > such as <Barack Obama><and his rival><John McCain>  , using a person names dictionary and a sliding window with a pattern length of three words. To reduce noise in the data we exclude pairs with identical names and discard overly long sentences and patterns. The individual right that the teacher Martin holds  , allowing him to reproduce an excerpt of the musical piece during a lesson  , is derived from the successful matching between the instances describing the intended action and the instances describing the pattern. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. Thus in the experiments below  , for the target set any attribute value that is not specifically of interest as specified by the target pattern retains its original value for determining matching rules. 3 Many research works for the repeating patterns have been on an important subtype: the tandem repeats 10  , where repeating copies occur together in the sequence. The matching degree is calculated in two parts. On the other hand  , the pattern in Figure 2a will not capture all resale activities due to the limitation of using the single account matching. Nevertheless  , such pattern matching is well supported in current engines  , by using inverted lists– our realization can build upon similar techniques. For example   , one cannot constrain the matching of events that logically match various parts of the same event pattern to those events that were generated by the same user or on the same machine. Nevertheless  , we anticipate that pattern-matching operations on NEUMES data as distinct from literal string matching will be required during melodic search and comparison operations. Incorporating individual slots' probabilities enables the bigram model to allow partial matching  , which is a characteristic of soft pattern matching. In other words  , even if some slots cannot be matched  , the bigram model can still yield a high match score by combining those matched slots' unigram probabilities. If no handler is found in the whole call stack  , the exception handler mechanism either propagates a general exception or the program is terminated. In LOTUS  , query text is approximately matched to existing RDF literals and their associated documents and IRI resources Req1. To train these semantic matching models  , we need to collect three training sets  , formed by pairs of question patterns and their true answer type/pseudopredicate/entity pairs. The tool implementation of MATA has been extended to include matching of any fragments using AGG as the back-end graph rule execution engine.  The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. Rose starts by invoking a traditional pattern matching and lexicon based information extraction engine. Techniques were used for query expansion  , tokenization  , and eliminating results due solely to matching an acronym on the query side with an acronymic MeSH term. However the matching is not straightforward because of the two reasons. Consider a software system that is modeled by its inheritance and containment graphs  , and the task is to analyze how many instances of the design pattern Composite are used in the design of the system. During the training session  , the above extraction pattern is applied to the web page and the first table matching the pattern is returned as the web clip. This is presented to the user by Figure 4: Training session highlighting the clipped element with a blue border. Therefore  , in the following components we treat URLs matching with each pattern as a separate source of information. If a sample graph vertex label matches the pattern but is not correctly mapped to the model graph vertex then the fitness of the projection is reduced. Matching of a substantial part of an extracted EUC model to an EUC pattern indicates potential incompleteness and/or incorrectness at the points of deviation from the pattern. As part of an earlier task on a system that supported the visualization of object connections in a distributed system  , the subject had implemented a locking mechanism to allow only one method of an object to execute at one time. 3 In case some attributes are non-nullable  , we use SET DEFAULT to reset attributes values to their default value. Certainly  , if the lexicon is available in main memory it can be scanned using normal pattern rnatching techniques to locate partially specified terms. Each of the rewriting patterns contains a * symbol  , which encodes the required position of the answer in the text with respect to the pattern. In the next section  , we will see that estimating the intended path from an incomplete sequence of the subject's motion even after it is started holds technical utility. Each fragment matching a triple pattern fragment is divided into pages  , each page contains 100 triples. Thus  , by saving the 3D edge identifiers in dlata points of a CP pattern  , correspondence between the model edges and the image edges can be obtained after matching. This is done without any overhead in the procedure of counting conditional databases. Pattern-based approaches  , on the other hand  , represent events as spatio-temporal patterns in sensor readings and detect events using efficient pattern matching techniques. In the first case  , the Triplify script searches a matching URL pattern for the requested URL  , replaces potential placeholders in the associated SQL queries with matching parts in the request URL  , issues the queries and transforms the returned results into RDF cf. Moreover   , the advantage of using this software and pattern is to eliminate human-introduced errors in the selection and matching of points. A truly robust solution needs to include other techniques  , such as machine learning applied to instances  , natural language technology  , and pattern matching to reuse known matches. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate sentences or passages and a list of named entities are generated as answer candidate. For each subphrase in the list we use cgrep – a pattern matching program for extracting minimal matching strings Clarke 1995 to extract the minimal spans of text in the document containing the subphrase. In addition to weighting the importance of matching data in the high-information regions  , it would also be appropriate to weight the most current data more strongly. Characteristics of projective transformation is also utilized to perform correspondences between two coordinate systems and to extract points. The pattern matching for the rules is done by recursive search with optimisations  , such as identifying an optimal ordering for the evaluation of the rules and patterns. Like ML  , it has important features such as pattern matching and higher-order functions  , while allowing the use of updatable references. The advantages of this type of programming language in compiler-like tools is well-known 1. XOBE is an extension of Java  , which does support XPath expressions  , but subtyping is structural. But they cannot combine data streams with evolving knowledge  , and they cannot perform reasoning tasks over streaming data. Secondly  , having a more accurate selection in an incremental transformation allows minimizing the instructions that need to be re-evaluated. Clearly  , video indexing is complex and many factors influence both how people select salient segments. The Jena graph implementation for non-inference in-memory models supports the look-up for the number of triples matching either a subject  , a predicate or an object of a triple pattern. 630 where Φ 1 and Φ 2 are relations representing variable assignments and their annotations. In standard SPARQL query forms  , such as SE- LECT and CONSTRUCT  , allow to specify how resulting variable bindings or RDF graphs  , respectively  , are formed based on the solutions from graph pattern matching 15 . We proposed VERT  , to solve these content problems   , by introducing relational tables to index values. In addition to the data provided by Zimmermann et al. The argument p is often called a template  , and its fields contain either actuals or formals. In the literature " approximate string matching " also refers to the problem of finding a pattern string approximately in a text. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. At each point  , partial or total pattern matching is performed  , depending on the existing partial matches and the current node. Thus  , treating a Web repository as an application of a text retrieval system will support the " document collection " view. The set of common attributes is preconfigured as domain knowledge  , which is used in attribute matching as well. A large body of work in combinatorial pattern matching deals with problems of approximate retrieval of strings 2  , 11. We designed our method for databases and files where records are stored once and searched many times. In the general computer science literature  , pattern matching is among the fundamental problems with many prominent contributions 4 . Surface text pattern matching has been adopted by some researchers Ravichandran & Hovy 2002  , Soubbotin 2002 in building QA system during the last few years. ple sentence to pattern  , and then shows a matching sentence. From all these images  , the software mentioned above detected matching points on the calibration pattern for each pan and tilt configuration. Most current models of the emotion generation or formation are focused on the cognitive aspects. Systems like EP-SPARQL 4 define pattern matching queries through a set of primitive operators e.g. Thus question answering cannot be reduced to mere pattern matching  , but requires firstorder theorem proving. Further  , research methods and contextual relations are identified using a list of identified indicator phrases. More like real life.. pattern matching using the colours can be used for quicker reference. " In parallel  , semantic similarity measures have been developed in the field of information retrieval  , e.g. First  , the new documents are parsed to extract information matching the access pattern of the refined path. We compared the labels sizes of four labeling schemes in Table 2. Finally  , K query partitions are created by assigning the queries in the i th bucket of any pattern to query partition i. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 To accomplish creation of inventory on future patterns   , a trigger as implemented in DBAL is defined . It entails a match step to find all rules with a context pattern matching the current context. Building on the suffix array   , it also incorporates ideas embedded in the Burrows-Wheeler transform. This restriction is not essential  , since those pattern-matching expressions could perfectly well generate a nested structure. Given an external concept  , we perform a pattern matching on the thesaurus  , made of the following operations : a-1 inclusion step : We look for a thesaurus item i.e a clique which includes the given group. The resulting fingerprint for Sildenafil is 1100. Therefore  , it is effective in giving the number n of unmatched characters permitted on pattern matching. Thus  , the larger the text collection is  , the greater the probability that simple pattern matching techniques will yield the correct answer. A considerable number of NEs of person  , organization and location appear in texts with no obvious surface patterns to be captured. We used pattern matching to extract and normalize this information. We have plans on generating classifiers for slot value extraction purposes. This automatic slot filling system contains three steps. In evaluations  , we only vary the definition pattern matching module while holding constant all other components and their parameters. Additionally  , ultrasonic diagnosis images were obtained for which pattern matching was performed to measure the virtual target position. Normally  , the For the detection of the same object rotated around the z-axis of the image plane  , the template has to be rotated and searched from scratch. Detection time with angle increment 6 5 5 varies between 2-4 seconds. In other words  , the object features used for pattern matching refer to the latter distribution. The generation of potential candidates i s performed by Prolog's pattern matching. Our stereo-vision system has been designed specifically for QRIO. Each sign is recognized by matching the operator's finger positions to the corresponding pattern acquired during calibration. Each of the 41 QA track runs ~ ,vas re-scored using the pattern matching judgments. However they are quite often used probably  , unconsciously! Consequently searches need to be based on similarity or analogy – and not on exact pattern-matching. The testing system of improved pre-decode pattern matching circuit is described in Figure 7. . which the other components on this level rely. Each size of the model of quadrangle  , each location of the pattern matching model  , and the location of the center of iris are established. An online pattern matching mechanism comparing the sensor stream to the entire library of already known contexts is  , however  , computational complex and not yet suitable for today's wearable devices. In general  , introducing uncertainty into pattern discovery in temporal event sequences will risk for the computational complexity problem. The time points are identified for the best matching of the segments with pattern templates. Second  , we allow for some degree of tolerance when we try to establish a matching between the vertex-coordinates of the pattern and its supporting transaction. Entity annotation systems  , datasets and configurations like experiment type  , matching or measure are implemented as controller interfaces easily pluggable to the core controller. Whenever a context change is detected  , the change is immediately examined to decide its influence on pat. words are mapped to their base forms thus completely solving the problem with the generation of plural forms. Unlike the approach presented in this paper  , PORE does not incorporate world knowledge  , which would be necessary for ontology building and extension. Most approaches applicable to our problem formulation use some form of pattern matching to identify definition sentences. In a similar fashion  , it keeps track of the provenance of all entities being retrieved in the projections getEntity. Similar to most existing approaches  , our information extractor can only be applied to web pages with uniform format. These techniques have also been used to extend WordNet by Wikipedia individuals 21 . Multi-level grouping can be efficiently supported in V ERT G . Traditional twig pattern matching techniques suffer from problems dealing with contents  , such as difficulty in data content management and inefficiency in performing content search. From a matching logic perspective  , unlike in other program verification logics  , program variables like root are not logical variables; they are simple syntactic constants. The generated pattern is concrete  , that is  , it contains no wildcards and no matching constraints. 31  , extracted the data from the Eclipse code repository and bug database and mapped defects to source code locations files using some heuristics based on pattern matching. The time overhead of event instrumentation and pattern matching is approximately 300 times to the program execution. Pattern matching checks the attributes of events or variables. -Named Entity analyzer uses language specific context-sensitive rules based on word features recognition pattern matching. Our approach combines a number of complementary technologies  , including information retrieval and various linguistic and extraction tools e.g. The weight of the matched sub-tree of a pattern is defined by the formula: For the evaluation of the importance of partially matching sub-trees we use a scoring scheme defined in Kouylekov and Tanev  , 2004. We describe herein a Web based pattern mining and matching approach to question answering. For the Streaming Slot Filling task  , our system achieved the goal of filling slots by employing a pattern learning and matching method. Instead of building a classifier we use pattern matching methods to find corresponding slot values for entities. The traditional method employed by PowerAnswer to extract nuggets is to execute a definition pattern matching module. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and then applies the soft-pattern model for matching these definition sentences. Also  , there is a need to find ways to integrate numberic matching into the soft pattern models. To facilitate pattern matching   , all verbs are replaced by their infinitives and all nouns by their singular forms. This subsection gives an overview of the basic ideas and describes recent enhancements to improve the recall of answer extraction. Graph matching has been a research focus for decades 2  , especially in pattern recognition  , where the wealth of literature cannot be exhausted. Yet usually  , there are many possible ways to syntactically express one piece of semantic information making a na¨ıvena¨ıve syntactic " pattern matching " approach problematic at best. Since they end with the word died  , we use pattern matching to remove them from the historic events. Automatic music summarization approaches can be classified into machine learning based approaches 1 ,2 ,3 and pattern matching based approaches 4 ,5 ,6. An interesting goal of an intelligent IRS may be to retrieve information which can be deduced from the basic knowledoe given by the thesaurus. Flexible parsing methods  , often based on pattern matching  , are of value in these situations 41. We take both patterns and test instances as sequences of lexical and syntactic tokens. When conducted on free texts  , an IE system can also suffer from various unseen instances not being matched by trained patterns. Here  , " Architecture " is an expression of the pattern-matching sublanguage. Other words in the question might be represented in the question by a synonym which will not be found by simple pattern matching. We have shown that a mixed algebra and type model can be used to perform algebraic specification and optimization of scientific computations. We describe a novel string pattern matching principle  , called n-gram search  , first proposed in preliminary form in 10. Using it for pattern matching promises much higher efficiency than using the original record. This is the biggest challenge of rewriting XSLT into XQuery. The rules with the highest weights then indicate the recommenders to be applied. The third interaction module that we implemented is a rhythmic phrase-matching improvisation module. Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. This ensures that there is no simple pattern  , such as the query always precisely matching the title of the page in question. Although we endeavored to keep queries short  , we did not sacrifice preciseness to do so. At the end of this phase  , the logical database subset has been produced. Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. Rule writing requires some knowledge of the JAPE pattern-matching lan- guage 11 and ANNIE annotations. In the Collocation matching activity  , students compete in pairs to match parts of a collocation pattern. Listing 1 shows an example query. Fig.5shows an example of model location setting on the basis of the inputted eye image. Then the position data are transmitted to each the satellite. For assessing pattern validity  , we use a simple measure based on the relative frequency of matching contexts in the context set. The procedure of creating start-point list is illustrated in Fig. Moreover  , patterns can only be determined from the unencrypted segment i.e. Others 51  , 32 can automatically infer rules by mining existing software; they raise warnings if violations of the rules occur. The first context instance in Figure 1has a matching relation with the first pattern in Figure 2.  We propose two optimizations based on semantic information like object and property  , which can further enhance the query performance. Thus at the end of initialization  , each tp-node has a BitMat associated with it which contains only the triples matching that triple pattern. In general we observed that a small but specific set of attributes are sufficient indicators of a navigational page. While Prolog is based on unification and backtracking  , B is based on a simple but powerful pattern-matching mechanism whose application is guided by tactics. The scope of these free variables is restricted to the rule where they appear just like for Prolog clauses. For example  , one instrumentation rule states " Measure the response time of all calls to JDBC " . Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed. Leading data structures utilized for this purpose are suffix trees 11 and suffix arrays 2. For brevity  , we have omitted most of the components used to support keyword queries. For example  , suppose an input text contains 20 desired data records  , and a maximal repeat that occurs 25 times enumerates 18 of them. In our work  , a rule-based approach using string pattern matching is applied to generate a set of features. 5  employed a simple method which defines several manuallyconstructed definition patterns to extract definition phrases. This definition of basic graph pattern matching treats positively matched statement patterns as in 4. For example  , the extended VarTrees and TagTrees of example Q1 and Q2 are depicted in Figure 6respectively. In reporting on KMS for TREC 2004  , we described in detail the major types of functions employed: XML  , linguistic  , dictionary  , summarization  , and miscellaneous string and pattern matching. A list of over 150 positive and negative precomputed patterns is loaded into memory. The composition of the patterns  , the testing methodology  , and the results  , are detailed in Fernandes  , 2004. It does not have natural language understanding capabilities  , but employs simple pattern matching and statistics. The idea of partial pattern matching is based on the assumption that the answer is usually surrounded by keywords and their synonyms. Geometric hashing 14 has been proposed aa a technique for fast indexing. The main difference is however  , that XSLT templates are activated as a result of dynamic pattern matching while XQuery functions are invoked explicitly. The strategy of the pattern-matching can be ruled by an action planner able to dynamically define partial goals to reach. The patterns are assumed to be always right-adjusted in each cascade. RDF triples can also be removed from the knowledge base by providing a statement pattern matching the triples to be deleted delete. This principle will be applied decoupling the functional properties from the non functional properties matching. The other extracts the structure in some way from the text parsing  , recognizing markup  , etc. We conduct a series of extrinsic experiments using the two soft pattern models on TREC definitional QA task test data. Definition pattern matching is the most important feature used for identifying definitions. Providing formal models for modeling contextual lexico-syntactic patterns is the main contribution of this work. In this paper  , we use correlation based pattern' matching to realize the recognition of the oosperm and micro tube in real time. We assume that the occurrence of significant patterns in nonchronological order is more likely to arise as a local phenomenon than a global one. The grep program searches one or more input files for lines containing a match to a specified pattern  , and prints out matching lines. We can therefore define the notion of a strand  , which is a set of substrings that share one same matching pattern. In the tradeoff between space and time  , most existing graph matching approaches assume static data graphs and hence prefer to pre-compute the transitive closure or build variablelength path indexes to trade space for efficient pattern matching. For instantiation   , we exploit an index as well as a pattern library that links properties with natural language predicates. The matching percentage is used because the pattern may contain only a portion of the data record. Pattern inflexibility: Whether using corpus-based learning techniques or manually creating patterns  , to our knowledge all previous systems create hard-coded rules that require strict matching i.e. Although such hard patterns are widely used in information extraction 10  , we feel that definition sentences display more variation and syntactic flexibility that may not be captured by hard patterns. In addition to surface text pattern matching  , we also adopt N-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate passages and a list of named entities are extracted as answer candidate. We empirically showed that these two search paradigms outperform other search techniques  , including the ones that perform exact matching of normalized expressions or subexpressions and the one that performs keyword search. The input sources include data from lexico-syntactical pattern matching  , head matching and subsumption heuristics applied to domain text. Afterwards  , the location of eye can be measured by detecting a agreement part with the paltern matching model in the eye image input. In this paper  , we have proposed  , designed and implemented a pattern matching NIDS based on CIDF architecture and mature intrusion detection technology  , and presented the detailed scheme and frame structure. In a first pilot study 71  , we determined whether the tasks have suitable difficulty and length. The relationship between context instances and patterns is called the matching relation  , which is mathematically represented by the belong-to set operator . PORE is a holistic pattern matching approach  , which has been implemented for relation-instance extraction from Wikipedia. With that improvement one can still write filenames such as *.txt. The matching problem is then defined as verifying whether GS is embedded in GP or isomorphic to one or more subgraphs of GP . The restriction of axes in XSLT has been introduced for performance reasons and the goal was to allow efficient pattern matching. In the following  , we give some formulas in order to perform pattern matching between expressions and patterns. Each URL not matching any patterns is regarded as a single pattern. These approaches use information extraction technologies that include pattern matching  , natural-language parsing  , and statistical learning 25  , 9  , 4  , 1  , 23  , 20  , 8 . In order to define these two functions we need the statistics defined in Table 1 . It is less restrictive than subgraph isomorphism  , and can be determined in quadratic time 16. That also explains why many twig pattern matching techniques  , e.g. For example  , we use the POS tag sequence between the entity pairs as a candidate extraction pattern. KIM has a rule-based  , human-engineered IE system  , which uses the ontology structure during pattern matching and instance disambiguation. In order to express extractions of parts of the messages a pattern matching approach is chosen. 2 Specification based on set-theoretic notations. Seven propositions  , or " patterns " in were found. In typical document search  , it is also commonly used– e.g. Our FiST system matches twig patterns holistically using the idea of encoding XML documents and twig patterns into Prüfer sequences 17. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. Since the automata model was originally designed for matching patterns over strings  , it is a natural paradigm for structural pattern retrieval on XML token streams 7  , 8  , 4. Then  , this information is encoded as an Index Fabric key and inserted into the index. Users can request creation of a track by giving patterns for instrument names. The algebraic properties of AS allow us to quickly calculate the AS of an n-gram from the CAS encoded record. To achieve this goal we should re-formulate queries avoiding " redundant " conditions. This allows us to detect if the equation contains certain types of common algebraic structures . Here  , pattern matching can be considered probabilistic generation of test sequences based on training sequences. Previously  , a list of over 200 positive and negative pre-computed patterns was loaded into memory. We rely on hand-crafted pattern-matching rules to identify the main headings  , in order to build different indices and allow for field-based search. To identify the target of a question  , pattern matching is applied to assign one of the 18 categories to the question. In order to compare to DBSCAN  , we only use the number of points here since DBSCAN can only cluster points according to their spatial location. Moreover  , DBSCAN requires a human participant to determine the global parameter Eps. DBSCAN parameters were set to match the expected point density of the bucket surface. Basically  , DBSCAN is based on notion of density reachability. DBSCAN must set Eps large enough to detect some clusters. proposed the Incremental-DBSCAN in 2. introduced an incremental version of DBSCAN 10. DBSCAN makes use of an R* tree to achieve good performance. The authors illustrate that DBSCAN can be used to detect clusters of any shape and can outperform CLARANS by a large margin up to several orders of magnitude. In DBSCAN a cluster is defined as a set of densely-connected points controlled by  which maximize density-reachability and must contain at least M inP ts points. Since a cluster in DBSCAN contains at least one core object  , MinP ts also defines the minimum number of objects in a cluster. DBSCAN has two parameters: Eps and MinPts. K to approximate the result of DBSCAN. The value that results in the best performance is shown in the graphs for DBSCAN. It uses R*-tree to achieve better performance. The consolidated stoppage points are subsequently clustered using a modified DBSCAN technique to get the identified truck stops. Clusters are then formed based on these concepts. 14  recently analyze places and events in a collection of geotagged photos using DBSCAN. DBSCAN expands a cluster C as follows. On the flip side  , DBSCAN can be quite sensitive to the values of eps and MinPts  , and choosing correct values for these parameters is not that easy. We define the speed-upfuctor as the ratio of the cost of DBSCAN applied to the database after all insertions and deletions and the cost of m calls of IncrementalDBSCAN once for each of the insertions resp. Applied to the gene expression data  , DBSCAN found 6 relatively large clusters where the fraction of genes with functional relationships was rather small. We estimate that DBSCAN also runs roughly 15 times faster and show the estimated running time of DBSCAN in the following table as a function of point set cardinality. In this paper  , we assumed that the parameter values Eps and MinPts of DBSCAN do not change significantly when inserting and deleting objects. The figures depict the resulting clusters found by DBSCAN for two different values for and a fixed value for M inP ts; noise objects in these figures are shown as circles. However  , it requires the setting of two parameters: DBSCAN does not require the definition a-priori of the number of clusters to extract. The results and evaluations are reported in Section 5. Now  , we can calculate the speed-up factor of IncrementalDBSCAN versus DBSCAN. First  , our proposal performs consistently better than the best DBScan results obtained with cmin = 3. In DBSCAN  , the density concept is introduced by the notations: Directly density-reachable  , Density-reachable  , and Densityconnected . However  , because objects are organized into lineal formations  , the larger Eps is  , the larger void pad is. Each cluster is a maximum set of density-connected points. We implemented PreDeCon as well as the three comparative methods DBSCAN  , PROCLUS  , and DOC in JAVA. CHAMELEON requires the setting of the number of clusters to he sought  , which is generally not known. We can see that DBSCAN is 2-3 times slower than both SPARCL and Chameleon on smaller datasets. Eps and MinPts " in the following whenever it is clear from the context. In the case of DBSCAN the index finds the correct number of clusters that is three. Comparison with DBSCAN. Concluding remarks are offered in Section 4. DBSCAN proved very sensitive to the parameter settings. The resulting point cloud is a smooth continuous surface with all outliers removed. Scalability experiments were performed on 3d datasets as well. The tripwise LTD file records are indexes of consolidated stoppages made during trips. The DBSCAN technique was modified with KD-trees to reduce the computational complexity. The local clusters are represented by special objects that have the best representative power. Note that the definition of " Noise " is equivalent to DBSCAN. 1 who propose a hierarchical version of DBSCAN called OPTICS. Figure 1show an example where no global density threshold exists that can separate all three natural clusters  , and consequently  , DBSCAN cannot find the intrinsic cluster structure of the dataset. Table 2. shows an example of records that could be mistakenly clustered together by DBSCAN without an integrity check. However  , there may be applications where this assumption does not hold  , i.e. These outliers were removed using DBSCAN to identify low density noise. Of course  , in this example DBSCAN itself could have found the two clusters. DBSCAN successfully identifies different types of patterns of user-system interaction that can be interpreted in light of how users interact with WorldCat. k since for each core point there are at least MinPts points excluding itself within distance Eps. Streemer on the other hand first finds candidate clusters and then only merges them if the resulting cluster is highly cohesive. A region query returns all objects intersecting a specified query region. An object o is directly density reachable from another object o if it is not farther away than a given density radius ε and o is surrounded more than θ objects. The distribution of these points is shown in Fig 9. DBSCAN is used to cluster the entire data set. For OP- TICS  , M inP ts is set to a fixed value so that density-based clusters of different densities are characterized by different values for . Then  , DBSCAN visits the next object of the database D. The retrieval of density-reachable objects is performed by successive region queries.  We complement our quantitative evaluation with a qualitative one Section 5. But in high-dimensional spaces the parameter ε specifying the density threshold must be chosen very large  , because a lot of dimensions contribute to the distance values. So MinP ts must be large enough to distinguish noise and clusters. In our application of DBSCAN  , all the terms in documents were tokenized  , stemmed using Porter stemmer  , and stopwords were removed. Distance between documents was computed as 1 -cosine similarity. Advantages of these schemes include the ability to segment non convex shapes  , identify noise  , and automatically estimate the number of partitions in a data set. In Section 4 we introduce DBSCAN with constraints and extend it to run in online fashion. To find a cluster  , DBSCAN starts with an arbitrary object p in D and retrieves all objects of D density-reachable from p with respect to Eps and MinPfs. In this example  , P-DBSCAN forms better clusters since it takes local density into account. For each run of DBSCAN on the biological data sets  , we chose the parameters according to 5 using a k-nn-distance graph. The main advantages of DBSCAN are that it does not require the number of desired clusters as an input  , and it explicitly identifies outliers. However  , even for these small datasets  , the spectral approach ran out of memory. Table 1 summarizes the clusters and shows mean values for the original features  , as well as stability scores. In relation to DBSCAN unstable clusters represent data points that should either have formed part of another cluster or should have been classified as noise. Aside from being easy to implement and having an agreeable time complexity  , DBSCAN has many relevant advantages including its capacity to form arbitrarily shaped clusters and to automatically detect outliers. DBSCAN's ability to distinguish between points of varying density is limited while SNN can identify uniformly low density clusters by analysing the shared nearest neighbours between points. Knowledge of previous objects can be maintained for short durations if temporally occluded or when an object is missed due to the number of matched key-points dropping below the minP ts threshold required by DBSCAN. Streemer also requires similar parameters  , but we found that it is not sensitive to them. Obviously  , the larger void pad is  , the more chance to include noise data into a cluster  , which can cause chain affection   , and hence lower quality of density. DBSCAN is a typical density-based method which connects regions with sufficiently high density into clusters. As we can see SPARCL also perfectly identifies the shape-based clusters in these datasets. In this section we present the empirical results of SSDB- SCAN and compare it with DBSCAN and HISSCLU. According to the density-based definition  , a cluster consists of the minimum number of points MinPts to eliminate very small clusters as noise; and for every point in the cluster  , there exists another point in the same cluster whose distance is less than the distance threshold Eps points are densely located. From results presented in Section 4  , the indications are that the most unstable clusters clusters 8  , 9 and 10 should probably have formed part of other more stable clusters. One possible reason for this could be the fact that the parameter of DBSCAN is a global parameter and cannot be adjusted per-cluster. Points with fewer than minP ts in their ǫ neighbourhood are considered as noise within the DBSCAN framework  , unless on the boundary of a dense cluster. This classifier is initialised with the initial clusters found in the first pair of frames and then incrementally updated there after. In a data warehouse  , however  , the databases may have frequent updates and thus may be rather dynamic. The night sky is one example; as the magnification level is adjusted  , one will identify different groupings or clusters. Figure 2illustrates results of FIRES in comparison to SUBCLU  , and CLIQUE applied on a synthetic dataset containing three clusters of significantly varaying dimensionality and density. Parameter values of = 0.4 and M inP ts = 200 were chosen through empirical investigation. Previous work in person name disambiguation can be generally be categorized as either supervised or unsupervised approaches. For instance  , Deng  , Chuang  , and Lemmens  , 2009 use DBSCAN to cluster Flickr photos   , and they exploit tag co-occurrence to characterize the discovered clusters. Additionally  , if we were to pick the minimum-cost solution out of multiple trials for the local search methods  , the differences in the performance between BBC-Press vs. DBSCAN and Single Link becomes even more substantial  , e.g. We made similar observations when we applied DB- SCAN to the metabolome data: the computed clusters contained newborns with all sorts of class labels. Finally  , the notion of the representative trajectory of a cluster is provided. The problem of finding global density parameters has also been observed by Ankerst et al. DBSCAN produced a group of 10 clusters from the log data with around 20% classified as 'noise' – points too far away from any of the produced clusters to be considered for inclusion and discarded from further analyses. However   , before drawing inferences from the resulting clusters it is essential to validate the results to reduce the possibility that the clusters were identified by chance and do not actually reflect differences in the underlying data. Furthermore  , our work combines a streaming DBSCAN method along with constraints requirements that are not only at the instance level  , but also at the cluster level. As a result  , the result of STING approaches that of DBSCAN when the granularity approaches zero. Such queries are supported efficiently by spatial access methods such as R*trees BKSS 903 for data from a vector space or M-trees 4 IncrementalDBSCAN DBSCAN  , as introduced in EKSX 961  , is applied to a static database. The performance difference between our method BBC-Press and the other three methods is quite significant on all the five datasets  , given the small error bars. Density-based techniques like DBSCAN 4  , OPTICS 2 consider the density around each point to demarcate boundaries and identify the core cluster points. We apply DBSCAN to generate the baseclusters using a parameter setting as suggested in 8 and as refinement method with paramter settings for ε and minpts as proposed in Section 3.4. In our experiments  , it only requires 3 minutes to deal with one-day user logs of 150 ,000 queries. With respect to RQ2 cluster stability scores can be used help determine the optimum number of clusters and evaluate the " goodness " of the resulting clusters 7. When setting the speed-up factor to 1.0  , we obtain the number of updates denoted by MaxUpdates up to which the multiple application of IncrementalDBSCAN for each update is more efficient than the single application of DBSCAN to the whole updated database. For DBSCAN we do not show the results for DS4 and Swiss-roll since it returned only one cluster  , even when we played with different parameter set- tings. Since there are a lot of noise data  , DBSCAN with larger Eps is likely to include those noise data and cause chain affection  , forming serval larger clusters instead of small individual clusters. We also observed that the relative performance between U-AHC and F OPTICS  , and between F DBSCAN and U-AHC did not substantially vary with the dataset. Figure 10depicts the values of MaxUpdates depending on n for fde values of up to 0.5 which is the maximum value to be expected in most real applications. while the one based on the second strategy is  The first function counts  , for all entries considered as possible duplicates  , the ones that are indeed duplicates. We take a multi-phase optimization approach to cope with the complexity of parallel multijoin query optimization.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. a join order optimization of triple patterns performed before query evaluation. We focus on static query optimization  , i.e. Specify individual optimization rules. There has been a lot of work in multi-query optimization for MV advisors and rewrite. We now apply query optimization strategies whenever the schema changes. Thus the system has to perform plan migration after the query optimization. In query optimization using views  , to compute probabilities correctly we must determine how tuples are correlated. Semantic query optimization is well motivated in the literature6 ,5 ,7  , as a new dimension to conventional query optimization. Our experiments were carried out with Virtuoso RDBMS  , certain optimization techniques for relational databases can also be applied to obtain better query performance. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. Multi-query optimization detects common inter-and intra-query subexpressions and avoids redundant computation 10  , 3  , 18  , 19. Logical query optimization uses equalities of query expressions to transform a logical query plan into an equivalent query plan that is likely to be executed faster or with less costs. It complements the conventional query optimization phase. One category of research issues deals with mechanisms to exploit interactions between relational query optimization and E-ADT query optimization. As in applying II to conventional query optimization  , an interesting question that arises in parametric query optimization is how to determine the running time of a query optimizer for real applications . Not only are these extra joins expensive  , but because the complexity of query optimization is exponential in the amount of joins  , SPARQL query optimization is much more complex than SQL query optimization. The optimization on this query is performed twice. Multi-query optimization is a technique working at query compilation phase. 6  reports on a rule-based query optimizer generator  , which was designed for their database generator EXODUS 2. We divide the optimization task into the following three phases: 1 generating an optimized query tree  , 2 allocating query operators in the query tree to machines  , and 3 choosing pipelined execution methods. The parallel query plan will be dete&iined by a post optimization phase after the sequential query optimization . Typically  , all sub-expressions need to be optimized before the SQL query can be optimized. Query optimization in general is still a big problem. The architecture should readily lend itself to query optimization. Optimization of the internal query represen- tation. Good query optimization is as important for 00 query languages as it is for relational query languages. Mid-query re-optimization  , progressive optimization  , and proactive re-optimization instead initially optimize the entire plan; they monitor the intermediate result sizes during query execution  , and re-optimize only if results diverge from the original estimates. However  , semantic optimization increases the search space of possible plans by an order of magnitude  , and very ellicient searching techniques are needed to keep .the cost'of optimization within reasonable limits. As a result  , large SPARQL queries often execute with a suboptimal plan  , to much performance detriment. Then query optimization takes place in two steps. The optimization goal is to find the execution plan which is expected to return the result set fastest without actually executing the query or subparts. This simplifies query optimization Amma85. They investigate the applicability of common query optimization techniques to answer tree-pattern queries. Substantial research on object-oriented query optimization has focused on the design and use of path indexes  , e.g. Note that most commercial database systems allow specifying top-k query and its optimization. The notion of using algebraic transformations for query optimization was originally developed for the relational algebra. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. Finally  , the optimal query correlatioñ Q opt is leveraged for query suggestion. The optimization problem of join order selection has been extensively studied in the context of relational databases 12  , 11  , 16. This is in some cases not guaranteed in the scope of object-oriented query languages 27. While research in the nested algebra optimization is still in its infancy  , several results from relational algebra optimization 13 ,141 can be extended to nested relations. IQP: we consider a modified version of the budget constrained optimization method proposed in 13 as a query selection baseline. 3 Dynamic Query Optimization Ouery optimization in conventional DBS can usually be done at compile time. Cost based optimization will be explored as another avenue of future work. Each iteralion contains a well-defined sequence of query optimization followed by data allocation optimization. the optimization time of DPccp is always 1. More importantly  , multi-query optimization can provide not only data sharing but also common computation sharing. The major form of query optimization employed in KCRP results from proof schema structure sharing. We now highlight some of the semantic query optimizationSQO strategies used by our run time optimizer. -We shall compare the methods for extensible optimization in more detail in BeG89. A novel architecture for query optimization based on a blackboard which is organized in successive regions has been devised. Our approach allows both safe optimization and approximate optimization. A modular arrangement of optimization methods makes it possible to add  , delete and modify individual methods  , without affecting the rest. The optimization problem becomes even more interesting in the light of interactive querying sessions 2  , which should be quite common when working with inductive databases. That is  , we break the optimization task into several phases and then optimize each phase individually. Query Evaluation: If a query language is specified  , the E- ADT must provide the ability to execute the optimized plan. This expansion allows the query optimizer to consider all indexes on relations referenced in a query. First we conduct experiments to compare the query performance using V ERT G without optimization  , with Optimization 1 and with Optimization 2. The current implementation of DARQ uses logical query optimization in two ways. It utilizes containment mapping for identifying redundant navigation patterns in a query and later for collapsing them to minimize the query. 14 into an entity-based query interface and provides enhanced data independence   , accurate query semantics  , and highlevel query optimization 6 13. We represent the query subject probability as P sb S and introduce it as the forth component to the parsing optimization. After query planning the query plan consists of multiple sub-queries. Secondly  , relational algebra allows one to reason about query execution and optimization. We abstract two models — query and keyword language models — to study bidding optimization prob- lems. The query optimization steps are described as transformation rules or rewriting rules 7. That is  , any query optimization paradig plugged-in. ASW87 found this degree of precision adequate in the setting of query optimization. What happens when considering complex queries ? This problem can also be solved by employing existing optimization techniques. We showed the optimization of a simple query. We introduce a new loss function that emphasizes certain query-document pairs for better optimization. : Multiple-query optimization MQO 20 ,19 identifies common sub-expressions in query execution plans during optimization  , and produces globally-optimal plans. For instance   , NN queries over an attribute set A can be considered as model-based optimization queries with F  θ  , A as the distance function e.g. This lower optimization cost is probably just an artifact of a smaller search space of plans within the query optimizer  , and not something intrinsic to the query itself. Heuristics-based optimization techniques generally work without any knowledge of the underlying data. The optimization cost becomes comparable to query execution cost  , and minimizing execution cost alone would not minimize the total cost of query evaluation  , as illustrated in Fig Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. Both directions of the transformation should be considered in query optimization. Classical database query optimization techniques are not employed in KCRP currently  , but such optimization techniques as pushing selections within joins  , and taking joins in the most optimal order including the reordering of database literals across rules must be used in a practical system to improve RAP execution. Our experiments show that the SP approach gives a decent performance in terms of number of triples  , query size and query execution time. Since only default indexes were created  , and no optimization was provided   , this leaves a room for query optimization in order to obtain a better query performance. Heuristics-based optimization techniques include exploiting syntactic and structural variations of triple patterns in a query 27  , and rewriting a query using algebraic optimization techniques 12 and transformation rules 15 . In this paper  , we present a value-addition tool for query optimizers that amortizes the cost of query optimization through the reuse of plans generated for earlier queries. The detection of common sub-expressions is done at optimization time  , thus  , all queries need to be optimized as a batch. Finally  , our focus is on static query optimization techniques. By contrast  , we postpone work on query optimization in our geographic scalability agenda  , preferring to first design and validate the scalability of our query execution infrastructure. In general  , any query adjustment has to be undertaken before any threshold setting  , as it aaects both ast1 and the scores of the judged documents  , all of which are used in threshold setting. We begin in Section 2 by motivating our approach to order optimization by working through the optimization of a simple example query based on the TPC-H schema using the grouping and secondary ordering inference techniques presented here. On the other  , they are useful for query optimization via query rewriting. Optimization of this query should seek to reduce the work required by PARTITION BY and ORDER BYs. Our work builds on this paradigm. However  , sound applications of rewrite rules generate alternatives to a query that are semantically equivalent. Relational optimizers thus do global optimization by looking inside all referenced views. The paper is organized as follows. Optimization techniques are discussed in Section 3. That is  , at each stage a complete query evaluation plan exists. They suffer from the same problems mentioned above. The query engine uses this information for query planning and optimization. During the query optimization phase  , each query is broken down into a number of subqueries on the fragments . JOQR is similar in functionality to a conventional query optimizer . Sections 4 and 5 detail a query evaluation method and its optimization techniques. Query optimization is a fundamental and crucial subtask of query execution in database management systems. Query queries  , we have developed an optimization that precomputes bounds. Table  IncludingPivot and Unpivot explicitly in the query language provides excellent opportunities for query optimization. Still  , strategy 11 is only a local optimization on each query. The main concerns were directed at the unique operations: inclusive query planning and query optimization. On the other hand  , more sophisticated query optimization and fusion techniques are required. Tioga will optimize by coalescing queries when coalescing is advantageous. In the third stage  , the query optimizer takes the sub-queries and builds an optimized query execution plan see Section 3.3. It highlights that our query optimization has room for improvement. Weights  , constraints  , functional attributes  , and optimization functions themselves can all change on a per-query basis . The consideration of RDF as database model puts forward the issue of developing coherently all its database features. Motivated by the above  , we have studied the problem of optimizing queries for all possible values of runtime parameters that are unknown at optimization time a task that we call Parametric Query Optimiration   , so that the need for re-optimization is reduced. The multi-query optimization technique has the most restrictive requirement on the arrival times of different queries due to the limitation that multiple queries must be optimized as a batch. Thus  , a main strength of FluXQuery is its extensibility and the ability to benefit from a large body of previous database research on algebraic query optimization. On the other hand  , declarative query languages are easier to read since inherently they describe only the goal of the query in a simpler syntax  , and automatic optimization can be done to some degree. This post optimizer kxamines the sequential query plan to see how to parallelize a gequential plan segment and estimates the overhead as welLas the response time reduction if this plan segment is executed in parallel. The query optimizer can add-derivation operators in a query expression for optimization purpose without explicitly creating new graph view schemes in the database. optimization cost so far + execution cost is minimum. Query Operators and Optimization: If a declarative query language is specified  , the E-ADT must provide optimization abilities that will translate a language expression into a query evaluation plan in some evaluation algebra. Our query language permits several  , possibly interrelated  , path expressions in a single query  , along with other query constructs. We differ in that 1 if the currently executing plan is already optimal  , then query re-optimization is never invoked. However  , unlike query optimization which must necessarily preserve query equivalence  , our techniques lead to mappings with better semantics  , and so do not preserve equivalence. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS97  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. For achieving efficiency and handling a general class of XQuery codes  , we generate executable for a query directly  , instead of decomposing the query at the operator level and interpreting the query plan. Query Optimization: The optimization of an SQL query uses cost-based techniques to search for a cheap evaluation plan from a large space of options. This is an issue that requires further study in the form of a comprehensive performance evaluation on sipI1. Subsequently  , Colde and Graefe 8 proposed a new query optimization model which constructs dynamic plans at compile-time and delays some of the query optimization until run-time. The challenge in designing such a RISCcomponent successfully is to identify optimization techniques that require us to enumerate only a few of all the SPJ query sub-trees. In FS98 two optimization techniques for generalized path expressions are presented  , query pruning and query rewriting using state extents. To give the optimizer more transformation choices  , relational query optimization techniques first expand all views referenced in a query and then apply cost-based optimization strategies on the fully expanded query 16 22 . Kabra and DeWitt 21 proposed an approach collecting statistics during the execution of complex queries in order to dynamically correct suboptimal query execution plans. LEO is aimed primarily at using information gleaned from one or more query executions to discern trends that will benefit the optimization of future queries. If the format of a query plan is restricted in some manner  , this search space will be reduced and optimization will be less expensive. There are six areas of work that are relevant to the research presented here: prefetching  , page scheduling for join execution  , parallel query scheduling  , multiple query optimization  , dynamic query optimization and batching in OODBs. The idea of the interactive query optimization test was to replace the automatic optimization operation by an expert searcher  , and compare the achieved performance levels as well as query structures. Query optimization: DBMSs typically maintain histograms 15 reporting the number of tuples for selected attribute-value ranges. Once registered in Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. Service Descriptions are represented in RDF. Even the expressions above and in And as such these approaches offer excellent opportunities for query optimization. Mondial 18 is a geographical database derived from the CIA Factbook. Open PHACTS 15   , query optimization time dominates and can run into the tens of seconds. Extensions to the model are considered in Section 5. Search stops when the optimization cost in last step dominates the improvement in query execution cost. We know that these query optimizations can greatly improve performance. 'I'he traditional optimization problem is to choose an optimal plan for a query. which fragments slmultl be fetched from tertiary memory . The optimization in Eq. In Section 2 we present related work on query optimization and statistical databases. POP places CHECK operators judiciously in query execution plans. Graefe surveys various principles and techniques Gra93. First  , is to include multi-query optimization in CQ refresh. Histograms were one of the earliest synopses used in the context of database query optimization 29  , 25. In the context of deductive databases. In Section 3  , we describe our new optimization technique . The second optimization exploits the concept of strong-token. The three products differ greatly from each other with respect to query optimization techniques. A key difference in query optimization is that we usually have access to the view definitions. This makes them difficult to work with from an optimization point of view. Here n denotes the number of documents associated with query q i . Analogous to order optimization we call this grouping optimization and define that the set of interesting groupings for a given query consists of 1. all groupings required by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query 2. all groupings produced by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query. A database system that can effectively handle the potential variations in optimization queries will benefit data exploration tasks. They are complementary to our study as they target an environment where a cost-based optimization module is available. In the area of Semantic Query Optimization  , starting with King King81  , researchers have proposed various ways to use integrity constraints for optimization. In particular  , we describe three optimization techniques that exploit text-centric actions that IE programs often execute. The Auto-Fusion Optimization involves iterations of fusion runs i.e. Our demonstration also includes showing the robustness POP adds to query optimization for these sources of errors. Thus  , optimizing the evaluation of boolean expressions seems worthwhile from the standpoint of declarative query optimization as well as method optimization. This file contains various classes of optimization/translation rules in a specific syntax and order. The DBS3 optimizer uses efficient non-exhaustive search strategies LV91 to reduce query optimization cost. Indeed  , our investigation can be regarded as the analogue for updates of fundamental invest ,igat.ions on query equivalence and optimization. In all experiments  , TSA yields the best optimization/execution cost  , ratio. Contrary to previous works  , our results show clearly that parallel query optimization should not imply restricting the search space to cope with the additional complexity. Further  , we also improve on their solution. For example   , if NumRef is set to the number of relations in the query  , it is not clear how and what information should be maintained to facilitate incremental optimization . Following Hong and Stonebraker HS91  , we break the optimization problem into two phases: join ordering followed by parallelization. Clearly  , the elimination of function from the path length of high traffic interactions is a possible optimization strategy. We have demonstrated the effects of query optimization by means of performance experiments. Our second goal with this demo is to present some of our first experiments with query optimization in Galax. We also showed how to incorporate our strategies into existing query optimizers for extensible databases. AQuery builds on previous language and query optimization work to accomplish the following goals: 1. These optimization rules follow from the properties described earlier for PIVOT and UNPIVOT. Optimization. The method normalizes retrieval scores to probabilities of relevance prels  , enabling the the optimization of K by thresholding on prel. This also implies that for a QTree this optimization can be used only once. While ATLAS performs sophisticated local query optimization   , it does not attempt to perform major changes in the overall execution plan  , which therefore remains under programmer's control. The direct applicability of logical optimization techniques such as rewriting queries using views  , semantic optimization and minimization to XQuery is precluded by XQuery's definition as a functional language 30. The query term selection optimization was evaluated by changing /3 and 7. A powerful 00 data modelling language permits the construction of more complex schemas than for relational databases. In order to query iDM  , we have developed a simple query language termed iMeMex Query Language iQL that we use to evaluate queries on a resource view graph. Therefore  , we follow the same principle as LUBM where query patterns are stated in descending order  , w.r.t. Given a logical query  , the T&O performs traditional query optimization tasks such as plan enumeration  , evaluating join orderings  , index selections and predicate place- ment U1188  , CS96  , HSSS. The different formats that exist for query tree construction range from simple to complex. In database query languages late binding is somewhat problematic since good query optimization is very important to achieve good performance. There is currently no optimization performed across query blocks belonging to different E-ADTs . The entity types of our sample environment are given in Figs. In our experiments we found that binning by query length is both conceptually simple and empirically effective for retrieval optimization. Dynamic re-optimization techniques augment query plans with special operators that collect statistics about the actual data during the execution of a query 9  , 13. If a query can m-use cached steps  , the rest of the parsing and optimization is bypassed. To build the plan we use logical and physical query optimization. Also  , the underlying query optimizer may produce sub-optimal physical plans due to assumptions of predicate independence. DB2 Information Integrator deploys cost-based query optimization to select a low cost global query plan to execute . We discuss the various query plans in a bit more detail as the results are presented. Development of such query languages has prompted research on new query optimization methods  , e.g. By compiling into an algebraic language  , we facilitate query optimization. Semantic query optimization can be viewed as the search for the minimum cost query execution plan in the space of all possible execution plans of the various semantically equivalent hut syntactically ditferent versions of the original query. We note that other researchers have termed such queries 'set queries' Gavish and Segev 19861. Query optimization is carried out on an algebraic  , query-language level rather than  , say  , on some form of derived automata. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , it also improves query execution efficiency since it makes it possible for optimizers to always run at their highest optimization level as the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. RuralCafe  , then allows the users to choose appropriate query expansion terms from a list of popular terms. The objective of this class of queries is to test whether the selectivity of the text query plays a role in query optimization. The optimal point for this optimization query this query is B.1.a. The next important phase in query compilation is Query Optimization. For example  , during optimization  , the space of alternative query plans is searched in order to find the " optimal " query plan. In this example   , the SQL optimizer is called on the outer query block  , and the SEQUIN optimizer operates on the nested query block. However  , existing work primarily focuses on various aspects of query-local data management  , query execution   , and optimization. The trade-off between re-optimization and improved runtime must be weighed in order to be sure that reoptimization will result in improved query performance. E.g. The blackbox ADT approach for executing expensive methods in SQL is to execute them once for each new combination of arguments. A control strategy is needed to decide on the rewrite rules that should be applied to a given statement sequence. With such an approach  , no new execution operators are required  , and little new optimization or costing logic is needed. Optimization during query compilr tion assumes the entire buffer pool is available   , but in or&r to aid optimization at nmtime  , the query tree is divided into fragments. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. Compared to the global re-optimization of query plans  , our inspection approach can be regarded as a complementary   , local optimization technique inside the hash join operator. The Plastic system  , proposed in GPSH02   , amortizes the cost of query optimization by reusing the plans generated by the optimizer. Optimization for queries on local repositories has also focused on the use of specialized indices for RDF or efficient storage in relational databases  , e.g. A " high " optimization cost may be acceptable for a repetitive query since it can be amortized over multiple executions. We see that the optimization leads to significantly decreased costs for the uniform model  , compared to the previous tables. In Figure 5  , we show results for the fraction pruning method and the max score optimization on the expanded query set. For example  , if our beers/drinkers/bars schema had " beers " as a top level node  , instead of being as a child node of Drinkers  , then the same query would had been obtained without the reduction optimization. Many researchers have investigated the use of statistics for query optimization  , especially for estimating the selectivity of single-column predicates using histograms PC84  , PIH+96  , HS95 and for estimating join sizes Gel93  , IC91  , SS94 using parametric methods Chr83  , Lyn88 . For suitable choices of these it might be feasible to efficiently obtain a solution. Third-order dependencies may be useful  , however   , and even higher-order dependencies may be of interest in settings outside of query optimization. Doing much of the query optimization in the query language translator also helps in keeping the LSL interpreter as simple as possible. This research is an important contribution to the understanding of the design tradeoffs between query optimization and data allocation for distributed database design. Many researchers have worked on optimizer architectures that facilitate flexibility: Bat86  , GD87  , BMG93  , GM931 are proposals for optimizer genera- tors; HFLP89  , BG92 described extensible optimizers in the extended relational context; MDZ93  , KMP93  proposed architectural frameworks for query optimization in object bases. Another approach to this problem is to use dynamic query optimization 4 where the original query plan is split into separately optimized chunks e.g. The technique in MARS 9 can be viewed as a SQL Optimization technique since the main optimization occurs after the SQL query is generated from the XML query. This is effectively an optimization problem  , not unlike the query optimization problem in relational databases. In the current implementation we e two-level optimization strategy see section 1 the lower level uses the optimization strateg present in this paper  , while the upper level the oy the in which s that we join order egy. Moreover  , as the semantic information about the database and thus the corresponding space of semantically equivalent queries increases  , the optimization cost becomes comparable to the cost of query execution plan  , and cannot be ignored. For query optimization  , a translation from UnQL to UnCAL is defined BDHS96  , which provides a formal basis for deriving optimization rewrite rules such as pushing selections down. Moreover  , most parallel or distributed query optimization techniques are limited to a heuristic exploration of the search space whereas we provide provably optimal plans for our problem setting. In the following we describe the two major components of our demonstration: 1 the validity range computation and CHECK placement  , and 2 the re-optimization of an example query. 13; however  , since most users are interested in the top-ranking documents only  , additional work may be necessary in order to modify the query optimization step accordingly. In this section  , we propose an object-oriented modeling of search systems through a class hierarchy which can be easily extended to support various query optimization search strategies. We notice that  , using the proposed optimization method  , the query execution time can be significantly improved in our experiments  , it is from 1.6 to 3.9 times faster. Whereas query engines for in-memory models are native and  , thus  , require native optimization techniques  , for triple stores with RDBMS back-end  , SPARQL queries are translated into SQL queries which are optimized by the RDBMS. When existing access structures give only partial support for an operation  , then dynamic optimization must be done to use the structures wisely. An ADT-method approach cannot identify common sub-expressions without inter-function optimization  , let alone take advantage of them to optimize query execution. For multiple queries  , multi-query optimization has been exploited by 11 to improve system throughput in the Internet and by 15 for improving throughput in TelegraphCQ. The novel optimization plan-space includes a variety of correlated and decorrelated executions of each subquery  , using VOLCANO's common sub-expression detection to prevent a blow-up in optimization complexity. The original method  , referred to as query prioritization QP   , cannot be used in our experiments because it is defined as a convex optimization that demands a set of initial judgments for all the queries. Note the importance of separating the optimization time from the execution time in interpreting these results. The diversity of search space is proportional to the number of different optimization rules which executed successfully during optimization. To perform optimization of a computation over a scientific database system  , the optimizer is given an expression consisting of logical operators on bulk data types. In this way  , the longer the optimization time a query is assigned  , the better the quality of the plan will be.2 Complex canned queries have traditionally been assigned high optimization cost because the high cost can be amortized over multiple runs of the queries. Therefore  , some care is needed when adding groupings to order optimization  , as a slowdown of plan generation would be unacceptable . Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , PLASTIC also improves query execution efficiency because optimizers can now always run at their highest optimization level – the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. These five optimization problems have been solved for each of the 25 selected queries and for each run in the set of 30 selected runs  , giving a total of 5×25×30 = 3  , 750 optimization problems. In this section we present an overview of transformation based algebraic query optimization  , and show how the optimization of scientific computations fits into this framework. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. However  , a plan that is optimal can still be chosen as a victim to be terminated and restarted  , 2 dynamic query re-optimization techniques do not typically constrain the number of intermediate results to save and reuse  , and 3 queries are typically reoptimized by invoking the query optimizer with updated information. To tackle the problem  , we clean the graph before using it to compute query dissimilarity. In addition  , we show that incremental computation is possible for certain operations . Recent works have exploited such constraints for query optimization and schema matching purposes e.g. Flexible mechanisms for dynamically adjusting the size of query working spaces and cache areas are in place  , but good policies for online optimization are badly missing. The contributions in SV98 are complementary to our work in this paper. 27  introduces a rank-join operator that can be deployed in existing query execution interfaces. Let V denote the grouping attributes mentioned in the group by clause. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of query optimization. We adopt a two-phase approach HS91 to parallel query optimization: JOQR followed by parallelization. A few proposals exist for evaluating transitive closures in distributed database systems 1 ,9 ,22 . l The image expression may be evaluated several times during the course of the query. Since vague queries occur most often in interactive systems  , short response times are essential. The associated rewrite rules exploit the fact that statements of a sequence are correlated. Section 3 shows that this approach also enables additional query optimization techniques. The implementation appeared to be outside the RDBMS  , however  , and there was not significant discussion of query optimization in this context. In Sections 2–4 we describe the steps of the BHUNT scheme in detail  , emphasizing applications to query optimization. Static shared dataflows We first show how NiagaraCQ's static shared plans are imprecise. This monotonicity declaration is used for conventional query optimization and for improving the user interface. In Section 2  , we model the search space  , which describes the query optimization problem and the associated cost model. The weights for major concepts and the sub concepts are 1.0 and 0.2  , respectively. The speedup is calculated as the query execution time when the optimization is not applied divided by the optimized time. have proposed a strategy for evaluating inductive queries and also a first step in the direction of query optimization. In addition to the usual query parsing  , query plan generation and query parallelization steps  , query optimization must also determine which DOP to choose and on which node to execute the query. It also summarizes related work on query optimization particularly focusing on the join ordering problem. We conclude with a discussion of open problems and future work. An approach to semantic query optimization using a translation into Datalog appears in 13  , 24. We envision three lines of future research. The remaining of this paper is structured as follows. Section 5 describes the impact of RAM incremental growths on the query execution model. Over all of the queries in our experiments the average optimization time was approximately 1/2 second. 10 modeled conditional probability distributions of various sensor attributes and introduced the notion of conditional plans for query optimization with correlated attributes. Moral: AQuery transformations bring substantial performance improvements  , especially when used with cost-based query optimization.   , s ,} The problem of parametric query optimization is to find the parametric optimal set of plans and the region of optimality for each parametric optimal plan. Ten years later  , the search landscape has greatly evolved. First  , our query optimization rules are based on optimizing XPath expressions over SQL/XML and object relational SQL. Furthermore. Schema knowledge is used to rewrite a query into a more efficient one. Next  , we turn our attention to query optimization. The module for query optimization and efficient reasoning is under development. For traditional relational databases  , multiplequery optimization 23 seeks to exhaustively find an optimal shared query plan. We can now formally define the query optimization problem solved in this paper. The second step consists of an optimization and translation phase. Section 4 deals with query evaluation and optimization. The size of our indexes is therefore significant  , and query optimization becomes more complex. The existing optimizers  , eg. query execution time. No term reweighting or query expansion methods were tried. The models and procedures described here are part of the query optimization. Meta query optimization. Whether or not the query can be unnested depends on the properties of the node-set . Several plans are identified and the optimal plan is selected. Section 2 formally defines the parametric query optimization problem and provides background material on polytopes. For more sophisticated rules  , cost functions were needed Sma97  to choose among many alternative query plans. A related approach is multi-query execution rather than optimization. 4.9  , DJ already maintains the minimal value of all primary keys in its own internal statistics for query optimization. In Section 2  , we provide some background information on XML query optimization and the XNav operator. Scientific data is commonly represented as a mesh. Their proposed technique can be independently applied on different parts of the query. sources on sort-merge join "   , and this metalink instance is deemed to have the importance sideway value of 0.8. sources on query optimization is viewing  , learning  , etc. Compiling SQL queries on XML documents presents new challenges for query optimization. Experiment 3 demonstrates how the valid-range can be used for optimization. This function can be easily integrated in the query optimization algorisms Kobayashi 19811. part of the scheduler to do multiple query optimization betwtcn the subqucries. Imposing a uniform limit on hot set size over all queries can be suboptimal. One is based on algebraic simplification of a query and compilr tinlc> heuristics. An experienced searcher was recruited to run the interactive query optimization test. However  , their optimization method is based on Eq. Thirdly  , the relational algebra relies on a simple yet powerful set of mathematical primitives. Figure 4summarizes the query performance for 4 queries of the LUBM. MIRACLE exploits some techniques used by the OR- ACLE Server for the query optimization a rule-based approach and an statistical approach. Section 4 addresses optimization issues in this RAM lower bound context. Second  , they provide more optimization opportunities. 9 exploits XQuery containment for query optimization. During the first pass the final output data is requested sorted by time. The mathematical problem formulation is given in Section 3. In the literature  , most researches in distributed database systems have been concentrated on query optimization   , concurrency control  , recovery  , and deadlock handling. In Section 6 we briefly survey the prior work that our system builds upon. We also plan to explore issues of post query optimization such as dynamic reconfiguration of execution plan at run time. In Section 4  , we give an illustrative example to explain different query evaluation strategies that the model offers. Figure 8depicts this optimization based on the XML document and query in Figure 4. The system returned the top 20 document results for each query. Query-performance predictors are used to evaluate the performance of permutations. The compiled query plan is optimized using wellknown relational optimization techniques such as costing functions and histograms of data distributions. If a DataGuide is to be useful for query formulation and especially optimization  , we must keep it consistent when the source database changes. An important optimization technique is to avoid sorting of subcomponents which are removed afterwards due to duplicate elimination. The other set of approaches is classified as loose coupling. Query optimization is a major issue in federated database systems. Since the early stages of relational database development   , query optimization has received a lot of at- tention. The translation and optimization proceeds in three steps. Besides  , in our current setting  , the preference between relevance and freshness is assumed to be only query-dependent. These specific technical problems are solved in the rest of the paper. This is a critical requirement in handling domain knowledge  , which has flexible forms. We examine only points in partitions that could contain points as good as the best solution. DB2 has separate parsers for SQL and XQuery statements   , but uses a single integrated query compiler for both languages. Many sources rank the objects in query results according to how well these objects match the original query. Additionally it can be used to perform other tasks such as query optimization in a distributed environment. The Postgres engine takes advantage of several Periscope/SQ Abstract Data Types ADTs and User-Defined Functions UDFs to execute the query plan. The optimization of Equation 7 is related to set cover  , but not straightforwardly. The Epoq approach to extensible query optimization allows extension of the collection of control strategies that can be used when optimizing a query 14. Above results are just examples from the case study findings to illustrate the potential uses of the proposed method. One important aspect of query optimization is to detect and to remove redundant operations  , i.e. Lots can be explored using me&data such as concept hierarchies  and discovered knowledge. At every region knowledge wurces are act ivatad consecutively completing alternative query evaluation plans. The resultant query tree is then given to the relational optimizer  , which generates the execution plan for the execution engine. The goal of such investigations is es- tablishing equivalent query constructs which is important for optimization. Contributions of R-SOX include: 1. Moreover  , translating a temporal query into a non-temporal one makes it more difficult to apply query optimization and indexing techniques particularly suited for temporal XML documents. Research on query optimization for SPARQL includes query rewriting 9 or basic reordering of triple patterns based on their selectivity 10. In particular  , M3 uses the statistics to estimate the cardinality of both The third strategy  , denoted M3 in what follows  , is a variant of M2 that employs full quad-based query optimization to reach a suitable physical query plan. More precisely  , we demonstrate features related to query rewriting  , and to memory management for large documents. At query optimization time  , the set of candidate indexes desirable for the query are recorded by augmenting the execution plan. Incorporate order in a declarative fashion to a query language using the ASSUMING clause built on SQL 92. Such models can be utilized to facilitate query optimization  , which is also an important topic to be studied. Originally  , query containment was studied for optimization of relational queries 9  , 33 . Suppose we can infer that a query subexpression is guaranteed to be symmetric. query optimization has the goal to find the 'best' query execution plan among all possible plans and uses a cost model to compare different plans. However  , it is important to optimize these tests further using compile-time query optimization techniques. For optimization  , MXQuery only implements a dozen of essential query rewrite rules such as the elimination of redundant sorts and duplicate elimination. Since OOAlgebra resembles the relational algebra   , the familiar relational query optimization techniques can be used. SEMCOG also maintains database statistics for query optimization and query reformulation facilitation. The most expensive lists to look at will be the ones dropped because of optimization. Second  , we describe a novel two-stage optimization technique for parameterized query expansion. The method for weight optimization is the same as that for query section weighting. Similarly   , automatic checking tools face a number of semidecidability or undecidability theoretical results. After rewriting  , the code generator translates the query graphs into C++ code. In fact  , V represents the query-intent relationships  , i.e. The conventional approach to query optimization is to pick a single efficient plan for a query  , based on statistical properties of the data along with other factors such as system conditions. This type of optimization does not require a strong DataGuide and was in fact suggested by NUWC97. In this case we require the optimizer to construct a table of compiled query plans. Section 3.3 describes this optimization. The optimizer's task is the translation of the expression generated by the parser into an equivalent expression that is cheaper to evaluate. For example  , V1 may store some tuples that should not contribute to the query  , namely from item nodes lacking mail descendants. Work on frameworks for providing cost information and on developing cost models for data sources is  , of course  , highly relevant. Enhanced query optimizers have to take conditional coalescing rules into consideration as well. In this method  , subqueries and answers are kept in main memory to reduce costs. This query is a variant of the query used earlier to measure the performance of a sequence scan. During execution of the SQL query  , the nested SE &UIN expression is evaluated just as any other function would be. Note  , however  , that the problem studied here is not equivalent to that of query containment. Well-known query optimization strategies CeP84 push selections down to the leaves of a query tree. It is important to understand the basic differences between our scenario and a traditional centralized setting which also has query operators characterized by costs and selectivities. In contrast to MBIS the schema is not fixed and does not need to be specified  , but is determined by the underlying data sources. In this paper  , we make a first step to consider all phases of query optimization in RDF repositories. Then  , we will investigate on optimization by using in-memory storage for the hash tables  , in order to decrease the query runtimes. The join over the subject variable will be less expensive and the optimization eventually lead to better query performance. A set of cursor options is selected randomly by the query generator. To improve the XML query execution speed  , we extract the data of dblp/inproceedings  , and add two more elements: review and comments. portant drawbacks with lineage for information exchange and query optimization using views. Reordering the operations in a conventional relational DBMS to an equivalent but more efficient form is a common technique in query optimization. We call this the irrelevant index set optimization. The numhcr  , placement  , and effective use of data copies is an important design prohlem that is clearly intcrdcpcndent with query optimization and data allocation. In general  , constraints and other such information should flow across the query optimization interfaces. General query optimization is infeasible. for each distinct value combination of all the possible run-time parameters. Optimization of this query plan presents further difficulties. medium-or coarse-grained locking  , limited support for queries  , views  , constraints  , and triggers  , and weak subsets of SQL with limited query optimization. First  , expressing the " nesting " predicate .. Kim argued that query 2 was in a better form for optimization  , because it allows the optimizer to consider more strategies. The advantages of STAR-based query optimization are detailed in Loh87. Perhaps surprisingly  , transaction rates are not problematic. We used the same computer for all retrieval experiments. 33  proposed an optimization strategy for query expansion methods that are based on term similarities such as those computed based on WordNet. In this section we evaluate the performance of the DARQ query engine. The optimization of the query of Figure 1illustrated this. Section 7 presents our conclusions  , a comparison with related work  , and some directions for future research. The top layer consists of the optimizer/query compiler component. The solution to this problem also has applications in " traditional " query optimization MA83 ,UL82. But  , to our best knowledge  , no commercial RDBMS covers all major aspects of the AP technology. Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. This query is optimized to improve execution; currently  , TinyDB only considers the order of selection predicates during optimization as the existing version does not support joins.  For non-recursive data  , DTD-based optimizations can remove all DupElim and hash-based operators. But  , the choice of right index structures was crucial for efficient query execution over large databases. For the purposes of this example we assume that there is a need to test code changes in the optimization rules framework. It is important to point out their connection since semantic query optimization has largely been ignored in view maintenance literature. The stratum approach does not depend on a particular XQuery engine. Database queries are optimized based on cost models that calculate costs for query plans. Lack of Strategies for Applying Possibly Overlapping Optimization Techniques. So  , the query offers opportunities for optimization. Note that the query is not optimized consecutively otherwise it is no different from existing techniques. Furthermore  , the rules discovered can be used for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. TTnfortllllat.ely  , query optimization of spatial data is different from that of heterogeneous databases because of the cost function. That means the in memory operation account for significant part in the evaluation cost and requires further work for optimization. This is an open question and may require further research. The query is then passed on to Postgres for relational optimization and execution . Optimization is done by evaluating query fimess after each round of mutations and selecting the " most fit " to continue to the next generation. An optimization available on megaplans is to coalesce multiple query plans into a single composite query plan. The rule/goal graph approach does not take advantage of existing DBMS optimization. To select query terms  , the document frequencies of terms must be established to compute idf s before signature file access. In the current version of IRO-DB  , the query optimizer applies simple heuristics to detach subqueries that are sent to the participating systems. Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources.  the query optimization problem under the assumption that each call to a conjunctive solver has unit cost and that the only set operation allowed is union. Most important is the development of effective and realistic cost functions for inductive query evaluation and their use in query optimization. The first optimization is to suggest associated popular query terms to the user corresponding to a search query. However  , we believe that the optimization of native SPARQL query engines is  , nevertheless   , an important issue for an efficient query evaluation on the Semantic Web. Thus  , optimization may reduce the space requirements to Se114 of the nonoptimized case  , where Se1 is the selectivity factor of the query. the resulting query plan can be cached and re-used exactly the way conventional query plans are cached. Extended Datalog is a query language enabling query optimization but it does not have the full power of a programming language.  Order-Preserving Degree OPD: This metric is tailored to query optimization and measures how well Comet preserves the ordering of query costs. We continue with another iteration of query optimization and data allocation to see if a better solution can be found. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. The X-axis shows the number of levels of nesting in each query  , while the Y-axis shows the query execution time. However  , a clever optimization of interpreted techniques known as query/sub-query has been developped at ECRC Vieille86 . 4  , 5 proposed using statistics on query expressions to facilitate query optimization. This capability is crucial for many different data management tasks such as data modeling   , data integration  , query formulation  , query optimization  , and indexing. Likewise query rewrite and optimization is more complex for XML queries than for relational queries. We also briefly discuss how the expand operator can be used in query optimization when there are relations with many duplicates. Therefore  , many queries execute selection operations on the base relations before executing other  , more complex operations. In 13   , the query containment problem under functional dependencies and inclusion dependencies is studied. In 22   , a scheme for utilizing semantic integrity constraints in query optimization  , using a graph theoretic approach  , is presented. Users do not have to possess knowledge about the database semantics  , and the query optimieer takes this knowledge into account to generate Semantic query optimization is another form of automated programming. Thus  , cost functions used by II heavily influence what remote servers i.e. However  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. The proposed method yielded two major innovations: inclusive query planning  , and query optimization. We can see that the transformation times for optimized queries increase with query complexity from around 300 ms to 2800ms. To reduce execution costs we introduced basic query optimization for SPARQL queries. In query optimization mode  , BHUNT automatically partitions the data into " normal " data and " exception " data. Relational query optimization  , however  , impacts XQuery semantics and introduces new challenges. Another approach to extensible query optimization using the rules of a grammar to construct query plans is described in Lo88. On the other hand  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. We have generalized the notion of convex sets or version spaces to represent sets of higher dimensions. This includes the grouping specified by the group by clause of the query  , if any exists.  A thread added to lock one of the two involved tables If the data race happens  , the second query will use old value in query cache and return wrong value while not aware of the concurrent insert from another client. Our experiments show that query-log alone is often inadequate  , combining query-logs  , web tables and transitivity in a principled global optimization achieves the best performance. The well-known inherent costs of query optimization are compounded by the fact that a query submitted to the database system is typically optimized afresh  , providing no opportunity to amortize these overheads over prior optimizations . The inclusive query planning idea is easier to exploit since its outcome  , the representation of the available query tuning space  , can also be exploited in experiments on best-match IR systems. But in parametric query optimization  , we need to handle cost functions in place of costs  , and keep track of multiple plans  , along with their regions of optimality  , for each query/subexpression. At query execution time  , when the actual parameter values are known  , an appropriate plan can be chosen from the set of candidates  , which can be much faster than reoptimizing the query. For each relation in a query  , we record one possible transmission between the relation and the site of every other relation in the query  , and an additional transmission to the query site. Query compilation produces a single query plan for both relational and XML data accesses  , and the overall query tree is optimized as a whole.  Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. The query optimizer shuffles operators around in the query tree to produce a faster execution plan  , which may evaluate different parts of the query plan in any order considered to be correct from the relational viewpoint. As the accuracy of any query optimizer is dependent on the accuracy of its statistics  , for this application we need to accurately estimate both the segment and overall result selectivities. Consequently  , all measurements reported here are for compiled query plan execution i.e. Figure 5shows the DAG that results from binary scoring assuming independent predicate scoring for the idf scores of the query in Figure 3. Hence the discussion here outlines techniques that allow us to apply optimizations to more queries. The conventional approach to query optimization is to examine each query in isolation and select the execution plan with the minimal cost based on some predcfincd cost flmction of I0 and CPU requirements to execute the query S&79. Note that our optimization techniques will never generate an incorrect query — they will either not apply in which case we will generate the naive query or they will apply and will generate a query expected to be more efficient than the naive query. If alternative QGM representations are plausible depending upon their estimated cost  , then all such alternative QGMs are passed to Plan Optimization to be evaluated  , joined by a CHOOSE operator which instructs the optimizer to pick the least-cost alternative. Further  , the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. The optimization prohlem then uses the response time from the queueing model to solve for an improved solution. Yet another important advantage is that the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. As optimizers based on bottom-up Zou97  , HK+97  , JMP97 and top-down Ce96  , Gra96 search strategies are both extensible Lo88  , Gra95 and in addition the most frequently used in commercial DBMSs  , we have concentrated our research on the suitability of these two techniques for parallel query optimization. In Tables 8 and 9 we do not see any improvement in preclslon at low recall as the optimization becomes more aggressive. Once we have added appropriate indexes and statistics to our graph-based data model  , optimizing the navigational path expressions that form the basis of our query language does resemble the optimization problem for path expressions in object-oriented database systems  , and even to some extent the join optimization problem in relational systems. In this paper  , we present a new architecture for query optimization  , based on a blackbonrd xpprowh  , which facilitates-in combination with a building block  , bottom-up arrscrnbling approach and early aqxeasiruc~~l. Although catalog management schemes are of great practical importance with respect to the site auton- omy 14  , query optimization 15  , view management l  , authorization mechanism 22   , and data distribution transparency 13  , the performance comparison of various catalog management schemes has received relatively little attention 3  , 181. Using the QGM representation of the query as input  , Plan Optimization then generates and models the cost of alternative plans  , where each plan is a procedural sequence of LOLEPOPs for executing the query. Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. Some of the issues to consider are: isolation levels repeatable read  , dirty read  , cursor stability  , access path selection table scan  , index scan  , index AND/ORing MHWC90  , Commit_LSN optimization Mohan90b  , locking granularity record  , page  , table  , and high concurrency as a query optimization criterion. The optimization techniques being currently implemented in our system are : the rewriting of the FT 0 words into RT o   , a generalization of query modification in order to minimize the number of transitions appearing in the query PCN  , the transformation of a set of database updates into an optimized one as SellisgS does  , and the " push-up " of the selections. -The optimizer can use the broad body of knowledge developed for the optimization of relational calculus and relational algebra queries see  JaKo85  for a survey and further literature. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. Let us mathematically formulate the problem of multi-objective optimization in database retrieval and then consider typical sample applications for information systems: Multi-objective Retrieval: Given a database between price  , efficiency and quality of certain products have to be assessed  Personal preferences of users requesting a Web service for a complex task have to be evaluated to select most appropriate services Also in the field of databases and query optimization such optimization problems often occur like in 22 for the choice of query plans given different execution costs and latencies or in 19 for choosing data sources with optimized information quality. The optimization problem can be solved by employing existing optimization techniques  , the computation details of which  , though tedious  , are rather standard and will not be presented here. It is not our goal in this paper to analyze optimization techniques for on-disk models and  , hence  , we are not going to compare inmemory and on-disk models. Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. In this paper we present a general framework to model optimization queries. As such  , the framework can be used to measure page access performance associated with using different indexes and index types to answer certain classes of optimization queries  , in order to determine which structures can most effectively answer the optimization query type. Each query was executed in three ways: i using a relational database to store the Web graph  , ii using the S-Node representation but without optimization  , and iii using S- Node with cluster-based optimization. The purpose of this example is not to define new optimization heuristics or propose new optimization strategies. Formulation A There are 171 separate optimization problems  , each one identical to the traditional  , nonparametric case with a different F vector: VP E  ?r find SO E S s.t. However  , the discussion of optimization using a functional or text index is beyond the scope of this paper. The leftmost point is for pure IPC and the rightmost for pure OptPFD. Our optimization strategies are provably good in some scenarios  , and serve as good heuristics for other scenarios where the optimization problem is NP-hard. In addition to considering when such views are usable in evaluating a query  , they suggest how to perform this optimization in a cost-based fashion. The results also shows how our conservative local heuristic sharply reduces the overhead of optimization under varying distributions. However   , the materialized views considered by all of the above works are traditional views expressed in SQL. Note that even our recipes that do not exploit this optimization outperform the optimized VTK program and the optimized SQL query. Some of the papers on query evaluation mentioned in section 4.2 consider this problem. Concerning query optimization  , existing approaches  , such as predicate pushdown U1188 and pullup HS93  , He194  , early and late aggregation c.f. Putting these together   , the ADT-method approach is unable to apply optimization techniques that could result in overall performance improvements of approximately two orders of magnitude! Traditional query optimization uses an enumerative search strategy which considers most of the points in the solution space  , but tries to reduce the solution space by applying heuristics. We have chosen not do use dynamic optimization to avoid high overhead of optimization at runtime. Our approach exploits knowledge from different areas and customizes these known concepts to the needs of the object-oriented data models. The major contribution of this paper is an extension of SA called Toured Simulated Annealing TSA  , to better deal with parallel query optimization. In this way  , after two optimization calls we obtain both the best hypothetical plan when all possible indexes are present and the best " executable " plan that only uses available indexes. We describe our evaluation below  , including the platform on which we ran our experiments  , the test collections and query sets used  , the performance measured. In the following  , we focus on such an instantiation   , namely we employ as optimization goal the coverage of all query terms by the retrieved expert group. In this optimization  , we transform the QTree itself. Our ideas are implemented in the DB2 family. We performed experiments to 1 validate our design choices in the physical implementation and 2 to determine whether algebraic optimization techniques could improve performance over more traditional solutions. Since the execution space is the union of the exccution spaces of the equivalent queries  , we can obtain the following simple extension to the optimization al- gorithm: 1. In the next Section we discuss the problem of LPT query optimization where we import the polynomial time solution for tree queries from Ibaraki 841 to this general model of  ,optimization. This is necessary to allow for both extensibility and the leverage of a large body of related earlier work done by the database research community. The second issue  , the optimization of virtual graph patterns inside an IMPRECISE clause  , can be addressed with similarity indexes to cache repeated similarity computations—an issue which we have not addressed so far. The goal is to keep the number of records Note that optimizing a query by transforming one boolean qualification into another one is a dynamic optimization that should be done in the user-to- LSL translator. It is the translator  , not the LSL interpreter  , which can easily view the entire boolean qualification so as to make such an optimization. The results with and without the pipelining optimization are shown in Figure 17. Besides these works on optimizer architectures  , optimization strategies for both traditional and " nextgeneration " database systems are being developed. This makes the framework appropriate for applications and domains where a number of different functions are being optimized or when optimization is being performed over different constrained regions and the exact query parameters are not known in advance. In summary  , navigation profiles offer significant opportunities for optimization of query execution  , regardless of whether the XML view is defined by a standard or by the application. This example illustrates the applicability of algebraic query optimization to real scientific computations  , and shows that significant performance improvements can result from optimization. Experimental results have shown that the costs for order optimization can have a large impact on the total costs of query optimization 3. Parallel optimization is made difficult by the necessary trade-off between optimization cost and quality of the generated plans the latter translates into query execution cost. In Section 3  , we show how our query and optimization engine are used in BBQ to answer a number of SQL queries  , 2 Though these initial observations do consume some energy up-front  , we will show that the long-run energy savings obtained from using a model will be much more significant. The basic idea behind our approach is similar in spirit to the one proposed by Hammcr5 and KingS for knowledge-based query optimization  , in the sense that we are also looking for optimization by semantic transformation. Other types of optimizations such as materialized view selection or multi-query optimization are orthogonal to scan-related performance improvements and are not examined in this paper. The horizontal optimization specializes the case rules of a typeswitch expression with respect to the possible types of the operand expression. This optimization problem is NP-hard  , which can be proved by a reduction from the Multiway Cut problem 3 . What differentiates MVPP optimization with traditional heuristic query optimization is that in an MVPP several queries can share some After each MVPP is derived  , we have to optimize it by pushing down the select and project operations as far as possible. The relation elimination proposed by Shenoy and Ozsoyoglu SO87 and the elimination of an unnecessary join described by Sun and Yu SY94 are very similar to the one that we use in our transformations. 11 ,12 a lot of research on query optimization in the context of databases and federated information systems. The introduction of an ER schema for the database improves the optimization that can be performed on GraphLog queries for example  , by exploiting functional dependencies as suggested in 25  , This means that the engineer can concentrate on the correct formulation of the query and rely on automatic optimization techniques to make it execute efficiently. For practical reasons we limited the scalability and optimization research to full text information re-trieval IR  , but we intend to extent the facilities to full fledged multimedia support. This gives the opportunity of performing an individual  , " customized " optimization for both streams. This study has also been motivated by recent results on flexible buffer allocation NFSSl  , FNSSl. We answer this question quantitatively in Section 6. However  , the key issue is doing this efficiently for practical cases. This optimization is performed first by noticing that the exponential loss En+m writes: The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. Stack Search Maximizing Eq. The window provides us with a safety frame that guides the search in a promising direction. iv The large volume of ESI needed to be handled has also been known to lead to suboptimal performance with traditional IR solutions that may need to search hundreds or thousands of individual search indexes when performing an investigative search. 1 also indicate an exponential increase in the number of web services over the last three years. We tackle i using heuristic search -a well known technique for dealing with combinatorial search spaces. an exhaustive search is not practical for high number of input attributes. The search technique needs to be combined with an estimator that can quantify the predictive ability of a subset of attributes. As with any program synthesis technique which fundamentally involve search over exponential spaces  , the cost of our technique is also worst case exponential in the size of the DSL. In our experiment  , the search workload under the fixed workload scheme is set to be 2500 50 generations with 50 individuals in each generation  and is stipulated by workload function w = ϕ 2 in The time complexity may now become exponential with respect to ϕ as long as the workload function is an exponential function w.r.t ϕ. As in relational databases  , where the problem of large search space is mainly caused by join series  , in OODBMS the search space of a query is exponential according to the length of path expressions. The RAND-WALK agent impkments a completely randomized search strategy  , which has been shown to have a search complexity that is exponential in the number of state-action pairs in the system 2  , lo. With the exponential growth of information on the Web  , search engine has become an indispensable tool for Web users to seek their desired information. However  , it is never Copyright is held by the International World Wide Web Conference Committee IW3C2. However  , the problem of finding optimal plans remains a difficult one. For example  , our Mergesort branch policy still leaves an exponential search for worst-case executions. As we hypothesized  , the rate parameter of the exponential in Eq. A query task classification system was also employed  , based on 32 words indicative of home page search such as 'home' or 'homepage'. Watchpoint descriptions begin with a list of module names. These search based methods work only for low-dimensional systems because their time/space complexity is exponential in the dimension of the explored set. For a given sample data set  , the number of possible model structures which may fit the data is exponential in the number of variables ' . In our experience of applying Pex on real-world code bases  , we identify that Pex cannot explore the entire program due to exponential path-exploration space. Existing DSE tools alleviate path explosion using search strategies and heuristics that guide the search toward interesting paths while pruning the search space. We also embedded the collision detection method within a search routine to generate collision-free paths. Practically  , it is impossible to search all subgraphs that appear in the database. This reduces the computational complexity from 0  2 ~  to oN~ or from exponential computational time to polynomial computational time  121. Frequent closed itemsets search space is exponential to |I| i.e. To solve the problems optimally  , it requires an exponential search. Since the space is exponential in the number of attributes   , heuristic search techniques can be used. Zweig and Chang 43 found that the use of Model M exponential n-gram language model with personalization features improved the speech recognition performance on Bing voice search. The current Web is largely document-centric hypertext. Unlike the univariate approach  , the tuning of covariance matrix Q has an exponential search space  , since we need to simultaneously set all diagonal elements. 26 introduces a way to empirically search for an exponential model for the documents. the size of the search space increases in a strong exponential manner as the number of input attributes grows  141  , i.e. These conditions are easily checked  , but the exponential number of partitions m must be fairly large to allow decryption renders ex- haustive search impossible. In the worst case  , the search for all possible alliances in order to not miss any solution to the original problem reintroduces exponential complexity. The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. When dealing with a human figure  , the notion of naturalness will come into consideration. Finding locally optimal solutions in this respect would be a logical approach and is the subject of current research. With about 32 degree of freedom DOfs to be determined for each frame  , there is the potential of exponential compl exity evaluating such a high dimensional search space. Theoretically  , the number of paths is exponential in the user-assigned search depth. Further advances in compositional techniques 26  , pruning redundant paths 7  , and heuristics search 9 ,40 are needed. Using an exponential distribution to accomplish a blending of time and language model Eq. From Table 1  , we can see that the search space for optimizing a path expression is exponential to the path length. The heuristic-search has the exponential computational complexity at the worst case. Because of the size of the graph  , this requires exponential time to solve using standard graph search techniques. However  , Grimson lo has shown that in the gencpal case  , where spurious m e a surements can arise  , the amount of search needed to find the hest interpretation is still exponential. A distributed e-library is perhaps best explained as a huge  , global database  , where search engines or directory services act as the indexes to information see  , Figure 11. To tame this exponential growth  , we use a beam search heuristic: in each iteration  , we save only the best β number of ungrounded rules and pass them to the next iteration. However  , for most practical problems  , solutions are easier to find and such search is not neces- sary. The organization of this paper is described as follows . Even though this bmte-force approach  , unlike the other work mentioned above  , guarantees optimality and completeness  , it k n o t practical for larger scale problems because of its computational complexity  , which is exponential in the number of moving droplets. As each evaluated state in the search requires execution of a collision detection method  , an efficient method will effectively reduce the magnitude of the base of the exponential relationship  , significantly improving the time performance of the search. This is especially important  , since the search space is exponential and the number of MDS patterns present in the data may also be very large. Due to its exponential complexity  , exhaustive search is only feasible for very simple queries and is implemented in few research DBMSs  , mainly for performance comparison purposes. Despite the exponential growth of Web content  , we believe the relevance of content returned by search engines will improve as query options will become more flexible. If the query optimizer can immediately find the profitable nary operators to apply on a number of collections  , the search space will be largely reduced since those collections linked by the nary operator can be considered as one single collection. An exhaustive search method that evaluates all the possible  i 0 values can require a total of r n combinations which is exponential with n and can require a large amount of calculation time. As the exponential growth of web pages and online documents continues  , there is an increasing need for retrieval systems that are capable of dealing with a large collection of documents and at the same time narrowing the scope of the search results not only relevant documents but also relevant passages or even direct answers. They adjust an exponential discount model to the expected quality of a search experience  , based on the session information. In modern query optimizer architectures FV94  , FG94  , different components are driven by different search strategies; thus  , it would be useful to have a special combination of strategies for optimizing path expressions . Early signs of such trends are visible with Google and Microsoft providing Twitter based search results for real-time events  , and exponential growth of tools like Yelp and Foursquare. The restricted search space has still an exponential size with respect to dimensionality  , which makes enumeration impossible for higher dimensionalities. In section 4 we show that for common scenarios there is significant benefit to nevertheless search for the best cost minimal reformulation. Unfortunately  , it is well known that the generation of the reachability tree takes exponential time for the general case. They use this model to generate a set of weights for terms from past queries  , terms from intermediate ranked lists and terms from clicked documents  , yielding an alternative representation of the last query in a session. If the moving direction keeps the same in the iterations  , the step increases faster than an exponential function and is given by iteration the search span at the moving direction  , a is the Fig. The approach to searching these huge spaces has been to apply heuristics to effectively reduce the extent of the space. Understandably  , model refinement implies exponential enhancement in the search space where the solution should be found. A simple chemical data set of 300 molecules can require many hours to mine when the user specifies a low support threshold. This occurs because a worst-case Mergesort execution must alternate between the two sides of a critical conditional  , but our generator can only capture that worst-case paths are always permitted to take either branch. This suggests that using the m most recent queries as the the search context for generating recommendations will likely introduce off-topic information  , causing recommendations that seem out of place. For taking the rank into consideration  , an exponential decay function with half-life α = 7 is proposed by Ziegler et al. Even then  , the exhaustive search is lirmted in the range and resolution of the weights considered  , and often has to be approximated by either gradient-descent or decomposmon techniques. The complexity of the planner is exponential on the number of joints  , and is of the order of Mn2nu   , where A4 is the discretization of the rectangular grid. A major challenge in substructure mining is that the search space is exponential with respect to the data set  , forcing runtimes to be quite long. To find out the best model structure from this huge space  , an efficient search strategy is highly demanded. Heuristic search aspires to solve this problem efficiently by utilizing background knowledge encoded in a heuristic function. After fitting a combination of exponential and Weibull models to their data  , they report that roughly 10% of inter-modification intervals are 10 days or less and roughly 72% are 100 days or less. To put this into perspective  , even for the simple snowflake example with 12 nodes  , the size of the lattice is 1024 and the size of the game tree is 1024 factorial the amount of time required to search the game tree  , an astronomically large number. In order to prevent this exponential increase of the planning time for queries with many patterns  , we use a greedy query optimizer when the number of patterns in the query is greater than a fixed number. Then the document scores and their new ranks are transformed using exponential function and logarithmic function respectively. In order to deal with configuration similarity under limited time  , Papadias et al. In Section 5 we present a technique based on analyzing the properties of ideal queries  , and using those observations to prune the option search space. In this work  , we take advantage of the advancement in speech recognition  , to explore a high-quality transcribed query log  , but do not delve into speech recognition aspects. Specifically  , it was shown empirically that the score distributions on a per query basis may be fitted using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. In order to avoid this situation  , most researchers 1623 focus on a special case where all images/frames contain exactly the same set of labeled objects. Along the line of similar studies  , the statistics suggest an exponential growth of pages on the WWW. In general  , in the worst case we would need to look at all possible subsets of triples an exponential search space even for the simplest queries. OPTIMIZED uses memoization to avoid this exponential explosion: it never expands a rule more than once per query. During the past decade colleges and universities have witnessed an exponential growth in digital information available for teaching and learning. The only approach that could be employed is systematic search  17 18  , which due to the worst case exponential cost is not guaranteed to terminate within reasonable time. We first show that the score distributions for a given query may be modeled using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. In these conditions   , the interpretation tree approach seems impracticable except for very small maps. However  , the discretized equations of motion can be formulated in such way that most of the operations can be precomputed. With a case-base on the order of ten cases  , we were able to solve a set of ASG tasks which otherwise require exponential time because of the spatial properties involved. Figure 3shows the scalability of All-Significant-Pairs and LiveSet-Driven with respect to various gradient thresholds . This is a very important issue since if the rules were applied in an unordered and exhaustive manner there would be the problem of exponential explosion of the search space. By making objects a part of the domain model  , SPPL planner avoids unnecessary grounding and symmetries  , and the search space is reduced by an exponential factor as a result. The occurrence of sub-itemsets in the search space is a threat when answer completeness is required. sheet approach all require user examination to discard unintended mappings 8  with extra effort devoted to search for mappings not automatically generated missed mappings. Allowing disconnected sub-ensembles would imply an exponential search through all subsets of the total ensemble  , and distributing information between the members of these subsets would require significant multi-hop messaging. T Query arrival rate described by an exponential distribution with mean 1/λ  , T = λ. ts Seek plus latency access time  , ms/postings list  , ts = 4 throughout. To allow larger distances to increase backtracking capability and avoid the exponential explosion  , a maximum number of markings is allowed at each level. The second challenge is that the MDS's frequency threshold cannot be set as high as it is in frequent subsequence mining. The straightforward exhaustive search is apparently infeasible to this problem  , especially for highdimensional datasets. The perplexity of tweet d is given by the exponential of the log likelihood normalized by the number of words in a tweet. In contrast  , the proposed approach in this paper leverages the exponential character of the probabilistic quadtree to dramatically reduce the state space  , which also benefits the Fig. In this section  , we show how to normalize a tRDF database — later  , in Section 6  , we will show experimentally that normalization plays a big part in evaluating queries efficiently at the expense of a small increase in the storage space. Our analytical model has these features:  Pages have finite lifetime following an exponential distribution Section 5.1. If the size of d is p the number of alternatives then after n steps there are pn possible target configurations  , so the search space is exponential. Although abstract action models capture the world dynamics compactly  , using them for planning is challenging: the state space in relational domains is exponential in the number of objects  , the search space of action sequences is huge  , and reasoning about actions is aggravated by the their stochasticity. The key feature of the prophet graph  , is that we can use it to compute the solution to the query without having to refer to the original graph G. Though PRO-HEAPS still has exponential computational complexity in the worst case  , in practice it is able to execute queries in real time as shown in our Section 4. The ontology building experience in my Grid suggests the need of automated tools that support the ontology curator in his work  , especially now with the exponential increase of the number of bioinformatics services. Because NDCG focuses on ranking for top pairs  , it is extensively used to measure and compare the performances of rankers or search engines. Our approach differs in three ways: our method for finding the internal grasp force can be carried on efficiently during the computation of the robot dynamics 9; we use a penalty-based optimization rather than a potentially exponential search; and we deal directly with the frictional constraints  , which requires knowing or estimating only the coefficient of kinetic friction between the fin ers and the grasped object. Simulated Annealing: Guided evolutionary simulated annealing GESA 19 combines simulated annealing and simulated evolution in a novel way. As compared with gradient-based or conjugate-type search  , simulated annealing can escape local minimum points 12. Simulated annealing takes a fixed number R of rounds to explore the solution space. 's simulated annealing solver. Extension of the simulated annealing technique include the mean field annealing 13 and the tree annealing 1141. However  , we found that SEESAW ran much faster and produced results with far less variance than simulated annealing. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , application of simulated annealing to disambiguate overlapping shapes is a novel contribution. Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. 3Table 4 : Example parameters for simulated annealing applied to the data point disambiguation prob- lem. The result is the modified assignment: Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. There are very few known constructions for mixed-level covering arrays. The situation can be improved by solving TSP strictly. The remaining query-independent features are optimised using FLOE 18. The solution using a Simulated Annealing method is sub-optimum. Applying the method of simulated annealing can be time consuming. 7 introduced "simulated annealing" principle to a multi-layered search for the global maximum. Table 5gives the overall results of these experiments using an annealing constant of 0.4 and 10k iterations. The results are compared to non-annealing methods and their effectiveness was demonstrated. It was shown that the perfomance of simulated annealing using the metric developed in this paper performs better than with another cost function which seeks to maximize the number of overlapping modules. Simulated annealing2 is a stochastic optimization technique that enables one to find 'low cost' configuration without getting trapped by the 'high cost' local minima. we continued to extend the optimization procedure  , including a version of simulated annealing. Simulated anneahng has been used m a variety of apphcation areas to good effect Klrkpatrlck 83. 15 proposed a simulated annealing approach to obtain optimal measurement pose set for robot calibration. They defined an observability index  , e.g. This is due to the fact that the Simulated Annealing method is a stochastic approach. This method is able to search the solution space and find a good solution for the problem. In each round a random successor of the current solution is looked at. We thus use simulated annealing 10  , a global optimization method. proposed a simulated annealing approach with several heuristics 9  , and Mathioudakis et al. function based on this metric to zero. Table 2lists the obtained space and performance figures. where the parameter T corresponds to artificial temperature in the simulated annealing method. The constraints used were similarity in image intensity and smoothness in disparity . In all our experiments  , the term frequency normalisation parameters are optimised using Simulated Annealing 15. Simulated annealing SA is implemented to optimize the global score S in Equation 1. Field-based models are trained through simulated annealing 23. Simulated Annealing devised by Kirkpatrick  , et. The candidate of route is generated randomly. By decreasing T gradually  , units tries possible reachable positions uniformly in earlier steps. We take mean field annealing approach MFA  , which is a deterministic approach and requires much less computational complexity than simulated annealing  , to locate the constrained global optimal solution. This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. requirements engineering 12 but most often in the field of software testing 1 . The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. Solutions for the SB approach were obtained running simulated annealing for R = 50  , 000 rounds. In this study  , maximizing L is equivalent to minimizing  In theory  , simulated annealing can find the global optimal solution that can maximize the function value by promising a proper probability. However  , practical difficulties arise in two aspects. Table 8compares results for some fixed level arrays reported in 22 . We apply simulated annealing SA in order to resolve individual data points within a region of overlap. Second  , Simulated Annealing SA starts at a random state and proceeds by random moves  , which if uphill  , are only accepted with certain probability. Techniques like simulated annealing  , the AB technique Swly93  , and iterative improvement will be essential. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9. With the same objective  , genetic search strategies Goldberg891 can be applied to query optimization  , as a generalization of randomized ones EibengOl. Thus  , a deformation that increases the objective function is sometimes generated  , which improves the performance of optimization. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. We plan to study this possibility in future work. On comparison with the simulated annealing method used in a prior publications 16  , we found that seesawing between {Low  , High} values was adequate for our purposes. To get around this inter-dcpcndency problem  , we can decompose the problem into two parts and take an itcrativc approach. Simulated Annealing the system has frozen. In this method  , the TSP was solved as a sub-optimal exploration path by using a Simulated Annealing method SI. A hybrid methodology that uses simulated annealing and Lagrangian relaxation has recently been developed to handle the set-up problem in systems with three or more job classes ll. In principle  , the sub-optimal task sequence planning can be implemented by integrating the computation of the step motion times with simulated annealing. Simulated annealing is a capable of crossing local minima and locating the global minimum 6. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. For these arrays  , simulated annealing finds an optimal solution. Examples of such strategies are simulated-annealing Ioannidis871 and iterative- improvement Swami88. A combination of the downhill simplex method and simulated annealing 9 was used. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. Since there is no guarantee of a unique extremum in the cost function   , a method like simulated annealing can be used to optimize the cost function 22. al  , 1983  has been shown effective in solving large combinato enable transitions from the local minima to higher energy states and then to the minimum in a broader area  , a statistical approach was introduced. Even thouglh simulated annealing is a very powerful technique  , it has the uncertainties associated with a randomized approach. Since softassign determines the correspondence between data sets  , the exact correspondences are not needed in advance. Essentially local techniques such as gradient descent  , the simplex method and simulated annealing are not well suited to such landscapes. Further more  , literature on this method doesn't mention any restriction about its use. Perhaps a non-gradient-based global approach  , such as a genetic or simulated annealing technique might be more appropriate to this problem. A high sparseness parameter leads to rules that have a few large and many small but non-zero coefficients. Association discovery is a fundamental data mining task. Simulated annealing has been used by Nurmela and¨Ostergård and¨ and¨Ostergård 18  , to construct covering designs which have a structure very similar to covering arrays. While our techniques are fully general  , we have emphasized the fixed level cases in our reporting so that we can make comparisons with results in the literature. Randomized strategies do not  , guarantee that the best solution is obtained  , but avoid the high cost of optimization. The method of simulated annealing provides suck a technique of avoiding local minima. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. First  , we introduce some additional notation to be used in this section: T start denotes the initial temperature parameter in simulated annealing  , f T < 1 denotes the multiplicative factor by which the temperature goes down every I T iterations and N is the number of samples drawn from the stationary distribution.  Query term distribution and term dependence are two similar features that rely on the difference of the query term distributions between the the homepage collection and the content-page collection. All of these lechniques musl  , lo be successful  , must outperform exhaustive search optimiJalion above 10 01 15 way joins in selecting access paths while Hill being within a few percent of the optimal plan. Changes in the robot's base position to the left  , right or back did not notably increase the overall grasp quality in that setup. The simulated annealing method is used in order not to be trapped into a bad local optimum. Others like 6 proposes a rule-based on-line scheduling system for an FMS that generates appropriate priority rules to select a transition to be fired from a set of conflicting transitions. Other important questions in this context that need to be explored are: How to choose classes ? The rate at which the correspondences are tightened is controlled by a simulated annealing schedule. This is unlike simulated annealing or MaxWalkSat  , which simultaneously offer settings to all features at every step of their reasoning. However the substantial time required and perhaps the complexity of implementing such methods has led to the widespread use of simpler heuristics  , such as hill-climbing 8 and greedy methods. The key to using simulated annealing to compute something useful is to get the energy mini- mization function to correspond to some important relationship  , for example  , the closeness of For the purposes of this paper we will give exampIes from the medium-sized AI tools knowledge base. In order to generate a path that could avoid obstacles  , we set the path length that is overlapped by obstacle as infinite. Additionally  , because of the initially high control parameter value analogous to temperature in the simulated annealing dynamics of GESA  , a poorly performing child can succeed the parent of its family in the initial stages  , thus enabling escape from local minimum traps. The simulated annealing method has been used in many applications; TSP  , circuit design  , assembly design as well as manufacturing problems  , for example  , for lot size and inventory control Salomon  , et. This is because if there is a move possible which reduces energy   , simulated annealing will always choose that and in that case the value of the ratio AEIT does not influence the result. The method of simulated annealing was used with this metric as the energy function for two sets of initial and final configurations one simply connected and one containing a loop. Further  , they propose the use of simulated annealing to attempt to solve the reconfiguration problem. For this project  , we have used a different approach  , which is to seed the search space with many guesses  , taking the best one the smallest average distance error  , and running it to minimization. Variation of iterations The impact of a duplication of the number of performed iterations is relatively small and very much depends on the type of investigated graph G. Further information is given in the appendix. Instead of using probability to decide on a move when the cost is higher  , a worse feasible solution is chosen if the cost is less than the current threshold 1 . We employ simulated annealing  , a stochastic optimization method to segregate these shapes and find the method to be fairly accurate. Figure 7 shows the result of simulated annealing in trajectory planning when applied to the example in figure 6d. They are difficult to initialize owing to the wide forbidden regions  , and apt to fall into poor local minima and then waste a lot of time locating them very precisely. Planning of motion has exploited the strength of simulated annealing 15  , distributed approaches 13 ,16-171  , closed-chain reconfiguration  181 and multi-layered solvers  10 ,12 ,19. are used with simulated annealing where C denotes the current configuration of the robot and F denotes the final configuration desired. First  , the difference of the number of modules and the number of overlapping modules of any two configurations with the same number of modules defined as overlap metric in Section 3 is considered. As a result  , it is best suited for performing; a number of off line simulations and then using the best one out of those to reconfigure the robot instead of real time application. In this paper we define a useful metric which is one of many possibtle measures of distance between configurations of a metamorphic system. However   , our method is not time-consuming and experimental results show that we always get a correct minimum in a low number of iterations. The difficulty is that in a complex image context  , the target boundary is usually a global energy minimum under certain constraints for instance  , constraints of target object interior characteristics instead of the actual global energy minimum contour. dynamic programming  , greedy  , simulated annealing  , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 22. To avoid this  , in our first tests on the first two benchmarks   , we applied a simulated annealing based 10 optimization method  , which optimized the parameters of the underlying learning method. This property opens the way to randomized search e.g. The technique proposed assumes the parameter space to be discrete and runs the randomized query optimizer for each point in the parameter space. Once the optimization procedure has selected a dig  , it can be mapped back to the joints of the excavator. In simulated annealing  , the current state may be replaced by a successor with a lower quality. Overlapping data points occur frequently in 2-D plots and identifying each individual data point and its coordinates is a difficult task. Kuo and Chen propose an approach that utilizes a controlled vocabulary from cross-document co-reference chains for event clus- tering 17  , 18. In this paper  , we present a stochastic search technique using simulated annealing to solve the machine loading problem in FAS. Our method gives feasible solution by judicious choice of parameters and outperforms the method proposed by Lashkari 5  , in terms of the quality of the optimal solution. Another difficult issue only briefly mentioned in our previous presentation  , was the constraint that the robots had to end up in specific locations. Figure 4illustrates CSSA for the case where the user requires the best K solutions exceeding the similarity specified by target. The second category of DCMs model target boundary as global energy minimum 10 11 and take global optimization approaches specifically simulated annealing to locate them. In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. It has also been extended to allow partial coverage of the required skills  , introducing a multi-objective optimization problem that is optimized using simulated annealing 8 . It may also be undesirable that randomization without the use of stored seeds in these types of methods produce different results each time the method is used. Both the Mozer and the Bein and Smolensky models used a-constant link weight between terms and document$ CODEFINDER extends the model further by making use of inverse document frequency measures for link weights. The information about the grasp quality was delivered from ROS' own grasp planning tool  , which uses a simulated annealing optimization to search for gripper poses relative to the object or cluster 27. To find a near-optimal solution  , we employed the simulated annealing method which has been shown effective for solving combinatorial optimization problems. In Section 4  , the time-suboptimal task sequence planning and time-efficient trajectory planning for two arms with free final configurations and unspecified terminal travelling time are integrated. To establish the framework for modeling search strategies  , we view the query optimization problem as a search problem in the most general sense. Configuration similarity simulated annealing CSSA  , based on 215  , performs random walks just like iterative improvement Figure 3Parameter tuning for GCSA but in addition to uphill  , it also accepts downhill moves with a certain probability  , trying to avoid local maxima. Thus  , the training time for the simulated annealing method can be greatly reduced. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. This also happens to be the KB that we did more experiments on since it provided more complexity and more representative prob- lems. For example  , in both cases AEi is always negative for some move i  , until a local minima is reached and such minima are few in the complete reconfiguration of the robot from the initial to the final configuration. It deals effectively with path planning  , and incorporates the method of simulated annealing to avoid local minima regardless of domain dimension or complexity . This parameter selection approach can be viewed as a function minimizing method  , where the input of the objective function is the parameter of the underlying learner and the value of the function is the aggregated error of the underlying method on a fixed optimization set. A way to avoid local minima is the use of simulated annealing on the potential field representation of the obstacle regions: the potential field represents abstractly the obstacle region and  , as time goes by  , the representation becomes more accurate. The concept of building robots which are capable of changing their structure according to the needs of the prescribed task and the conditions of the environment has been inspired from the idea of forming topologically different objects with a single and massively interconnected system. In PT modification  , which occurs in randomized and genetic strategies  , states are complete IQ  , an action is a transform or a crossover method and the goal description involves a stop condition based on specific parameters of the search strategies e.g. Two-stage hill climbing 5.2.1. T o obtain a successor node during hill climbing mode  , the following steps are taken. In the hybrid SSH  , localization by hill-climbing is replaced by localization in an LPIM. Two hill climbing scenarios are considered below. The hill climbing method generates solutions very fast if it does not encounter deadends. This experiment validates the effectiveness of the weighted LHS combined with the Smart Hill-Climbing. percolation "  ? .. -the way this task can bc achicvcd : " hill-climbing " gradient methods  ? " 12 and 13show the concave and convex transition of climbing up hill respectively. hill there may exist a better solution. This measure is then used for a search method similar to the hill climbing method. Hence  , the solution most likely converges to local minimum. 4. GA optimization combined with simple hill climbing is used to improve gaits. Finally  , it describes how SBMPC was specialized to the steep hill climbing problem. Hill climbing does not work well for nonconvex spaces  , however  , since it will terminate when it finds a local maxima. In both cases  , concave and convex transition gait are performed sequentially. The detailed tracing results show that hill-climbing started from choosing topfacets and gradually replaced similar facets by less similar ones. However  , even if we combine DP with hill-climbing  , the planning problem is not yet free from combinatorial explosion . However   , we adjust all the weights in a WNB simultaneously  , unlike the hill climbing method  , in which we adjust each weight individually. The final facets selected by hill-climbing usually were still within the top 30%  , while the ones selected by random-were evenly distributed among the results from single-facet ranking. We have experimented with hill climbing in our model fitting problem  , and confirmed that it produces suboptimal results because the similarity metric dK or others is not strictly convex. In the sequel we describe several alternatives of hill climbing and identify the problem properties that determine performance by a thorough investigation of the search space. The general approach can be used to specify the vehicle velocity at the top of the hill in the steep hill climbing problem. Alternatively  , we can follow the hill climbing approach but it is computationally more expensive and requires more scans of the database 18. Each experiment performed hill climbing on a randomly selected 90% of the division data. The hill-climbing match procedure typically requires about one minute. Ten experiments were performed with each of the two divisions. A * search is therefore more computationally expensive on average than hill climbing. The heuristical method can be enhanced with known methodologies such as hill climbing. Finally  , a hill-climbing phase in which different implernentation choices are considered reintroduces some of the interactions. Figure 2 only shows the most often influential attributes; i.e. This procedure is formalized in Alg. As the robot climbed the hill  , it decelerated  , resulting in a continual decrease in velocity. Metaheuristic algo- rithms 9 are elaborate combinations of hill climbing and random search to deal with local maxima. The other dramatic effect is the time taken with hill-climbing; not only is it just a fraction of the time taken without hill-climbing  , it is very close to being a constant  , varying between 32- 42ps for this set of randomised motion parameters and hull sizes between 10 and 500. For feature smoothing  , we found that it is valuable to apply different amounts of smoothing to single term features and proximity features 5. This prompts a need to develop a technique to escape from local minima through tunnelling or hill-climbing. Three basic search techniques are combined to perform the search through the octree space. In our experiments  , the parameter pair Second  , we use the hill-climbing a1 orithm and the crossover-swapping operator in paralfel. Although it is not possible to avoid deadends completely during the search  , we can minimize the probability of encountering deadends based on the measure developed here. Such a path always exists for a connected graph. Further parallelization is possible by batching up all the states to be evaluated in a single optimizer step. For performance reasons  , the iterative medoid-searching phase is performed on a sample using a greedy hill-climbing technique. After this iterative search  , an additional pass over the data is performed for refinement of clusters  , medoids and associated subspaces. 11shows the result for hill climbing using SBMPC  , which commanded the robot to back up and then accelerate to a velocity of 0.55 m/s at 1.5 s  , a velocity maintained until approximately 2.3 s  , the time at which the vehicle was positioned at the bottom of the hill. When the objective function has an explicit form  , Hill-climbing could quickly reach an optimal point by following the local gradients of the function. One approach to reducing the number of choice interactions that must be considered is described by Low 'Low  , 1974. If the stopping condition is not met  , the framework will use a hill-climbing strategy to find a new value for N and a new iteration will start. Feature weights are learned by directly maximizing mean average precision via hill-climbing. Now that the model has been fully specified  , the final step is to estimate the model parameters. We now describe a technique that incorporates hill-climbing and is roughly We assume that which vertices are adjacent to each vertex is pre-computed and stored as a part of the polyhedron representation. Mobile manipulators may have difficulties for the stability in climbing up a hill  , maneuvering on unstructured terrain  , and fast manipulation. following and hill-climbing control laws  , moving between and localizing at distinctive states. The JUKF functioned as expected. The transformation that produces the best match is then used to correct the dead reckoning error. High and low values were chosen empirically based on reasonable values for level ground and hill climbing. All parameter values are tuned based on average precision since retrieval is our final task. Like the hill climbing method  , we stop adjusting the weights when the increase between the current AUC and the previous AUC is less than a very small value ¯. Expert knowledge can be included in the methods  , and the definition of the problem can be changed in different ways to reflect different user envi- ronments. Overall  , hill-climbing helps us reducing overlapping facets without losing much coverage of target articles. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. There exist two general approaches: the hill-climbing approach based on the MDL score 16  , 23  , the prevalent  , more practical one which is used here  , and the constraint-based approach. First  , it can localize unambiguously at any pose within the LPM rather than relying on the basic SSH strategy of hill-climbing to an unambiguous pose. Hill-climbing method is used for its simplicity and effectiveness. In our approach to GSL  , data patterns are first matched to HEC cluster patterns through hill-climbing 8201. Then mobile robots can plan motion using the multi-functional and efficient traversability vector t-vector obstacle detection model 6. To reduce the computational cost  , pruning using problem specific constraints is necessary. ORCLUS 3  , finds arbitrarily oriented clusters by using ideas related to singular value decomposition. To identify modes  , all data points are taken as starting points and their location is updated through a sequence of hill climbing step. Only those data points that have a density exceeding the noise threshold before beginning the hill-climbing are assigned to a cluster center. This hill-climbing search was conducted on COCOMO II data divided into pre-and post-1990 projects. We usually settle at a maximum within 15–25 iterations: Figure 3shows that Jα quickly grows and stabilizes with successive iterations. For the following discussion  , we assume medium or large nonindexed images and unrestricted variables. Earlier authors have considered instead using hill-climbing approaches to adjust the parameters of a graph-walk 14. 1for the robot is generated between the two node positions. In many cases the contact positions had to be heavily adjusted to fulfill reachability. Since our method has only 3 parameters  , we calculated their optimal setting with a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search method. Tuning Interrelated Knobs: We may know of fast procedures to tune a set of interrelated knobs. Note  , that this maximization is a special case of the maximization of the posterior 3  , just that the likelihood becomes a constant. We run preliminary experiments on a small scale system to validate that the theoretical results hold. That figure shows the percentage of times an attribute was selected by a N =4 hill climbing search. Hill climbing has the potential to get stuck in a local minimum or freeze  , so stopping heuristics are required. The hill-climbing approach is fast and practical. We then perform a hill-climbing search in the hierarchy graph starting from that pair. In order to comprehend the behavior of hill climbing under different combinations of search strategies  , we first study the search space for configuration similarity. Therefore  , we propose as an " optimal " path the one obtained by a hill-climbing method with Euclidean distances as the metric for edge weight. Remolina and Kuipers 13  ,  151 present a formalization of the SSH framework as a non-monotonic logical theory. A gateway is a boundary between qualitatively different regions of the environment: in the basic SSH  , the boundary between trajectory-following and hill-climbing applicability. Each gateway has two directions  , inward and outward. For the refinement step  , we apply a greedy hill climbing procedure explained in Sec. This energy could be employed for hill climbing or long jumping  , or converted to vertical motion in a " pole vaulting " mode. Accepting bad moves corresponds to perform what is called a hill climbing: on the other side of the hill there may exist a better solution. This commanded velocity profile resulted in the vehicle's front wheels reaching the top of the hill at approximately 4.1 s. A time-lapse sequence of the motion with and without SBMPC is shown in Figure 12. All the other runs got stuck in an infeasible local maximum. Section II describes the dynamic model used in this research  , which was developed in 5 and emphasizes important model features that enable it to be used for motion planning in general and the steep hill climbing problem in particular. Second  , it constructs a complete representation of the paths at the place  , and hence of the dstates and possible turn actions. The hill climbing search strategy modifies the position of one fixel at a time until arriving at a fixel configuration achieving simultaneous contact and providing force closure with the feature tuple. Deletion of tuples is performed symmetrically  , from the leaves to the root  , updating each concerned summary to take into account tuple deletion. The β values are tuned via hill climbing based on the hybrid NDCG values of the final ranking lists merged from different rankers. Since both energy functions can be locally minimized by preserving the overlap  , a definite hill climbing is involved. It should be noted that local optimizing techniques  , such as hill climbing  , cannot be used here to find the global optimum  , due to the presence of local extrema. Despite the great deal of motion planning research  , not much work has been done directly on the area of pushing planning. surface are iden tifiedand counted as rocks for inclusion in the roughness assessment. Surprisingly  , although ensemble selection overfits with small data  , reliably picking a single good model is even harder—making ensemble selection more valuable. The latter approach was chosen in this paper because it avoids representing the high-dimensional feature space. Note that hill-climbing strategies are currently the only ones that are compatible with LLA  , because statistical goodness-offit tests χ 2  require the compared models to be nested. The method applies a " hill-climbing " strategy that makes use of a 3-D playing area measuring   , as visualised in the illustrations discussed above. In the latter case the hill-climbing procedure has been ineffective in escaping a poor local optimum. The average width and height of the facets generated by the three methods were about the same  , except that random-occasionally chose some much wider facets. However  , unlike the hill climbing approach where all the points are reassigned to the clusters  , we do not reassign the points already assigned to the 'complete' clusters . The system performs the path search in an octree space  , and uses a hybrid search technique that combines hypothesize and test  , hill climbing  , and A ' This paper discusses some of the issues related to fast 3-D motion planning  , and presents such a system being developed at NRS. The dotted lines indicate the path each contact took in 3D space during the iterated refinement and hill climbing steps. We can now focus on these type-II knobs  , and perform hill climbing to obtain a potentially better knob configuration. The so-called hill-climbing search method locally optimize the summary hierarchy such that the tree is an estimated structure built from past observations and refined every time a new tuple is inserted. In the experiments for this problem  , only 8 out of 480 single start statistical hill-climbing runs 6 hours on one Sparc 20 per run converged to a feasible solution-that is approximately 1.7%. It can be noticed that climbing hills are not very well localised and that sometimes rocks are wrongly classified as steps down. This set of items is a complete description of what the mobile robot can see during its runs. The procedure commences with initial support and confidence threshold values  , describing a current location   in the base plane of the playing area. Although hill-climbing had a slightly worse target article coverage than the other two 5% less  , it outperformed them in pair-wise similarity which means the facets selected have smaller overlap of navigational paths. The number of blocks remains constant throughout the hill climbing trial. Additional parameters are tuned by running a hill-climbing search on the training data. Several measurements were made to ascertain the quality of the various selection techniques  , as seen in Figure 1. All of the design and selection of the distance measures was done using hill-climbing on the development set  , and only after this exploration was In Figure 1we see both development and test set results for answer selection experiments involving a sample of the distance measures with which we experimented. Applying a hill-climbing strategy for workload intensity along the stress vectors  , we are able to reach the stress goal. Due to the absence of the training corpus  , the tuning of all parameters was performed on the testing data using a brute-force hill-climbing approach. However  , the conventional G A applications generate a random initial population without using any expert knowledge. Further  , we will replace the exponential moving average with an more efficient stochastic gradient hill climbing strategy. This way it can significantly increase the number of prob­ lems for which a solution can be found. We have developed a technique that uses a hill-climbing search to match evidence grids constructed at the same estimated position at different times. The presented data is taken from the above experiment and for the bunny object. 3represents the largest possible output power for one side of the vehicle  , which is 51 W. Generally speaking  , the torque limit constraint 5 is what causes deceleration when climbing a steep hill  , while the power constraint 6 limits the speed of the vehicle while traveling on either horizontal or sloped terrains. This allows us to use iterative hill-climbing approaches  , such as coordinate ascent  , to optimize the classifier in under an hour.  The knowledge base is enriched by learning from user behaviors  , such that the retrieval performance can be enhanced in a hill-climbing manner.  The LGM provides a solid and generic foundation for multimedia retrieval  , which can be extended towards a number of directions. The problems remaining are those of stability and reliability. These parameters can be divided into two kinds: the weights on the classes of words  , like people or locations  , and the thresholds for deciding if enough of the content is novel. In general  , the quality of solutions increases with density. For the few times that the position uncertainty became too large  , we were able to re-estimate initial positions using hill-climbing and GSL. At the current stage of our work  , the parameters are selected through exhaustive search or manually hill-climbing search. Therefore  , a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search is used to optimize mean average precision by starting at the full independence parameter setting λT = 1  , λO = λU = 0. In this case it is advisable to choose the optimum slope which requires the nummum energy consumption. The relocalization subsystem then used hill-climbing to find the best match between these two grids and output the estimated error. During these experiments  , transient changes were present  , in the form of people moving past the robot as it constructed these evidence grids. A hill-climbing gradient ascent technique described independently by Sanderson 9 and Jarvis 4 is to compute the criterion function  , move the lens  , recompute the Criterion function  , and look at the sign of the difference of the criterion. As can be seen  , the energy function corresponding to the optimal assignment metric yields ibetter results than the overlap metric in all cases. In general  , the fitness of the composite operator is adjusted as  By adjusting the operator fitness  , we balance the exploration of new search space and the exploitation of promising solutions found by the hill-climbing algo- rithm. Anyway  , the C parameter tuning is a very time and labor intensive work so that we need some automatic hill-climbing parameter calibration given enough computing power. We needed to index most of the content  , so indexing the content with partial noise was preferred to the one where some content blocks are unrecognized. The ultimate goal of this work is the development of 3D machines that can cross rugged  , natural andl manmade terrains. The heading is then modified so that the robot moves towards the stronger reading. In 8  , we analyzed a simple vision-motion planning problem and concluded that hill-climbing is useful to limit a search space at each stage of DP. Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. In this paper we present a randomized and hill-climbing technique which starts with an initial priority scheme and optimizes this by swapping two randomly chosen robots. For forward selection  , the generation of candidate alternatives to a current model relies on the addition of edges  , because graphical models are completely defined by their edges or two-factor terms. The method searches for the weights that correspond to the best projection of data in the ddimensional space according to S&D. This phase follows a hill climbing strategy   , that is  , in each iteration  , a new partition is computed from the previous one by performing a set of modifications movements of vertices between communities. Given ℐ −   , instead of exhaustively considering all possible element subsets of ℐ −   , we apply a hill-climbing method to search for a local optimum  , starting from a random -facet interface ℐ . To increase the chance of forming a good solution we repeat the random walk or trial a number of times  , each time beginning with a random initial feasible solution. Since EIL for M CICM where the limiting campaign has high effectiveness property or for COICM in general are submodular and monotone  , the hill climbing approach provides a 1 − 1/e ap- proximation 10  , 36 for these problems. We shall examine normalized vectors to see if it helps for an easier parameter tuning. The small number of queries in the testing dataset precluded the use of any statistical significance tests. Rather  , it selects a successor at random  , and moves to that successor provided that there is an improvement of MP C. The computation usually halts when we have not been able to choose a better successor after a fixed number of attempts. In other search engines such as Hill-Climbing  , it is clear that starting from a good location can significantly improve chances for convergence to an optimal solution in a much shorter time. Given that the Meet space is unlikely to be convex  , there is no guarantee that this greedy hill climbing approach will find a global optimum  , but  , as we will show  , it tends to reliably find good solutions for our particular problem. Since our parameter space is small  , we make use of a simple hill climbing strategy  , although other more sophisticated approaches are possible 10. Under the experiment's conditions  , the maximum speed on smooth level ground was 4 2 c d s or approximately 2.5 body lengths per second. The goal was to apply SBMPC to the hill climbing problem in a computationally efficient manner. However  , one recursive coarsening step already improves results considerably over mere hill climbing on the original mesh at level 0. For this  , we consider how many hill climbing steps the approach requires at each level and how many grasps need to be compared in each of these steps. In order to maintain a heading close to the centre of the chemical plume the robot employs a hill-climbing strategy in which the robot turns to take sensor readings to the left and right of its current heading. All of the timings in this section were done on a 120MHz Pentium PC running Linux  , and the code was compiled using the gcc compiler with optimisation turned on  , This figure illustrates clearly the usefulness of hill-climbing  , with the effect being most noticeable for larger hulls. Despite previous refinements to avoid overfitting the data used for ensemble hill- climbing 3   , our experiments show that ensemble selection is still prone to overfitting when the hillclimb set is small. For large document clusters  , it has been found to yield good results in practice  , i.e. The presentation emphasizes the importance of using a closed-loop model i.e. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. We produce five queries with 9 variables  , and five with 12  , and for each query we generate 500 random solutions in a dataset of 1 ,000 uniformly distributed rectangles with density 0.5 density is defined as the sum of all rectangle areas divided by the workspace. The idea of considering both similarity and cost is motivated in Section 4.2.   , pagelinks.sql  , categorylinks.sql  , and redirect.sql  , which provide all the relevant data including the hyperlinks between articles  , categories of articles   , and the category system. These latter effects probably account for the increase in average time per operation for the hill-climbing version to around 250-300ns; the difference in the code for these two methods is tiny. When a local maximum is reached with a stepsize of 0.125 feet and 0.125 degrees  , the search is stopped and the resulting maximum is output as the transformation between the two evidence grids. Besides the discrete design variables  , the size of the search space is further increased by six continuously varying parameters defining the position and orientation of the space shuttle with respect to the satellite. The speed limitations are expected to be particularly important when planning minimum time paths on undulating terrain. Given the vertex We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. The final solution to the optimization problem is a setting of the parameters w and a pruning threshold that is a local maximum for the Meet metric. In order to test this observation we ran experiments with the four variations of hill climbing 2 variable selection  2 value selection mechanisms using query sets of 6 and 15 variables over datasets of I000 uniformly distributed rectangles with densities of 0.1 and 1. Figure 7a presents the performance of the predictive hill climbing approachPHCA and the degree centralityDegi  heuristic under various amounts of missing information for the case where the limiting campaign L is started with 30% delay. The expected log-likelihood 14 i s maximized using EM  , a popular niethod for hill climbing in likelihood space for problems with latent variables 2. Finally  , note that we have assumed here that the coordinates of the object vertices are available on There is a catch though: whereas in visualisation we usually view from single directions  , in simulation we are likely to want to keep track of distances between many pairs of objects lo . We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. Ranking the words according to their scores. In whatever experiments  , the BCDRW method significantly outperforms the BASIC method. The improvements of precision and popular tag coverage are statistically significant  , both up to more than 10%. BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W  , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking  , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. Interpretations to a book vary much in different reviews  , just as Shakespeare said  , " There are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes " . The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. These three input parameters have already been introduced before. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. Viterbi recognizer search. References will usually denote entities contained in the discourse model  , which is updated after every utterance with entities introduced in that utterance. When optimizing the model the most likely path through the second level model is sought by the Viterbi approxima- tion 24 . Even though we have described the tasks of content selection and surface realization separately  , in practice OCELOT selects and arranges words simultaneously when constructing a summary . This approach is similar to the one described in  Second  , we tested a more sophisticated named entity recognizer NER based upon a regularized maximum entropy classifier with Viterbi decoding. The sequence of states is seen as a preliminary segmentation. The decoder can handle position-dependent  , cross-word triphones and lexicons with contextual pronunciations. served as ranking criterion. To bootstrap this rst training stage  , an initial state-level segmentation was obtained by a Viterbi alignment using our last evaluation system. This is a typical decoding task  , and the Viterbi decoding technique can be used. where y* is the class label with the highest posterior probability under the model IJ  , or the most likely label sequence the Viterbi parse. We have improved the Viterbi-based splitting model feeding it with a dataset larger than the one used in 1. The Viterbi Doc-Audition scoring method is a straightforward procedure that ranks those documents with repertoires containing a highly-weighted pseudoquery above those that are top renderers only of lowerweighted ones. 2 A Viterbi distribution emitting the probability of the sequence of words in a sentence. We can also adjust the model parameters such as transition  , emission and initial probabilities to maximize the probability of an observable sequence. Modelling the speech signal could be approached through developing acoustic and language models. σ  , the number of documents to which a cluster's score is distributed Equation 3: {5 ,10 ,20 ,30 ,40} ρ  , the number of rounds: 1–2  , Cluster-Audition; 1–5  , Viterbi Doc-Audition and Doc-Audition. Augmenting each word with its possible document positions  , we therefore have the input for the Viterbi program  , as shown below: For this 48-word sentence  , there are a total of 5.08 × 10 27 possible position sequences. We have used the Google N-grams collection 6   , taking the frequency of words from the English One Million collection of Google books from years 1999 to 2009. We apply generic Viterbi search techniques to efficiently find a near-optimal summary 7. In this step  , if any document sentence contributes only stop words for the summary  , the matching is cancelled since the stop words are more likely to be inserted by humans rather than coming from the original document. Scores are assigned to each expansion by combining the backward score g  , computed by the translation model from the end to the current position of i  , and the forward score h computed by the Viterbi search from the initial to the current position of i. The Viterbi path contains seven states as the seventh state was generated by the sixth state and a transition to the seventh state. There are many approaches for doing this search  , the most common approach that is currently used is Viterbi beam search that searches for the best decoding hypothesis with the possibility to prune away the hypotheses with small scores. To appl9 machine learning to this problem  , we need a large collection of gistcd web pages for training. There are a number of possible criteria for the optimality of decoding  , the most widely used being Viterbi decoding. The connection to VT should be clear: if one introduces the hidden variable I denoting the index of the model that generated the sequence Y as a non-emitting state then the procedure can be thought of as the partial Viterbi alignment of Y to the states where only the alignment w.r.t. Therefore  , every word is determined a most likely document tion. BSBM supposes a realistic web application where the users can browse products and reviews. BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates. We randomly generated 100 different query mix of the " explore " use-case of BSBM. Each dataset has its own community of 50 clients running BSBM queries. On the BSBM dataset  , the performance of all systems is comparable for small dataset sizes  , but RW-TR scales better to large dataset sizes  , for the largest BSBM dataset it is on average up to 10 times faster than Sesame and up to 25 times faster than Virtuoso. This behavior promotes the local cache. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. We extend the BSBM by trust assessments. The BSBM executes a mix of 12 SPARQL queries over generated sets of RDF data; the datasets are scalable to different sizes based on a scaling factor. The queries are in line with the BSBM mix of SPARQL queries and with the BSBM e-commerce use case that considers products as well as offers and reviews for these products. Due to space limitations   , we do not present our queries in detail; we refer the reader to the tSPARQL specification instead. The sp2b uses bibliographic data from dblp 12 as its test data set  , while the bsbm benchmark considers eCommerce as its subject area. This is normal because the cache has a limited size and the temporal locality of the cache reduce its utility. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. 5 BSBM is currently focused on SPARQL queries  , therefore we plan to develop a set of representative SPARQL/Update operations to cover all features of our approach. We found that for the BSBM dataset/queries the average execution time stays approximately the same  , while the geometric mean slightly increases. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark 17 BSBM also generates fulltext content and person names. Figure 6 shows the results of these evaluations. For more details of the evaluation framework please refer to 15 ,16. Therefore  , 5 entries in the profile is sometimes not enough to compute a good similarity. The experimental results in Table 5show that exploiting the emergent relational schema even in this very preliminary implementation already improves the performance of Virtuoso on a number of BSBM Explore queries by up to a factor of 5.8 Q3  , Hot run. The geometric mean does not change dramatically  , because most queries do not touch more data on a larger dataset. Finally  , we present our conclusions and future work in Section 5. We also take into account that resources of BSBM data fall into different classes. We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator  , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. Our extension  , available from the project website  , reads the named graphs-based datasets  , generates a consumer-specific trust value for each named graph  , and creates an assessments graph. Figure 6shows the distribution of queries over clients. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. For the LUBM dataset/queries the geometric mean stays approximately the same  , whilst the average execution time decreases. We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 2 to set up the experiment environment. We generate co-reference for each class separately to make sure that resources are only equivalent to those of the same class. In Section 4 we describe our evaluation using the BSBM synthetic benchmark  , and three positive experiences of applying our approach in real case projects. Figure 4bshows that the number of calls answered by caches are proportional with the size of the cache. As in the previous experimentation  , we run a new experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M hosted on the same LDF server with 2 different URLs. Two set of queries are used to perform two tasks: building a type summary and calculating some bibliometrics-based summary.  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. The flow of BSBM queries simulates a real user interacting with a web application. The SP 2 Bench and BSBM were not considered for our RDF fulltext benchmark simply due to the fact of their very recent publication. The BSBM benchmark 1 is built around an e-commerce use case  , and its data generator supports the creation of arbitrarily large datasets using the number of products as scale factor. Although not included here  , we also evaluated those queries using D2R 0.8.1 with the –fast option enabled. The measured total time for a run includes everything from query optimization until the result set is fully traversed  , but the decoding of the results is not forced. During query execution the engine determines trust values with the simple  , provenance-based trust function introduced before. Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. Additionally  , a subset of the realworld data collection Biocyc 1 that consists of 1763 databases describing the genome and metabolic pathways of a single organism was used. Most surprisingly  , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90% regular. For this setting  , the chart in Figure 9b depicts the average times to execute the BSBM query mix; furthermore  , the chart puts the measures in relation to the times obtained for our engine with a trust value cache in the previous experiment. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. The BSBM SPARQL queries are designed in such a way that they contain different types of queries and operators  , including SELECT/CONTRUCT/DESCRIBE  , OPTIONAL  , UNION. To understand this behaviour better  , we analyzed the query plans generated by the RDBMS. For BSBM we executed the same ten generated queries from each category  , computed the category average and reported the average and geometric mean over all categories. The Social Intelligence BenchMark SIB 11  is an RDF benchmark that introduces the S3G2 Scalable Structure-correlated Social Graph Generator for generating social graphs that contain certain structural correlations. In the same spirit  , the corresponding SQL queries also consider various properties such as low selectivity  , high selectivity  , inner join  , left outer join  , and union among many others. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. To measure the impact of this extension on query execution times we compare the results of executing our extended version of the BSBM with ARQ and with our tSPARQL query engine. As the chart illustrates  , determing trust values during query execution dominates the query execution time. The data generator is able to generate datasets with different sizes containing entities normally involved in the domain e.g. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. Both benchmarks allow for the creation of arbitrary sized data sets  , although the number of attributes for any given class is lower than the numbers found in the ssa. While the BSBM benchmark is considered as a standard way of evaluating RDB2RDF approaches  , given the fact that it is very comprehensive  , we were also interested in analysing real-world queries from projects that we had access to  , and where there were issues with respect to the performance of the SPARQL to SQL query rewriting approach. The BSBM benchmark 5  focuses on the e-commerce domain and provides a data generation tool and a set of twelve SPARQL queries together with their corresponding SQL queries generated by hand. In all the cases  , we compare the queries generated by D2R Server with –fast enabled with the queries generated by Morph with subquery and self-join elimination enabled. The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. The results show that the multi-probe LSH method is significantly more space efficient than the basic LSH method. This section provides a brief overview of LSH functions  , the basic LSH indexing method and a recently proposed entropy-based LSH indexing method. Table 2 shows the average results of the basic LSH  , entropybased LSH and multi-probe LSH methods using 100 random queries with the image dataset and the audio dataset. To achieve over 0.9 recall  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 while achieving similar time efficiencies. The space efficiency implication is dramatic. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. We have experimented with different number of hash tables L for all three LSH methods and different number of probes T i.e. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. Our experimental results show that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropy-based LSH methods to achieve desired search accuracy and query time. It also shows that the multi-probe method is better than the entropy-based LSH method by a significant factor. It shows that for most recall values  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the basic LSH method by an order of magnitude. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space  , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. In all cases  , the multi-probe LSH method has similar query time to the basic LSH method. In comparison with the entropy-based LSH method  , multi-probe LSH reduces the space requirement by a factor of 5 to 8 and uses less query time  , while achieving the same search quality. To compare the two approaches in detail  , we are interested in answering two questions. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. LSH is a promising method for approximate K-NN search in high dimensional spaces. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method  , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods. By picking the probing sequence carefully  , it also requires checking far fewer buckets than entropy-based LSH. Instead of generating perturbed queries  , our method computes a non-overlapped bucket sequence  , according to the probability of containing similar objects. ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. higher Max F 1 score than ANDD-LSH-Jacc  , and both outperform Charikar's random projection method. We emphasize that our focus in this paper is on improving the space and time efficiency of LSH  , already established as an attractive technique for high-dimensional similarity search. We see that our method strictly out-performs LSH: we achieve significantly higher recall at similar scan rate. We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: We use plain LSH 13  rather than the more recent Multi- Probing LSH 17 in this evaluation as the latter is mainly to reduce space cost  , but could slightly raise scan rate to achieve the same recall. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the entropy-based approach by a factor of 7.0  , 5.5  , and 6.0 respectively for the three recall values  , while reducing the query time by half. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. However  , this method does not use task-specific objective function for learning the metric; more importantly  , it does not learn the bit vector representation directly. Experimental studies show that this basic LSH method needs over a hundred 13 and sometimes several hundred hash tables 6 to achieve good search accuracy for high-dimensional datasets. The multi-probe LSH method proposed in this paper is inspired by but quite different from the entropybased LSH method. Finally  , we give the recognition result based on the searching results. It is a big step for calligraphic character recognition. We have implemented the entropy-based LSH indexing method. The default probing method for multi-probe LSH is querydirected probing. Intuitively  , increases as the increase of   , while decreases as the increase of . Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 13  is a promising method for approximate K- NN search. Besides the random projections of generating binary code methods  , several machine learning methods are developed recently. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. We found that although the entropybased method can reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method  , significant improvements are possible. The results in Table 2also show that the multi-probe LSH method is substantially more space and time efficient than the entropy-based approach. The basic LSH indexing method 17 only checks the buckets to which the query object is hashed and usually requires a large number of hash tables hundreds to achieve good search quality. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects  , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. Our evaluation shows that the multi-probe LSH method substantially improves over the basic and entropy-based LSH methods in both space and time efficiency. However  , due to the limitation of random projection  , LSH usually needs a quite long hash code and hundreds of hash tables to guarantee good retrieval performance. We compare our new method to previously proposed LSH methods – a detailed comparison with other indexing techniques is outside the scope of this work. Ideally  , we would like to examine the buckets with the highest success probabilities. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 24  , which contains images crawled from the web. Also note that the space cost of LSH is much higher than ours as tens of hash tables are needed  , and the computational cost to construct those hash tables are not considered in the com- parison. However  , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic  , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory  , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. For even larger datasets  , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . Spectral hashing SH 36  uses spectral graph partitioning strategy for hash function learning where the graph is constructed based on the similarity between data points. First  , when using the same number of hash tables  , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need  , compared with the entropy-based approach ? Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. Acknowledgments. This paper presents the multi-probe LSH indexing method for high-dimensional similarity search  , which uses carefully derived probing sequences to probe multiple hash buckets in a systematic way. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability. Note that one can always apply binary LSH on top of a metric learning method like NCA or LMNN to construct bit vectors. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. Figure 10shows that the search quality is not so sensitive to different K values. As we will show  , our method has better performance characteristics for retrieval and sketching under some common conditions. By probing multiple buckets in each hash table  , the method requires far fewer hash tables than previously proposed LSH methods. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple  , step-wise sequence. These machine learning methods usually learn much more compact codes than LSH since they are more complicated. One of the well-known uni-modal hashing method is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 2  , which uses random projections to obtain the hash functions. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. This is because that using the LSH-based method for similarity searching greatly reduced the time of  was about 0.004 second in our experiment  , which is very time-consuming in Yu's because it calculate the skeleton similarity between the input calligraphic character and all the candidates in the huge CCD. This method does not make use of data to learn the representation. Although LSH can be applied on the projected data using a metric learned via NCA or LMNN  , any such independent two stage method will be sub-optimal in getting a good bit vector representation. To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 7 constitutes an established method for hashing items of a high-dimensional space in such a way that similar items i.e. Figure 8 shows some recognition results of five different calligraphic styles using our LSH-based method. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. As we know  , most calligraphic characters in CCD were written in ancient times  , most common people can't recognize them without the help of experts  , so we invited experts to help us build CCD. In our system  , we use a standard Jaccard-based hashing method to find similar news articles. The probability that the two hash values match is the same as the Jaccard similarity of the two k-gram vectors . Since the similarity functions that our learning method optimizes for are cosine and Jaccard  , we apply the corresponding LSH schemes when generating signatures. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object  , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. For the entropybased LSH method  , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. A sensitivity question is whether this approach generates a larger candidate set than the other approaches or not. Baselines: We compare our method to two state-of-theart FSD models as follows. For methods SH and STH  , although these methods try to preserve the similarity between documents in their learned hashing codes  , they do not utilize the supervised information contained in tags. Figure 1shows how the multi-probe LSH method works. Since each hash table entry consumes about 16 bytes in our implementation   , 2 gigabytes of main memory can hold the index data structure of the basic LSH method for about 4-million images to achieve a 0.93 recall. In future we plan to make more comparison of our image representation and other descriptors  , such as SIFT and HOG. In addition  , dissimilar items are associated with the same hash values with a very low probability p 2 . In addition  , the construction of the index data structure should be quick and it should deal with various sequences of insertions and deletions conveniently. The key idea is to hash the points using several hash functions so as to ensure that  , for each function  , the probability of collision is much higher for objects which are close to each other than for those which are far apart. Then we run another three sets of experiments for MV-DNN. As pointed out by Charikar 5   , the min-wise independent permutations method used in Shingling is in fact a particular case of a locality sensitive hashing LSH scheme introduced by Indyk and Motwani 12. Also  , our method performs well in recognition rate and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces  , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. For our proposed approach  , for both Apps and News data sets  , we first run three sets of experiments to train single-view DNN models  , each of which corresponds to a dimension reduction method in Section 6 SV-TopK ,SV-Kmeans and SV-LSH. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. Motivated by financial and statistical applications e.g. Another strength of our approach is that it is a relatively simple and efficient way of incorporating time into statistical relational models. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more work Koller  , personal communication. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. In this paper  , we proposed three classification models accounting for non-stationary autocorrelation in relational data. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused primarily on static snapshots of relational datasets even though most relational domains have temporal dynamics that are important to model. Although there has been some work modeling domains with time-varying attributes  , to our knowledge this is the first model that exploits information in dynamic relationships between entities to improve prediction. In addition  , the shrinkage approach could easily be incorporated into other statistical relational models that use global autocorrelation and collective inference. Relational autocorrelation  , a statistical dependency among values of the same variable on related en- tities 7  , is a nearly ubiquitous phenomenon in relational datasets. Promising research directions include: 1 using patterns e.g. Access rights may be granted and revoked on views just as though they were ordinary tables. These sizes are then used to determine the CPU  , IO and communication requirements of relational operations such as joins. However  , this work has focused primarily on modeling static relational data. This explanation applies to continuous and discrete variables and essentially any test of conditional independence. The goal of this work is to improve attribute prediction in dynamic domains by incorporating the influence of timevarying links into statistical relational models. Indeed  , the results we report for LGMs using only the class labels and the link information achieve nearly the same level of performance reported by relational models in the recent literature. The relational operations join  , restrict and project as well as statistical summaries of tables may be used to define a view. This paper presents the Kylin Ontology Generator KOG  , an autonomous system that builds a rich ontology by combining Wikipedia infoboxes with WordNet using statistical-relational learning. One motivation for modeling time-varying links is the identification of influential relationships in the data. This information is necessary to derive accurate relational statistics that are needed by the relational optimizer to accurately estimate the cost of the query workload. This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. In this work  , we propose the Time Varying Relational Classifier TVRC framework—a novel approach to incorporating temporal dependencies into statistical relational models. Researchers always use tables to concisely display their latest experimental results or statistical data. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependence between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. Whereas in the CONTROL condition 20% of the adjectives chosen belonged to the machine category  , 20% to the humanized one and 60% to the relational one. Instead of storing the data in a relational database  , we have proposed to collect Statistical Linked Data reusing the RDF Data Cube Vocabulary QB and to transform OLAP into SPARQL queries 14. We chose statistical data  , because 1 there is clear need to integrate the data and 2 although the data sets are covering semantically similar topics  , standardization usually does not cover the object properties  , only the code lists themselves  , if at all. Each infobox template is treated as a class  , and the slots of the template are considered as attributes/slots. They are  , however  , at a disadvantage in interactivity  , graphical presentation and popularity of the computational language. Regarding the multiple adjective choice  , even if not supported by statistical significance  , we observe that children in the OAT condition chose no machine category adjectives  , 30% of the chosen adjectives belonged to the humanized category and 70% to the relational one. This work has demonstrated that incorporating the characteristics of related instances into statistical models improves the accuracy of attribute predictions. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more likely to share the same topic than randomly selected pages 23  , and movies made by the same studio are more likely to have similar box-office returns than randomly selected movies 6. IE can only be employed if sensory information is available that is relevant to a relation  , deductive reasoning can only derive a small subset of all statements that are true in a domain and relational machine learning is only applicable if the data contains relevant statistical structure. Although there are probably a number of heuristic ways to combine sensory information and the knowledge base with machine learning  , it is not straightforward to come up with consistent probabilistic models. In this paper  , we intend to give an empirical argument in favor of creating a specialised OLAP engine for analytical queries on Statistical Linked Data. Recent work has only just begun to incorporate temporal information into statistical relational models. Some initial work has focused on transforming temporal-varying links and objects into static aggregated features 19 and other work has focused on modeling the temporal dynamics of time-varying attributes in static link structures 13. Our initial investigation has shown that modeling the interaction among links and attributes will likely improve model generalization and interpretability. This allows the model to consider a wider range of dependencies to reduce bias while limiting potential increases in variance and promises to unleash the full power of statistical relational models. On the other hand  , there are existing computational engines without scalability or fragmentation problems and with a well-defined computational algebra  , for example  , OLAP 7  , 8  , Statistical 12 and Relational engines. On the other hand  , DataScope is flexible to browse various relational database contents based on different schemas and ad-hoc ranking functions. Yet  , there is little work on evaluating and optimising analytical queries on RDF data 4 ,5 . Thii attribute enables DBLEARN to output such statistical statements as 8% of all students majoring in Sociology are Asians. Two areas for further investigation are: the use of probabilistic dependencies as constrainta  , and the way in which they interact; and the concept of the degree to This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. While our use case has been motivated by statistical data  , a lot of Linked Data sources share this data model structure  , since many of them are derived from relational databases. In this paper we have combined information extraction  , deductive reasoning and relational machine learning to integrate all sources of available information in a modular way. For example  , pairs of brokers working at the same branch are more likely to share the same fraud status than randomly selected pairs of brokers. The language of non-recursive first-order logic formulas has a direct mapping to SQL and relational algebra  , which can be used as well for the purposes of our discussion  , e.g. Disjoint learning ignores the unlabeled instances in the graph during learning see Figure 1b This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. The Comet methodology is inspired by previous work in which statistical learning methods are used to develop cost models of complex user-defined functions UDFs—see 13  , 15—and of remote autonomous database systems in the multidatabase setting 19  , 26. Topic model performance is often measured by perplexity of test data as a function of statistical word frequencies  , ignoring word order. We used as our backend retrieval system the IBM DB2 Net Search Extender  , which allows convenient combination of relational and fulltext queries. Relational machine learning attempts to capture exactly these statistical dependencies between statements and in the following we will present an approach that is suitable to also integrate sensory information and a knowledge base. We also propose a way to estimate the result sizes of SPARQL queries with only very few statistical information. In FJS97   , a statistical approach is used for reconstructing base lineage data from summary data in the presence of certain constraints . This paper presents a new approach to modeling relational data with time-varying link structure. This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. The characteristics of such domains form a good match with our method: i links between documents suggest relational representation and ask for techniques being able to navigate such structures; " flat " file domain representation is inadequate in such domains; ii the noise in available data sources suggests statistical rather than deterministic approaches  , and iii often extreme sparsity in such domains requires a focused feature generation and their careful selection with a discriminative model  , which allows modeling of complex  , possibly deep  , but local regularities rather than attempting to build a full probabilistic model of the entire domain. To address the shortcomings of this conventional approach   , we described in this paper statistics on views in Microsoft SQL Server  , which provide the optimizer with statistical information on the result of scalar or relational expressions. Even if privacy and confidentiality are in place  , to be practical  , outsourced data services should allow sufficiently expressive client queries e.g. This is important because today's outsourced data services are fundamentally insecure and vulnerable to illicit behavior  , because they do not handle all three dimensions consistently and there exists a strong relationship between such assurances: e.g. Therefore  , we can conclude that attribute partitioning is important to a SDS. To support the integration of traditional Semantic Web techniques and machine learning-based  , statistical inferencing  , we developed an approach to create and work with data mining models in SPARQL. The goal of this paper is to combine the strengths of all three approaches modularly  , in the sense that each step can be optimized independently. Contributions of this paper are centered around four analytical query approaches listed in the following – We compare the performance of traditional relational approaches RDBMS / ROLAP and of using a triple store and an RDF representation closely resembling the tabular structure OLAP4LD-SSB. In addition  , we will cast the model in a more principled graphical model framework  , formulating it as a latent variable model where the summary " influence " weights between pairs of nodes are hidden variables that change over time and affect the statistical dependencies between attribute values of incident nodes. If there is a significant influence effect then we expect the attribute values in t + 1 will depend on the link structure in t. On the other hand  , if there is a significant homophily effect then we expect the link structure in t + 1 will depend on the attributes in t. If either influence or homophily effects are present in the data  , the data will exhibit relational autocorrelation at any given time step t. Relational autocorrelation refers to a statistical dependency between values of the same variable on related objects—it involves a set of related instance pairs  , a variable X defined on the nodes in the pairs  , and it corresponds to the correlation between the values of X on pairs of related instances. Attribute partitioning HAMM79 is another term for a transposed file scheme within a relational database  , As stated in BORA62  , such schemes are useful in statistical database systems because although the relations often contain many attributes  , usually only a few are referenced in any one query  , Additionally  , attribute partitioning is useful in compression schemes that depend on physical adjacency of identical values EGGEBO  , EGGEBl  , TURN79. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. The two are related quantities with different focuses. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. Whereas LIF well supported recall  , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin  , particularly in terms of purity  , precision  , and rand index. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. We derive two basic quanti-ties  , namely LI Binary LIB and LI Frequency LIF  , which can be used separately or combined to represent documents. There are two possibilities to model them in BMEcat  , though. The current release is BMEcat 2005 12  , a largely downwards-compatible update of BMEcat 1.2. In the following  , we outline correspondences between elements of BMEcat and GoodRelations and propose a mapping between the BMEcat XML format and the GoodRelations vocabulary. BMEcat is a powerful XML standard for the exchange of electronic product catalogs between suppliers and purchasing companies in B2B settings. This is attractive  , because most PIM software applications can export content to BMEcat. Either the BMEcat supplier defines two separate features  , or the range values are encoded in the FVALUE element of the feature. Table 4outlines the mapping of catalog groups in BMEcat to RDF. For example most of the mentioned factors are implemented in the BMEcat standard 10. Given their inherent overlap  , a mapping between the models is reasonable with some exceptions that require special attention. Speaking of the allow-or-charge area  , the quantity scale defined in BMEcat is divided into the actual quantity scale and the functional discount that has to be applied  , too. Then we compare the product models obtained from one of the BMEcat catalogs with products collected from Web shops through a focused Web crawl. We chose to check for the number of shops offering products using a sample size of 90 random product EANs from BSH BMEcat. The most notable improvements over previous versions are the support of external catalogs and multiple languages  , and the consistent renaming of the ambiguous term ARTICLE to PRODUCT. We describe a conceptual mapping and the implementation of a respective software tool for automatically converting BMEcat documents into RDF data based on the GoodRelations vocabulary 9. We tested the two BMEcat conversions using standard validators for the Semantic Web  , presented in Section 3.1. The task consists of transforming the price-relevant information of a BMEcat catalog to xCBL. Table 2shows the BMEcat-2005-compliant mapping for product-specific details. Table 2adds an additional level of detail to the PRODUCT → PRODUCT DETAILS structure introduced in Fig. Furthermore  , multilanguage descriptions in BMEcat are handled properly  , namely by assigning corresponding language tags to RDF literals.   , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. The data element ARTICLE_PRICE_DETAILS can be used multiple with disjunctive intervals. BMEcat and OAGIS to the minimum models of cXML and RosettaNet is not possible. A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. With our approach  , a single tool can nicely bring the wealth of data from established B2B environments to the Web of Data. BMEcat allows to specify products using vendor-specific catalog groups and features  , or to refer to classification systems with externally defined categories and features. The mapping of product classes and features is shown in Table 3. The hierarchy is determined by the group identifier of the catalog structure that refers to the identifier of its parent group. In order to link catalog groups and products  , BMEcat maps group identifiers with product identifiers using PROD- UCT TO CATALOGGROUP MAP. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. In reality  , though  , it is common that suppliers of BMEcat catalogs export the unit of measurement codes as they are found in their PIM systems. This allowed us to validate the BMEcat converter comprehensively. Making more difficult is that today mainly low-level languages like XSLT and interactive tools e.g. An illustrative example of a catalog and its respective conversion is available online 7 . Accordingly  , products in GoodRelations are assigned corresponding classes from the catalog group system  , i.e. The dataset has a slight bias towards long-tail shops. Although the conversions completed without errors  , still a few issues could be detected in each dataset that we will cover subsequently. The converter has built-in check steps that detect common irregularities in the BMEcat data  , such as wrong unit codes or invalid feature values. requiring a minimum of 90 samples given the population of 1376 products in the BMEcat. First it is to be stated that from the view of price modeling BMEcat catalogs have a three-stage document structure: 1 The document header HEADER can be used for setting defaults for currency and territory  , naming the buyer and giving references to relevant In the example header we set the default currency  , name the buyer and refer to an underlying agreement with a temporal validity: If we look at the transformations  , we see different transformation types. The price factor of 0.95 of BMEcat is transferred to a discount by the formula PercentageFactor=PRICE_FACTOR -1. Additionally   , we identified examples that illustrate the problem scenario described relying on structured data collected from 2500+ online shops together with their product offerings. On the other side  , BMEcat does not explicitly discriminate types of features  , so features FEA- TURE  typically consist of FNAME  , FVALUE and  , optionally  , an FUNIT element. In addition to the manufacturer BMEcat files  , we took a real dataset obtained from a focused crawl whereby we collected product data from 2629 shops. For example  , in BMEcat the prices of a product are valid for different territories and intervals  , in different types and currencies  , but all prices relate to the same customer no multi-buyer catalogs. target formats can be executed loss-free; however  , this cannot be said in general for the transformation of a source to a target format. The first option defines a feature for the lower range value and a feature for the upper range value  , respectively. BMEcat2GoodRelations is a portable command line Python application to facilitate the conversion of BMEcat XML files into their corresponding RDF representation anchored in the GoodRelations ontology for e-commerce. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. This ready-to-use solution comes as a portable command line tool that converts product master data from BMEcat XML files into their corresponding OWL representation using GoodRelations. To date  , product master data is typically passed along the value chain using Business to Business B2B channels based on Electronic Data Interchange EDI standards such as BMEcat catalog from the German Federal Association for Materials Management  , Purchasing and Logistics 3  12. Finally  , we show the potential leverage of product master data from manufacturers with regard to products offered on the Web. In the case of Weidmüller  , the conversion result is available online 11 . The number of product models in the BSH was 1376 with an average count of 29 properties  ,  while the Weidmüller BMEcat consisted of 32585 product models with 47 properties on average created by our converter. By contrast  , the nearly 2.7 million product instances from the crawl only contain eleven properties on average. To compare the price models of the selected standard  , we show the six determining factors in table 3. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. to represent a navigation structure in a Web shop. In this paper  , we propose to use the BMEcat XML standard as the starting point to make highly structured product feature data available on the Web of Data. Furthermore  , the mapping at product level allows to specify the manufacturer part number  , product name and description  , and condition of the product. Depending on the language attribute supplied along with the DESCRIPTION SHORT and DESCRIPTION LONG elements in BMEcat 2005  , multiple translations of product name and description can be lang={en  , de  , . Instead of adhering to the standard 3-letter code  , they often provide different representations of unit symbols  , e.g. To remain in the scope of the use cases discussed  , the examples are chosen from the BSH BMEcat products catalog  , within the German e-commerce marketplace. Using the sample of EANs  , we then looked up the number of vendors that offer the products by entering the EAN in the search boxes on Amazon.de  , Google Shopping Germany  , and the German comparison shopping site preissuchmaschine.de 16 . For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers  , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels  , product classes  , properties  , value instances  , and top-level classes for each product ontology. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. Whether the European Article Number EAN or the Global Trade Item Number GTIN is mapped depends on the type-attribute supplied with the BMEcat element. The presence of the FUNIT element helps to distinguish quantitative properties from datatype and qualitative properties  , because quantitative values are determined by numeric values and units of measurements  , e.g. All interested merchants have then the possibility of electronically publishing and consuming this authoritative manufacturer data to enhance their product offerings relying on widely adopted product strong identifiers such as EAN  , GTIN  , or MPN. Due to the limited length of this paper   , we refer readers to the project landing page hosting the open source code repository 8   , where they can find a detailed overview of all the features of the converter  , including a comprehensive user's guide. Our proposal can manifest at Web scale and is suitable for every PIM system or catalog management software that can create BMEcat XML product data  , which holds for about 82% of all of such software systems that we are aware of  , as surveyed in 17. The rise of B2B e-commerce revealed a series of new information management challenges in the area of product data integration 5 ,13. Another data quality problem reported is the usage of non-uniform codes for units of measurement  , instead of adhering to the recommended 3-letter UN/CEFACT common codes e.g. " Furthermore  , it can minimize the proliferation of repeated  , incomplete  , or outdated definitions of the same product master data across various online retailers; by means of simplifying the consumption of authoritative product master data from manufacturers by any size of online retailer. To test our proposal  , we converted a representative real-world BMEcat catalog of two well-known manufacturers and analyzed whether the results validate as correct RDF/XML datasets grounded in the GoodRelations ontology. The latter can take advantage of both product categorization standards and catalog group structures in order to organize types of products and services and to contribute additional granularity in terms of semantic de- scriptions 19. In that sense  , BMEcat2GoodRelations is to the best of our knowledge the only solution developed with open standards  , readily available to both manufacturers and retailers to convert product master data from BMEcat into structured RDF data suitable for publication and consumption on the Web of Data. Defining the I-space and a continuous mapping from I-space onto W-space. A mapping from capability space to resource space expresses the fidelity profiles of available applications. As described by Heck- bert Hec86   , the traditional graphical texturing problem comprises mapping a defined texture from some convenient space called the texture-space   , to the screen-space. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Example. Let R be the orientation mapping from the surface-space to the world-space The object's surface-space can thus be mapped to world-space. This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. For homogeneous robots  , it is the mapping From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. We call this new space the reduced information space and the mapping from the information space onto it the aggregation map. The radial distance between the camera and target  , as measured along the optical axis  , factors into this mapping. This fixed mapping gives more flexibility to the k-mer feature space  , but only increases the size of the feature space by a constant factor of 2. The tangential space mapping where V s 7 is tlie gradient function for 7. and Veep is tlie tangential space mapping of the kinematic function' . the arm is in constant contact with the obstacle . Mapping transforms the problem of hashing keys into a different problem  , in a different space. Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. The directory space. Reverse mapping is indicated by dotted arrows  , where the mapping of force flows in the opposite direction as velocity. The mapping can include time variant contact conditions and also timely past and/or future steps during manipulation. The texture properties are defined relative to an object's surface. The relationship between the topic space and the term space cannot be shown by a simple expression. Of course  , this mapping concurs with inaccuracy. It admits infinite number of joint-space solutions for a given task-space trajectory. the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. The " directions " of these matrices show the forward mapping of velocity from one space to another. These parameters are used to derive a mapping from each camera's image space to the occupancy map space. B; denotes the stiffness mapping matrix relating the operational space to the fingertip space. There is a continuous many-to-one mapping from I-space t o W-space determined by the forward kinematics of the arm. A singular value decomposition of this mapping provides the six-dimensional resolvabilify measure  , which can be interpreted as the system's ability to resolve task space positions and orientations on the sensor's image plane. The key idea in mapping to a higher space is that  , in a sufficiently high dimension  , data from two categories can always be separated by a hyper-plane. The mapping  , termed the planar kinematic mapping in Bottema and Roth 1979  , is a special case of dual quaternion representation of object position in a three dimensional space. For the defined model the phase space is 6-dimensional. It requires  , first  , mapping a world description into a configuration space  , i.e. In the case of our mobile robot we chose four particular variables for the reduced information vector. This kernel trick makes the computation of dot product in feature space available without ever explicitly knowing the mapping. The Hilbert curve is a continuous fractal which maps each region of the space to an integer. As a result  , collision checking is also performed directly in the work space. Although the mapping is diffeomorphic  , the transformed path to the joint space possibly does not coincide with the optimal path in the joint space. This slicing was developed in 6 for use in teleoperation of robot arm manipulators. Available resource levels are provided by the system  , and constrain the configuration space to a feasible region. The resulting dynamical model is described by fewer equations in the u-space. First  , a conventional automobile is underactuated non-holonomic  , so the mapping from C-space to action space is under-determined . But unlike the mapping on a basis  , a mapping to a dictionary does not allow the reconstruction of the data element. Experiments in 1  , 5 show that the LegoDB mapping engine is very effective in practice and can lead to reductions of over 50% in the running times of queries as compared to previous mapping techniques. We have proved that the forbidden region of an obstacle can be computed only by mapping the boundary of the obstacle using the derived mapping function. Also  , the stiffness mapping matrix B; between the operational space and the fingertip space of each hand can be represented by where i  B ;   denotes the stiffness mapping matrix between the operational space and the fingertip space of the ith hand. Due to space limitations  , we cannot present all mapping rules. However  , non-holonomic vehicles have constrained paths of traversal and require a different histogram mapping. We have performed the task that pouring water from a bottle with the power grasp  , which can test the joint space mapping method. Similar to the mapping on a basis the mapping on a dictionary takes as input a data space element and outputs a coordinate vector. As reasoned above  , HePToX's mapping expressions define the data exchange semantics of heterogeneous data transformation. The results of the Mapping stage are sufficiently random so that more space-expensive approaches are unnecessary . Teleoperation experiments show that the human hand model is sufficient accuracy for teleoperation task. Instead we provide a few examples to illustrate the mapping. Given the search space ΩP  covering all possible mappings   , finding a C min mapping boils down to inferring subsumption relationship between a mapping and the source predicate  , and between two mappings. The transformation of pDatalog rules into XSLT is done once after the mapping rules are set up  , and can be performed completely automatically. As in the example in Section 2  , the user provides the mapping between application resources and role-based access control objects using a Space-provided embedded domain-specific language. The baseline approach builds a non-clustered index on each selection dimension and the rank mapping approach builds a multi-dimensional index for each ranking fragment. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the scnsorimotor mapping. The joint space mapping and modified fingertip position mapping method are exercised in the manipulation of dexterous robot hand. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the sensorimotor mapping. In this context a datatype theory T is a partial mapping from URIrefs to datatypes. That is  , the cross-modal semantically related data objects should have similar hash codes after mapping. A mapping function has been derived for mapping the obstacles into their corresponding forbidden regions in the work space. If we control the sparsity of projection matrix A  , we could significantly reduce the mapping computation cost and the memory size storing projection matrix. The coordinate form representation of the latter is given by tlie n x n manipulator Jacobian matrix DecpO. These solutions realize a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. For example   , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closedloop structured finger such as the finger with five-bar mechanism described in 8  , the backward mapping is unique. In this paper  , we treat a robot hand with five-bar finger mechanism and then the stiffness relation between the fingertip space and joint space is described by using the backward Jacobian mapping. The lexical-to-value mapping is the obvious mapping from the documents to their class of equivalent OWL Full ontologies. 1 We learn the mapping Θ by maximizing the likelihood of the observed times τi→j. The skill mapping SM gives the relation between the desired object trajectory This skill mapping SM maps from the 6-dimensional object position and orientation space to the 3n- dimensional contact point space. That is where it hurts in parallel kinematics  , especially when one considers only the actuator positions for sensing: the mapping is neither bijective several solutions to the forward kinematic problem nor differentiable singularities of any type. Fullyisotropic PWs presented in this paper give a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. The mapping is done through kernel functions that allow us to operate in the input feature-space while providing us the ability to compute inner products in the kernel space. toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. A partial function I : S C mapping states to their information content is called an interpretation. The result is a task velocity toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. Mapping all the obstacles onto C-space is not computationally efficient for our particular problem; therefore  , collision detection is done in task space. the set of positions and orientations that the robot tool can attain  , will be denoted by W = this section  , we show how the robot's task space can be mapped to the camera's visual feature space and then we will consider the mapping from the robot's configuration space to the visual feature space. The control space is defined by the degrees of freedom of our haptic device  , the Phantom. The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. The 2n + 1 variables of.the access tree model form a 2n + 1 dimensional space R. The access model implies a mapping G: S ---> R from the space of file structures S ontu the space of all the combinations of model variable values  , R. This mapping is usually many-to-one because the variables only represent average characteristics of the file structures  , i.e. Weston et al 30 propose a joint word-image embedding model to find annotations for images. For a kinematically redundant system  , the mapping between task-space trajectory and the join-space trajectory is not unique. Further  , addition and scalar multiplication cannot yield results similar to those performed in the data space. Intuitively  , a tight connection between two documents should induce similar outputs in the new space. average pointer proportion and average size of filial sets of a level. But this mapping is not one-to-one  , there are infinite number of possible joint-space solutions for the same task-space trajectory. The tracking of features will be described in Section 3.1. Figure 2shows the resolvability of two different stereo camera configurations. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as Figure 4shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Since the mapping from I-space t o W-space is continuous  , and since a sphere is an orientable surface  , so is the cylinder surface. An alternative method of dealing with sparsity is by mapping the sparse high-dimensional feature space to a dense low-dimensional space. Instead of mapping documents into a low-dimensional space  , documents are mapped into a high dimensional space  , but one that is well suited to the human visual system. Finally  , Space verifies that each data exposure allowed by the application code is also allowed by the catalog. A mapping from capability space to utility space expresses the user's needs and preferences. 4 showed that the lexical features of the query space and the Web document space are different  , and investigated the mapping between query words and the words in visited search results in order to perform query expansion. In other words  , with longer lifespan  , the partitions at the upper corner of the space rendition contain more tuples  , hence more pages. The Hough transform 5 was developed as an aid to pattern recognition and is widely used today. Ordering paves the way for searching in that new space  , so that locations can be identified in the hash table. In SMART the Jacobian is used for a wide variety of variable mappings. Many classical visualization techniques are based on dimensionality reduction  , i.e. To explain this mapping from intention space to relevancy space  , let us assume we have a resource R which has been tweeted by some author at time ttweet. This difference becomes larger in the region which is far from the origin. The unique mapping is highly related to the concept of observability. Figure 2: Mapping between sensor space and mental space based on empirical rules and physical intuition. Therefore  , it is represented by a mapping of the shape space Q into the force-distribution space T*Q. Using the learned sensorimotor mapping and body ima.ge  , the robot chooses an action in the sensorimotor space to circumnavigate obstacles and reach goals. First  , for an input hyper-plane  , all the cluster boundaries intersect the hyper-plane are selected. Among the many possible ways of choosing a partition   , one solution is to choose a particular function mapping the information space onto a smaller tractable space. The robot links and obstacles are represented directly in the work space  , thus avoiding the complex mapping of obstacles onto the C-space. From this perspective  , visual tools can help to better understand and manipulate the mapping into the program space. a differentiable bijective mapping between the sensor-space and the state-space of the system 16. The redundancy allows one to obtain a low-order model for the manipulator dynamics by mapping the joint velocity q- space to a pseudovelocity U- space. A typical trial comprised the mapping of several hundred square metres of trials space  , followed by two or more days testing a wide variety of runs through this space. Let  , the joint velocity polytope of a n-dof manipulator be described by the 2n bounding inequalities: This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. Tracking by camera pan requires mapping pixel positions in the image space to target bearing angles in the task space. Note that this definition implicitly assumes to be able to generate negative values for the joint variables. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 3shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration . In this paper  , we consider a compliance and damping as impedance elements. However  , there is a large gap between the problem space and the solution space. To compare the operations allowed by an application to those permitted by our security patterns  , a mapping is required between the objects defined in the RBAC model and the resources defined by the application. Space asks the user to define this mapping. Formally  , it is a mapping from types of application resources to types of RBAC objects; the mapping is a relation  , since some application resources may represent more than one type of RBAC object. The robot learns the mapping a.nd categorizations entirely within its seiisorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a priori internal representations. The robot learns the mapping and catego-rizations entirely within its sensorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a przorz internal representations. The results of the experiment are summarized in Figure 4. We transformed the strings to an integer space by mapping them to their frequency vectors. Extensive fault tests show that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly hurt reliability. These embeddings often capture and/or preserve linguistic properties of words. plastic  , metal or glass  , to friction cone angles that define the grasp wrench space. The mapping is straight-forward  , but space precludes us from explaining it in detail. In this section  , we formally define the extension of the database . So uncertainty can be represented as a sphere in a six dimensional space. The -mapping model confirms that this gap does exist in the 4-D space. Triplify automatically generates all the resources in the update URI space  , when the mapping µ in the Triplify configuration contains the URL pattern " update " . However  , space precludes an explanation here. Another dynamically consistent nullspace mapping  , which fits very well in the framework of operational space control  , was proposed by Khatih 61: by the manipulator's mass matrix. Word-embeddings are a mapping from words to a vector space. This mapping has two main advantages. Clearly  , this constraint reduces the size of our search space. However  , the efficiency of exhaustion is still intolerable when SqH is large. This mapping can be extended naturally to expressions. Therefore  , we only describe a number of representative examples  , though others can be described in a similar way. Traditional information retrieval systems have focused on mapping a well-articulated query onto an existing information space 4  , 43. This places reliable memory under complete database control  , eliminates double buffering  , and simplifies recovery. In the EROC architecture this mapping function is captured by the abstraction mapper. For space reasons  , here we just informally explain the mapping semantics by examining the two DTDs in Figure 1. First artificial space-variant sensors are described in 22. This implies that the mapping of a data element in the coordinate space of a dictionary does not allow reconstruction. After this approach  , C hyperplanes are obtained in the feature space. However  , the lack of this optimization step as of now does not impact the soundness of the approach. Graphically  , their mapping points in the space rendition move up wards. The exact mapping of topics and posts to vectors depends on the vector space in which we are operating. Tracking of articulated finger motion in 3D space is a highdimensional problem. We can understand them as rules providing mapping from input sensor space to motor control. The mapping of the Expressivity to more than one sub-parameter consequently constrains the space of all possible configurations. The space of word clouds is itself high-dimensional  , and indeed  , might have greater dimension than the original space. Thus the Hough transform provides a one-to-one mapping of lines in the original space to points in the transform space. Absolute space comes from the idea that the representation for each space should be independent of all other spaces. Since an adversary can no longer simulate a one-to-n item mapping by a one-to-one item mapping  , in general  , we can fully utilize the search space of a one-to-n item mapping to increase the cost of attack and prevent the adversary to easily guess the correct mapping. Because it is difficult to build a feature space directly  , instead kernel functions are used to implicitly define the feature space. Because the synibol space is continuous space and the dynainics in this space is continuous system  , the continuous change of the vector field in the inotioIi space and the continuous motion transition is realized. U refers to map the query text q from the m-dimensional text space to the kdimensional latent space by a liner mapping  , and V refers to map the retrieved image d from the n-dimensional image space to the k-dimensional latent space. Lewis Lew89 surveys methods based on noise  , while Perlin Per851 Per891 presents noisebased techniques which by-pass texture space. However  , it is difficult to work in such a high-dimensional configuration space directly   , so we provide a mapping from a lower-dimensional control space to the configuration space  , and manipulate trajectories in the control space. For example  , the integral and differential equations which map A-space to C-space in a flat 2D world are given below: During the transient portion the steering mechanism is moving to its commanded position at a constant rate. Note that the forward or backward Jacobian mapping between the joint space and the fingertip space may not be unique due to the structure of finger used in robot hands. The wirtual obstacle is a continuum of points in I-space corresponding t o those arm positions in W-space at which the arm intersects some obstacles. When the hand system grasps the peg for the compliance center 0 1 of Figure 4   , this is identical to combine the two cases of Figures 2If the compliance center is moved to the point 0 2   , the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y1 in 6 changes into negative  , and the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y2 in 11 changes into negative . While a tight as possible mapping uses the reach space of the robot hand optimally   , it may nevertheless occur that  , since the human finger's workspace can only be determined approximately   , some grasps may lead to finger tip positions which lie outside reach space of the artificial hand. For a more complete description of this mapping from activation level space to force space  , see 25. Then the two robots exchange roles in order to explore a chain of free-space areas which forms a stripe; a series of stripes are connected together to form a trapezoid. LSH is a framework for mapping vectors into Hamming space  , so that the distances in the Hamming hash space reflect those in the input space: similar vectors map to similar hashes. The one-class classification problem is formulated to find a hyperplane that separates a desired fraction of the training patterns from the origin of the feature space F. This hyperplane cannot be always found in the original feature space  , thus a mapping function Φ : F − → F   , from F to a kernel space F   , is used. In vector-space retrieval  , a document is represented as a vector in t-dimensional space  , where t is the number of terms in the lexicon being used. Therefore  , it can be computed off-line and used as a look-up table  , forming the following pseudo-code: The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. It is not possible  , in general  , to compute the speed and steering commands which will cause a vehicle to follow an arbitrary C-space curve. The interface allows direct mapping between the interaction space to a 3D physical task space  , such as air space in the case of unmanned aerial vehicles UAVs  , or buildings in the case of urban search and rescue USAR or Explosive Ordnance Disposal EOD robotic tasks. Denote the joint space of an n-joint  , serialdifferentiability of g is necessary because the joint accelerations are bounded  , and therefore the joint velocities must be continuous . The space overhead problem is crucial for Semantic Search  , which involves the: use of a space consuming indexing relation: A weighted mapping between indexing terms and document references. The construction of the configuration space  , the control space  , the mapping between them and the haptic forces makes it possible to author and edit animations by manipulating trajectories in the control space. For example  , we can present a current situation and retrieve the next feasible situation through interpolation. If our thesis is correct  , physical TUIs such as the 3D Tractus can help reduce the ratio of users per robots in such tasks  , and offer intuitive mapping between the robotic group 3D task space and the user's interaction space. ORDBMSs that execute UDFs outside the server address space could employ careful mapping of address space regions to obtain the same effect. However  , subsequent research publications report 1 ,13 that a direct mapping from source to target TUs without an intermediate phonetic representation often leads to better results. The manipulator knows some mappings from the problem space to the solution space and estimates the mapping for the goal problem by using them. We will discuss the haptics in Section 2.3  , but first we give the mathematical model. During learning  , the simple classifier is trained over dataset T producing a hypothesis h mapping points from input space X to the new output space Y . FigureObject a has a different geometrical feature than object b  , yet under many grasping configurations  , the relation between the body attached coordinate system of the gripper and the object is the same. Furthermore  , this mapping is naturally a many to many mapping that can be reduced to a many to one mapping in obstacle free environments  , thus reducing the learning space and resulting in a much better generalization. In future it is likely that as we move to a push model of information provision we should provide the means to have local variants of ontologies mapping into our AKT computer science 'standard reference' ontology. The mapping provided by the user translates between the RBAC objects constrained by the pattern catalog and the resource types defined in the application code. Space does not permit entire rules templates are shown or the inclusion of the entire mapping rule set  , but this is not needed to show how the homomorphism constrains the rules. If space-filling curves are used  , the mapping is distance-preserving  , i. e. similar values of the original data are mapped on similar index data  , and that for all dimensions. The PSOM concept SI can be seen as the generalization of the SOM with the following three main extensions: the index space S in the Kohonen map is generalized to a continuous mapping manifold S E Etm. Also  , we performed some teleoperation tasks to test modified fingertip position mapping method such as: grasping a litter cube block only with index finger and thumb; grasping a bulb and a table tennis ball with four fingers. Figure 2shows the structure of the global address scheme and an example mapping. The overall Mapping- Ordering-Searching MOS scheme is illustrated in Figure   2. The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. Here  , we adopt the PARAFAC model 4 to carry out further tensor decomposition on the approximate core tensorˆStensorˆ tensorˆS to obtain a set of projection matricesˆPmatricesˆ matricesˆP The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. LegoDB is a cost-based XML storage mapping engine that automatically explores a space of possible XML-torelational mappings and selects the best mapping for a given application. We represent the design space synthesis function  , c  , as a semantic mapping predicate in our relational logic  , taking expressions in the abstract modeling language to corresponding concrete design spaces. Example 2.2 select culture painting title : t  , Figure 5: Path-to-path Mappings pings save space by factorizing DTD similarities and allow semi-automatic mapping generation. This inference is specific to data types– For some types  , it is straightforward  , while others  , it is not. The solutions we obtain through mapping are not optimal; however  , due to the good locality properties of the space mapping techniques  , information loss is low  , as we demonstrate experimentally in Section 6. Let the mapping function Φ contain m elementary functions  , and each of them φ : X → R map documents into a onedimensional space. In the following  , we measure the information loss of each k-anonymous or -diverse group using N CP   , and the information loss over the entire partitioning using GCP see Section 2. For navigation  , the mapping is served as the classifier for the distribution of features in sensor space and the corresponding control commands. In this method  , the optimal trajectories in the state space are grouped using the data obtained from cell mapping. The information bases under the other mappings show the same general trend. Space uses this mapping to specialize the constraints derived from the checks present in the code to the set of RBAC objects  , so that the two sets of security checks can be compared. If the handles were clustered  , the strength of Btrees and direct mapping was exhibited. When a robot link moves around an obstacle  , the link-obstacle contact conditions vary between vertex-edge and edge-vertex contacts . In this paper  , we investigate the collision-free path planning problem for a robot with two aims cooperating in the robot's work space. However  , despite the importance of vision as a localization sensor  , there has been limited work on creating such a mapping for a vision sensor. Particular mapping functions have to be defined  , which makes the problem more complex but in turn only meaningful configurations might be created. Experimental results on a Pentium 4 with an average load of 0.15 have shown an average query time of 0.03 seconds for the mapping and 0.35 seconds for the ranking when mapping to 300 terms. The user can interact in the 3D domain by physically sliding the 3D Tractus surface up and down in space. Within the RDS we can treat elements of X as if they were vectorial and  , depending on the approximative quality of the mapping  , we can expect the results to be similar to those performed if they were defined in the original space. Queries belonging to this URL pattern have to return at least two columns. Figure 4 shows that the first two latent dimensions cluster the outlets in interpretable ways. We emphasize that these features cannot be calculated before the result page is formed  , thus do not participate in the ranking model. To our knowledge  , this is the first work that measures how often data is corrupted by database crashes. Our second software design Section 5.2 addresses this problem by mapping the Rio file cache into the database address space. This exposes reliable memory to database crashes  , and we quantify the increased risk posed by this design. This is consistent with the estimates given in Sullivan9la  , Sullivan93J. Then any multi-dimensional indexing method can be used to organize  , cluster and efficiently search the resulting points. First  , we generated a dictionary that has a mapping between terms and their integer ids. Documents are retrieved by mapping q into the row document space of the term-document matrix  , A: Like the documents  , queries are represented as tdimensional vectors  , and the same weighting is applied to them. We address these two issues by mapping the answer and question to a shared latent space and measure their similarity there. TermWatch maps domain terms onto a 2D space using a domain mapping methodology described in SanJuan & Ibekwe-SanJuan 2006. In this paper we introduce one way of tackling this problem. IJsing this mapping reactive obstacle avoidance can be achieved. This could be done by mapping the object parameters into the feature space and thus writing them as a geometric constraint. We also plan to apply this method to general C-space mapping for convex polyhedra. Due to space limitation  , the detailed results are ignored. Finally  , an implementation of concurrent control as a mapping of constraints between individual controllers is demonstrated. Nevertheless it's possible that with different kernels one could improve on our results. This paper explores the utility of MVERT for exploration and observing multiple dynamic targets. In semi-autonomous navigation  , omnidirectional translational motion is used for mapping desired user velocities to the configuration space. We then calculate the mean of its column-wise Pearson correlation coefficients with Y . We c m directly transfer the calibrated joints value measured by the CyberGlove@ to the robot hand. If the automated system could function well in this space  , then it will also function well in the retirement community. These include scaling  , rotation  , and synchronization of observations from several tours of a space. The time series are further standardized to have mean zero and standard deviation one. Let¨be Let¨Let¨be a feature mapping and be the centroid matrix of¨´µ of¨´µ  , where the input data matrix is represented as in the feature mappingörmappingör the feature space explicitly. At this time  , it might be effective to subtract the explained component in the target ordering from sample orders. This helps to prune the space for conducting containment mapping. For discrete QoS dimensions  , for instance audio fidelity   , whose values are high  , medium and low  , we simply use a discrete mapping table to the utility space. Since the target predicate has a pre-defined domain of values  , each representing a range  , our search space is restricted to disjunctions of those ranges. triples that represent specific points in the geometric space. Thus  , mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space does not significantly lower reliability. Thus the mapping from one we consider the characteristically same configuration of a manipulator. We use this mapping to parameterize the grasp controller described in Section 3. The particular minimum of 3 in which the robot finds itself is dependent on the path traversed through through joint space to reach current joint angles. For example  , a typical mapping approach  , called approximate cell decomposition 7  , maps an environment into cells of predefined shapes. Second  , the inverse model  , the mapping from a desired state to the next action is not straightforward. The above results represent the first approach to a perception mapping system; it involves all sensors and all space around the robot. The global exploration st ,rategy provides the order in which these areas are explored. Section 2 extends Elfes' 2-D probabilistic mapping scheme to 3-D space and describes a framework for workspace modeling using probabilistic octrees. -procedures for mapping sensory errors into positional/rotational errors e.g. This property can be viewed as the contraction of the phase space around the limit cycle. This is because we excluded the coupling terms iKfxyi=1 ,2 ,3 in the fingertip space for independent finger control. The sensory-motor elements are distributed and can be reused for building other sequences of actions. In particularly  , by allowing random collisions and applying hash mapping to the latent factors i.e. we can both reduce the search space and avoid many erroneous mappings between homonyms in different parts of speech. Imitation of hand trajectories of a skilled agent could be done through a mapping of the proprioceptive and external data. A mapping is defined by specifying an implementation component in the requires section of an abstract package definition. The kernel function implicitly maps data into a highdimensional reproducing kernel Hilbert space RKHS 7  and computes their dot product there without actually mapping the data. Clearly  , this plot does not reveal structures or patterns embedded in the data because data dojects spread across the visual space. two different paths in the interpretation space can lead to the same program. An architectural style specification  , omitted due to space limitation  , defines the co-domain of an architectural map. Section 2 presents object-relational mapping ORM as a concrete driving problem. Space  , in contrast  , requires only that the programmer provide a simple object mapping. Later  , we generalized this idea to map the strings to their local frequencies for different resolutions by using a wavelet transform. 7  , 8  presented techniques for representing text documents and their associated term frequencies in relational tables  , as well as for mapping boolean and vector-space queries into standard SQL queries. The acquired parameter values can then be used to predict probability of future co-occurrences. Indeed  , mapping technology itself—including the prior technology of the printed map— privileges a particular cognitive perspective 9. We built an earlier Java-based prototype in order to rapidly explore the design space for visual mapping of organizations. Our choice of visual design builds upon one of the simplest hierarchical layouts  , the icicle plot 1. The classifier was trained to be conservative in handling the Non-Relevant categorization. Second  , suboptimal mappings have a larger impact in the two-dimensional space than in the unidimensional one. The access interface need only maintain a relatively simple mapping between object identifiers and storage locations. The attribute for each sample point object occupanjcy or free space was determined by the solid interference function "SOLINTERF" in AME. Higher map resolution and better path usually mean more cells thus more space and longer planning time. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly decrease reliability. Mapping reliable memory into the database address space allows a persistent database buffer cache. maximum heap space  , and the numbers of MultiExprs and ExprXlasses in the logical and physical expression spaces at the end of optimization. This narrows down the search space of potential objects on the image significantly. Second  , consider the mapping of textual words into the latent space in LSCMR. The mapping of feasible initial-state perturbations around a nominal initial state x 0 to sensor-observation perturbations is given by the observability matrix Let the columns of the matrix N span the null-space of B. We apply a. liyclrodynamic potential field in the sensorimotor spa.ce to choose an action cf. For an environment depicted in Fig. The fuzzy rules and membership functions are then generated using the statistical properties of the individual trajectory groups. Figure 11shows another mapping. In computer graphics  , for cxample  , an object model is defined with respect to a world coordinate system. Fundamentally  , thc dccomposition in 12 rcprcscnts a. mapping from the space of infinitc-dimcnsiona.1 rcalvalucd functions to thc finitc-dimcnsiona.1 spa.cc  ?P. Employing this demonstration technique saves from the burden of mapping the human kinematics as in other approaches 7  , 14. A phase space represents the predicted sensory effects of chains of actions. We will develop a polygonal line method to avoid the poor solutions by fitting the line segments without any mapping or length constraints. Additionally  , potential clusters are maximally S-connected  , i.e. In the aforementioned methods it is assumed that the dataset is embedded into a higher-dimensional space by some smooth mapping. Figure 1: Mapping entities in folksonmies to conceptual space rameters by maximizing log-likelihood on the existing data set. The intent of any input query is identified through mapping the query into the Wikipedia representation space  , spanned by Wikipedia articles and categories. According to the objective function 6  , we think that the optimal r-dimensional embedding X *   , which preserves the user-item preference information  , could be got by solving the following problem: Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. During the final phase of resolution i.e. These relations may include temporal relations  , meronymic relations  , causal relations  , and producer/consumer relations. In practice  , we can often encode the same probability distribution much more concisely. The mapping from the system state to the Java code we implemented is straightforward. In this section  , we discuss our development of predicate mapper  , which realizes the type-based search-driven mapping machinery. Both problems are NP-hard in the multidimensional space. The relationship between database intension and extension then is an injective mapping between two topological spaces. The idea is to extract n numerical features from the objects of int ,erest  , mapping them into points in n-dimensional space. In the following  , lower-case bold Roman letters denote column vectors  , and upper-case ones denote matrices. The use of these techniques for document space representation has not been reported In the literature. This solution is one of five Pareto-optimal solutions in the design space for our customer-order object model. The second component of the visual mapping is brightness . Indeed  , there is no theoretical basis for mapping documents into a Euclidean space at all. Apart from the limited number of discontinuities  , the mapping from pose-space to eigenspace is conformal: that is  , continuous but curved. The tip of the bucket position and its orientation relative to the horizontal are the task space variables being controlled. Selective usage of these elements may be more suited for specific situations of navigation. The output is well-defined  , closed under the operation  , and is unique. These are highly desirable properties for an unsupervised feature mapping which facilitate learning with very few instances. The camera-totarget distance remains constant when the target horizontally translates in a plane parallel to the camera's image plane and simple perspective is used for the image-to-task space mapping. uncertainty in the kinematics mapping which is dynamic dependent. These approaches build maps of an unknown space by selecting longterm goal points for each robot Other approaches focus more mapping I81 19. Since the PCM contains only obstacles in a fixed vicinity of the vehicle  , obstacles "enter" and "leave" the map gradually as the robot moves. We have shown an efficient and robust method for recomputing 3-d Minkowski sums of convex polyhedra under rotation. Bottema and Roth 1979 introduce this mapping directly and study the image curves which represent the coupler motion of a planar four bar linkage. Mapping motion data is a common problem in applying motion capture data to a real robot or to a virtual character . Mapping with only stationary objects  , and localization using entire observations in which the dual sensor model of occupancy grids is applied for range readings from moving objects. They obtain an affordance map mapping locations at which activities take place from learned data encoding human activity probabilities. What follows is a sequence of strings that define the traversal path through the output space of the selected extractor. The second data set contains 2 ,000 data items in 3- dimensional space with 2 clusters the middle one in Fig.3. To calculate the document score for document d i   , the vector space method applies the following equation: We will now show how LSA is as an extension to the VSM  , by using this query mapping. We also consider transforming the NED mapping scores into normalized confidence values. The other primitives are less crucial with respect to the YQL implementation  , and therefore we skip their discussions due to space limitations. Since the adversary only has information about the large itemsets  , he can only find the mappings for items that appear in the background knowledge. However  , mapping an inherently high-dimension data set into a low-dimension space tends to lose the information that distinguishes the data items. The SOM defines a mapping from the input data space onto a usually two-dimensional array of nodes. This is because wild stores rarely touch dirty  , committed pages written by previous transactions. However  , due to space limitation  , we describe the intension to extension mapping only. We also test a number of other standard similarity measures  , including the Vector Space Similarity VSS 3 and others. When decoding the relative strength of active signals in a complex 3d world with different densities of matter – i.e. The mapping  can not be achieved by the system without breaking contact constraints. For the purposes of synthesizing a compliance mapping   , it is assumed that the robotic manipulator and the gripper holding the object can move freely in space without colliding with the environment. In this paper  , we investigate a novel approach to detect sentence level content reuse by mapping sentence to a signature space. the terms or concepts in question. Our use of the stress function is slightly unusual  , because instead of projecting the documents onto a low-dimensional space  , such as R 2   , we are mapping documents to the space of word clouds. Consider a naive indexing approach where a sentence-file stores keyword vectors for the sentences in the collection. Hashing then involves mapping from keys into the new space  , and using the results of Searching to find the proper hash table location. According to the preceding calculations  , both procedures will yield exactly the same ranking. Therefore  , the knowledge of inverse kinematics mapping is of great interest since it allows the path planing to be independent of the geometry of the robot. Currently  , a 7:l position amplification permits comfortable mapping of RALF's full workspace into the workspace of the human operator. The control law is provided by mapping these two spaces as an open-loop schema. Errors in the estimated and actual generalized force were used to drive the system to minimize the external loads projected into the configuration space. These ellipsoids are the mapping froin unitary balls in t ,he velocity/force joint space to the analogous in the task space. The geometric configuration of robot manipulability includes two wellknown types: manipulability ellipsoidl  and manipulability polytope2  , 3 ,4. But a large number of latent intents would greatly increase the cost of mapping queries from book space to the latent intent space. Most tasks  , for example welding  , insertions  , and grasping   , require a higher precision than can be achieved by using artificial forces. The proposed method uses a nullspace vector in the velocity mapping between the q-space and the u-space to guarantee the continuity in the joint velocities. Figure 7shows the trajectory taken by the wheelchair green when the user attempts to follow a leader blue. Practically  , the document space is randomly sampled such that a finite number of samples   , which are called training data R ⊆ R  , are employed to build the model. Bound the marginal distributions in latent space In the previous section  , we have discussed how the marginal distribution difference can be bounded in the space W . Thus  , we develop a mechanism for efficient wordoverlap based reuse 33  by mapping sentence domain context to a multi-dimensional signature space and leveraging range searches in this space. Index schemes: There have been a number of proposals for finding near-duplicate documents in the database and web-search communities 21  , 37  , 10. Relation c can be seen as mapping abstract  , intensional models of design spaces to extensional representations   , namely sets of concrete design variants. The inputs of the system are assembly quality ternis  , i.e. In their original formulation  , these manipulability measures or ellipsoids considered only single-chain manipulators  , and were based on the mapping in task space trough the Jacobian matrix of the joint space unit ,a.ry balls qTq 5 1 and T ~ T 5 1. A kinematic mapping f has a singularity at q when the rank of its Jacobian matrix Jf q drops below its maximum possible value  , which is the smaller of the dimensions k of the joint-space and n of the configuration space. In computational biology  , it has been found that k-mers alone are not expressive enough to give optimal classification performance on genomic data. But what happens if the grasping configuration doesn't follow any of the simple built-in action models ? In its most abstract form  , the forward kinematics of a serial-link manipulator can be regarded as a mapping from joint space to operational space. A unique mapping will need additional constraints  , such as in the form of desired hand or foot position. Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. Resolvability provides a shared ontology  , that is a scheme allowing us to understand the relationships among various visual sensor configurations used for visual control. is the Jacobian matrix and is a function of the extrinsic and intrinsic parameters of the visual sensor as well as the number of features tracked and their locations on the image plane. This set is called The above theorem states that points in the workspace close to obstacles  , relate to points in the configuration space with even less clearance. News articles are also projected onto the Wikipedia topic space in the same way. The motion strategy can be represented as a function mapping the information space onto the control space. In contrast to this direction of research  , relatively little research e.g. These mapping methods are not widely used because they are not as efficient as the VSM. This fact is especially interesting if the data space is non-vectorial. The derivation of t from a induces a mapping  , cl  , from concrete designs to concrete loads parameterized by a choice of abstract load. Space is otherwise completely automatic: it analyzes the target application's source code and returns a list of bugs. A load/store using out of bounds values will immediately result in a hardware trap and we can safely abort the program . In the above definition  , it is equivalent to compute the traditional skyline  , having transformed all points in the new data space where point q is the origin and the absolute distances to q are used as mapping functions. We employ two well-known space-mapping techniques: the Hilbert space-filling curve 15 and iDistance 23. Given a source logical expression space  , a target physical expression space  , and a goal an instance of Goal  , a Mapper instance will return a physical expression that meets whatever constraint is specified by the goal. The condition number and the determinant of the Jacobian matrix being equal to one  , the manipulator performs very well with regard to force and motion transmission. As opposed t o mapping < to new active joint space velocities through a given shape matrix Jcp   , this approach introduces additional joint space velocities using a new shape matrix . Basically  , defuzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control action defined over an universe of discourse into a space of non-fuzzy control actions. Although inany strategies can be used for performing the defuzzifi- cation 8  , we use the height defuzzification method given by where CF is a scale factor. A key component of this measure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. The set of all possible twists at a given position and orientation of a rigid body is the tangent space at that point; it is represented by the tangent space at the origin of a chosen reference frame. Among the collision-free paths that connect the initial and goal configurations  , some may be preferable because they will make more information available to the robot  , hence improving the knowledge of its current state. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 2F shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Before planning the vision-based motion  , the set of image features must be chosen. Fingerprint-based descriptors  , due to the hashing approach that they use  , lead to imprecise representations  , whereas the other three schemes are precise in the sense that there is a one-to-one mapping between fragments and dimensions of the descriptor space. Dimension reduction is the task of mapping points originally in high dimensional space to a lower dimensional sub-space  , while limiting the amount of lost information. Therefore  , the text query and the retrieved image are mapped to a common k-dimensional latent aspect space  , and then their similarity is measured by a dot product of the two vectors in the kdimensional space  , which is commonly used to measure the matching between textual vectors 1. I Absolute Space Representation: An Absolute Space Representation or ASR 7   , is a cognitive mapping technique used to build models of rooms or spaces visited. Similar to a  we project these unreachable positions back to the closest reachable position in the workspace. In this section  , the results of numerical simulation of the Stiffness mapping between 2-dof cylindrical space and 2-dof joint space using both direct and indirect CCT are presented. The former problem may be solved by the use of perfect hash functions  , such as those proposed in 1 ,2 ,3 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,9 ,10 ,26 ,28 ,301  , where a perfect hash function is defined as a oneto-one mapping frcxn the key set into the address space. As a result of COSA  , they resolve a synonym problem and introduce more general concepts in the vector space to easily identify related topics 10. Then we attempt to learn a bridging mapping matrix  , M  , to map the hash codes from mpdimensional hamming space to mq-dimensional hamming space or vice versa  , by utilizing the cross-modal semantic correlation as provided by training data objects. The indexing relation is of the kind defined in IOTA Ker84In this chapter we present  , first  , the query language structure. If X and Y are input and output universes of discourse of a behavior with a rule-base of size n  , the usual fuzzy if-then rule takes the following form Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. where a k are comers of the n-dimensional unit activation hypercube  , or the set of all combinations of minimally and maximally activated muscles. Dehzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control actions defined over an output universe of discourse into a space of nonfuzzy control actions. A specific form of the ho­ mography is derived and decomposed to interpolate a unique path. Daumé and Brill 5 extracted suggestions based on document clusters that have common top-ranked documents. The concept of robot manipulability means that constraints on joint space are transformed to that of task space through the mapping zk = J q   , or in general the transformation P = A&. The object centered Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space is an essential component of the sensor placement measure .   , it is very tlifficidt to implement and optimize the mapping f l : l iising the mathematical or numeric approaches. In other words  , it is sufficient Remarkably  , in this case the optimization problem corresponds to finding the flattest function in the feature space  , not in the input space. Consequently several projections or maps of the hyperbolic space were developed  , four are especially well examined: i the Minkowski  , ii the upperhalf plane  , iii the Klein-Beltrami  , and iv the Poincaré or disk mapping. One advantage of this is that the high dimensional representation  , e.g. A fundamental assumption for multimodal retrieval is that by mapping objects in a modalityconsistent latent space  , the latent space representations of semantically relevant inter-modal pairs should be consistent. Tradeoffs   , Pareto-optimal solutions  , and other critical information can then be read from the results. The use of a solid arrow to make this connection denotes that this mapping from the problem level to the solution level facilitates two goals  , in this case both the generation of new variants and also expedited navigation. Scans from a triangle of points in pose-space will project to a non-Euclidean triangle of points in eigenspace. This is generated during mapping; as the robot moves into unvisited areas  , it drops nodes at regular intervals  , and when it moves between existing nodes it connects them. A homography is a mapping from 2-D projective space to 2-D projective space  , which is used here to define the 2-D displacement transformation between two ob­ ject poses in the image. A good example of the use of geometry within this application is the mapping of two dimensional views of the roadway into a three dimensional representation which can be used for navigation. Repeatability is guaranteed in the augmented Jacobian method because repeated task-space motion is carried out with repeated joint-space motion  , whereas in the resolved motion method repeatability is not guaranteed. Valuable prior research has been conducted in this direction for learning hashing codes and mapping function with techniques such as unsupervised learning and supervised learning. To alleviate this problem  , we propose a second mapping which transforms the 3D C-space into a discontinuous 2D space of " sliced " C-space obstacles. For each data item in the compressed data  , a backward mapping is necessary to discover the coordinates of the original space  , so that a new position can be computed corresponding to the new requdsted space. This transformed state space is equivalent to the state space consisting of the deflection angles θ and ψ i with its timederivatives . It is clear that the most difficult phase of object recognition is making the pointwise mapping from model to scene. With the FSTM partitioned effectively as an union of hyper-ellipsoids  , we can obtain the mapping from an input space of a dimensions to an output space of f3 dimensions in the N-dimensional augmented space  , a+f31N. Formally  , any density matrix ρ assigns a quantum probability for each quantum event in vector space R n   , thereby uniquely determining a quantum probability distribution over the vector space. We map the human hand motion to control the dexterous robot hand when performing power grasps  , the system adopts the joint space mapping method that motions of human hand joints are directly transferred to the robot hand and the operator can adjust the posture interactively; when performing the precise tasks  , the system adopts the modified fingertip position mapping method. A recent work has shown that a finger or manipulator should have at least the same number of active joints as the number of independent elements of the desired operational compliance matrix to modulate the desired compliance characteristic in the operational space 5. Force sensors are built into HITDLR hand. To find the stiffness in the joint space of each finger  , first we have to compute the unique Jacobian relation; particularly  , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closed-loop structured finger  , the backward mapping is unique 5. Performing this mapping also provides a means to model the relationship between question semantics and existing question-answer semantics which will be discussed further in Sect. This information is augmented with that derived from the set of answer terms  , thus by mapping a query question to the space of question-answers it is possible to calculate its similarity using words that do not exist in the question vocabulary and therefore are not represented in the topic distribution T Q . Relation a  , an abstraction relation  , explains how any given concrete design  , d ∈ cm  , instantiates i.e. This mapping is described by As in 2  , see also 3  , 4  , 5  , 7  , 8  , we assume that the image features are the projection into the 2D image plane of 3D poims in the scene space  , hence we model the action of the camera as a static mapping from the joint robot positions q E JR 2 to the position in pixels of the robot tip in the image out­ put  , denoted y E JR2. This way of sharing parameters allows the domains that do not have enough information to learn good mapping through other domains which have more data. A pointer in each entry of the mapping table would lead to what is essentially an overflow chain stored on the magnetic disc of records that are assigned to the hash bucket but which have not yet been archived on the optical disc. These mapping matrices are calculated for a given coil arrangement by treating the coils as magnetic dipoles in space and are calibrated through workspace measurements as outlined in 11  , 10. where each element of I is current through each of the c coils  , B is a 3 × c matrix mapping these coil currents to the magnetic field vector B and B x   , B y   , B z are the 3 × c matrices mapping the coil currents to the magnetic field spatial gradients in the x  , y and z directions  , respectively. However  , since the thumb and the ATX are coupled by the position constraints at the attachment points  , a unique mapping can be achieved between the degrees of freedom of the thumb and the ATX leading to the redundancy of the coupled system the same as that of the thumb alone. These internal points are hidden within the polytope P and they do not contribute to manipulability information. Using a known object model the interpolation of thi  , desired path can then be represented in the task space by a 3-D reconstruc­ tion or mapped directly to the image space. By performing a singular value decomposition 8 on the task space to sensor space Jacobian  , and analyzing the singular values of J and the eigenvectors of JTJ which result from the decomposition  , the directional properties of the ability of the sensor to resolve positions and orientations becomes apparent. From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. The 3D Tractus was designed to support direct mapping between its physical space to the task virtual space  , and can be viewed as a minimal and inexpensive sketch-based variant of the Boom Chameleon 14. Assuming that spatial and temporal facets of concepts are potentially useful not only in human understanding but also in computing applications  , we introduce a technique for automatically associating time and space to all concepts found in Wikipedia  , providing what we believe to be the largest scale spatiotemporal mapping of concepts yet attempted. In addition to the object-oriented description of a perspective we define a navigation path where the navigation space is restricted depending on the selected perspective. The navigation space is defined by the semantic distance between the initial concept and other related concepts. Determining manipulability polytope requires the mapping of an n-dimensional polytope Q in joint space to an m-dimensional polytope P in task space by the transformation P = AQ with n > m. It is known that one part of the hypercube vertices becomes final zonotope vertices5  while the remainder become internal points of P . In order to incorporate the curiosity information   , we create a user-item curiousness matrix C with the same size as R  , and each entry cu ,i denotes u's curiousness about item i. When users ask for a particular region  , a small cube within the data space  , we can map all the points in the query to their index and evaluate the query conditions over the resulting rows. For each document in X represented as one row in X  , the corresponding row in V explicitly gives its projection in V. A is sometimes called factor loadings and gives the mapping from latent space V to input space X . If intervals are represented more naturally   , as line segments in a two-dimensional value-interval space  , Guttman's R-tree 15  or one of its variants including R+-tree 29 and R*-tree 1  could be used. A sufficient condition is that the mapping defined by the task function between the sensor space and the configuration space is onto for each t within O ,T. We recall that the feasibility of a task defined by a task function and an initial condition lies in the existence of a solution F *  t  to the equation e@  , t  = 0 for each t within O  , TI. According to the Jordan Curve Theorem  , any closed curve homeomorphic t o a circle drawn around and in the vicinity of a given point on an orientable surface divides the surface into two separate domains for which the curve is their common boundaryll. Then  , Space uses the  Alloy Analyzer—an automatic bounded verifier for the Alloy language—to compare the specialized constraints to our pattern catalog which is also specified in Alloy. As this technique offers conceptual simplicity   , it will be pursued. Successively  , this germinal idea was further developed  , considering the dynamics a  , multiple arms 35  , defective systems and different motion capabilities of the robotic devices 6  , 83  , wire-based manipulators  , 9  , 101. So the joint-space trajectories of the thumb can be determined by the joint-space trajectories of the ATX and vice versa. In this paper we describe the 3D Tractus-based robotic interface  , with its current use for controlling a group of robots composed of independent AIBO robot dogs and virtual software entities. This is just one method of generating a query map  , if we look further at types of mappings  , we will realise that the possibilities are endless. Spatial databases have numerous applications  , including geographic information systems  , medical image databases ACF+94   , multimedia databases after extracting n features from each object  , and mapping it into a point in n-d space Jaggl  , FRM94  , as well as traditional databases  , where each record with n attributes can be considered as a point in n-dimensional space Giit94. In order to guarantee the fast retrieval of the data stored in these databases  , spatial access methods are typically used. HiSbase combines these techniques with histograms for preserving data locality  , spatial data structures such as the quad- tree 8 for efficient access to histogram buckets  , and space filling curves 6 for mapping histogram buckets to the DHT key space. As a request must search the Q buckets contained in the fraction of the volume of the address space as defined by the request  , one method of mapping to these buckets would be to generate all possible combinations of attribute sets containing the request attributes and map to the address space one to one for each possible combina- tion. Space Security Pattern Checker finds security bugs in Ruby on Rails 2 web applications  , and requires only that the user provide a mapping from application-defined resource types to the object types of the standard role-based model of access control RBAC 30  , 15 . However they are not adequate to accurately estimate the actual performance achievable at the End Effector EE for two main reasons: the ellipsoids  , or 'hyperellipsoids' in R m   , derive from the mapping to the task space of hyperspheres in the normalized joint space  , while the set of joint performances is typically characterized by hypercubes  , i.e. Since a continuous state s ∈ S specifies the placement of objects  , one can determine whether or not the predicate holds at s. This interpretation of which predicates actually hold at a continuous state provides a mapping from the continuous space to the discrete space  , denoted as a function map S →Q : S → Q. Moreover  , trajectories over S give meaning to the actions in the discrete specification. For the single stance motion  , we modify the animation motion to be suitable for the robot by 1 keeping the stance foot flat on the ground  , and 2 mapping the motion in the Euclidean space into the robot's configuration space. Using our fully decoupled tracker and mapper design and fast image space tracking  , we are able to compute the pose estimates on the MAV in constant time at 4.39 ms while building the growing global map on the ground station. The approach we take is to use an online optimization of one-step lmkahead  , choosing trajectories that maximize the space explored while minimizing the likelihood we will become lost on re-entering the map. each joint performance is bounded by +/-a maximum value; the ellipsoids are formulated using task space vectors that are not homogeneous from a dimensional viewpoint  , to take into account both translational and rotational performances; the weight matrices used to normalize do not provide unique results this problem had already been identified in 5. In such a case there is one dominant direction  , which is reflected in one slot  , see figure 3 -d. The advising orientation depends on the pq-histogram quadrant where the peak is found. Overall  , the mapping of linguistic properties of the quotes in the latent bias space is surprisingly consistent  , and suggest that out-an longer  , variable period of time 32. We do not describe the mechanism of such automation due to the scope and the space limitation of this paper. The proliferation of generated components is the main limitation of the naive method-to-component mapping. The results 812 were encouraging but mixed and revealed some shortcomings of the AspectJ design with respect to its usability in this context. Notice that it is possible for two distinct search keys to be mapped to the same point in the k-dimensional space under this mapping. Schema mappings are inserted at the key space corresponding to the source schema at the overlay layer – or at the key spaces corresponding to both schemas if the mapping is bidirectional: U pdateSchema M apping ≡ U pdateSource Schema Key  , Schema M apping. They use minimal space  , providing that the size is known in advance or that growth is not a problem e.g. By mapping one-dimensional intervals to a two-dimensional space  , we illustrate that the problem of indexing uncertainty with probabilities is significantly harder than interval indexing  , which is considered a well-studied problem. In the information visualization field  , mapping of data variables on the display space is often performed by means of visual attributes like color  , transparency  , object size  , or object position. The local internal schema consists of a logical schema  , storage schema  , level schema. The error involved in such an assignment will increase as the difference in effective table sizes between the new query and the leader increases. Within these triangles  , users were asked to compare the three systems by plotting a point closest to the best performing system  , and furthest from the worst. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. For example  , the question string " Where is the Hudson River located ? " In a computer implementation  , if the available storage space is scarce  , it is straightforward to devise other mappings from hexagonal to quadractic not necessarily rectangular grids that do not leave empty cells. However  , the large number of cells necessary for precise mapping results in time-consuming grid update procedures. The master workspace was transformed into a cylindrical shaped space to assist the operator in maintaining smooth motion along a curved surface. Finally  , we introduce two applications of ILM that bring out its potential: first  , Diffusion Mapping is an approach where a highly redundant team of simple robots is used to map out a previously unknown environment  , simply by virtue of recording the localization and line-of-sight traces  , which provide a detailed picture of the navigable space. This trajectory  , moreover  , is generate in advance. However  , our experience with doing this using an optimal control approach is that the computational cost of adding many obstacles can be significant. The RRC manipulator used in this task is equipped with a Multibus-based servo control unit located in a separate cabinet. Since there is no natural mapping of documents to vectors in this setting  , the procedure for posts is similar. However  , most existing research on semantic hashing is only based on content similarity computed in the original keyword feature space. Most importantly  , the manipulability definitions are independent of the choice of parametrization for these two spaces  , as well as the kinematic mapping. Due to the geometrical structure of the state space and the nature of the Jacobian mapping between joint velocities and rates of change of a behavioral variable see eq. We have divided the full SLAM problem into a fast monocular image space tracking MIST on the MAV and a keyframe-based smoothing and mapping on the ground station. After examining the relevancy of the datasets using our developed relevancy classifier  , we now use our TIRM mapping scheme in transforming the results into the intention space. Such a peripherally graded pattern was first expressed as a conformal exponential mapping in 21. On the other hand  , the inverse kinematic method has symbolic solutions only in types of manipulator kinematics 7. The mapping between workspace and configuration space is straightforward: A point p in the workspace corresponds to the set of configurations in C which have p as their position. On-line control command is calculated mapped from the learned lookup table with the on-line sampled new sensor signals. Summarizing  , in this paper we present a framework for solving efficiently the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multi-dimensional quasi-identifiers to 1-D space. In the context of a search engine  , inverted index compression encoding is usually infrequent compared to decompression decoding   , which must be performed for every uncached query. During the mapping of FMSVs  , the most effective heuristic feature sets are selected to ensure reasonable prediction accuracy. This histogram was established from a mapping from a 3D space to 2D ZXplane using the depth inforniation to represent the obstacles in the environment. This will build a mapping of the sensory-motor space to reach this goal. This is another issue that has seen a great deal of exploratory research  , including studies of offices and real desks 6. For example  , pattern matching classes that encode multi- DoF motions 22 or force functions for each joint 9; or direct control within a reduced dimensionality space 14. This dictionary element is therefore represented twice. The space V now consists of all time series extracted from shapes with the above mapping . However  , our study shows that fractal dimensions have promising properties and we believe that these dimensions are important as such. They also use a query-pruning technique  , based on word frequencies  , to speed up query execution. For example  , outlets on the conservative side of the latent ideological spectrum are more likely to select Obama's quotes that contain more negations and negative sentiment  , portraying an overly negative character. The constraints associated with these exposures and the user-provided mapping are passed through a constraint specializer  , which re-casts the constraints in terms of the types in our pattern catalog. Then  , Space uses the Alloy Analyzer to perform automatic bounded verification that each data exposure allowed by the application is also allowed by our catalog. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive We examined the code of the applications in our experiment for precisely this situation—security policies intended based on evidence in the code itself to be more restrictive than the corresponding patterns in our catalog—and found none. Q4 no results presented due to lack of space features the 'BEFORE' predicate which may be expensive to evaluate. This makes it very difficult for GA to identify the correct mapping for an item. Figure 2shows a simple example of query reformulation. Thus  , LSH can be employed to group highly similar blocks in buckets  , so that it suffices it compare blocks contained in the same bucket. To avoid epoch numbers from growing without bound and consuming extra space  , we plan to " reclaim " epochs that are no longer needed. By mapping multi-dimensional data to one-dimensional values  , a one-dimensional indexing method can be applied. Based on the findings from our evaluations  , we propose a hybrid approach that benefits from the strength of the graph-based approach in visualising the search space  , while attempting to balance the time and effort required during query formulation using a NL input feature. This system may be implemented in SMART using the set of modules shown in figure 4. 2  , this direction changes during movement  , even in the absence of other perturbations. Therefore  , we can control the closed-chain system with the same control structure in Equation This immediately provides an important result; the dynamically consistent null space mapping matrix for the closed-chain system is the same as the one for the open-chain system   , N in Equation 9. The time savings would be crucial in real-world applications when the category space is much larger and a real-time response of category ranking is required . But since only partial term-document mapping is preserved  , a loss in retrieval performance is inevitable. The expected disc space consumption for a buffered hashing organization BHash for WORM optical d.iscs is analyzed in 191. Based on that  , a bridging mapping is learned to seamlessly connect these individual hamming spaces for cross-modal hashing . In addition  , superposition events come with a flexible way in quantifying how much evidence the observation of dependency κ brings to its component terms. The order of this list was fixed to give a one-to-one mapping of distinct terms and dimensions of the vector space. Secondly  , transaction language constructs should be functions in the logic such that transactions can be represented as expressions mapping states to states that can be composed to form new transactions . This section contains the results of running several variations of the traversal portion of the 001 benchmark using the small benchmark database of 20 ,000 objects. However  , this optimization can lead to starvation of certain types of transactions. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with single-point contact. to increase efficiency or the field's yield  , in economic or environmental terms. The optimization problem presented in Section II is strongly limited by local mimima see Section IV-B for examples. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. It combines a global combinatorial optimization in the position space with a local dynamic optimization to yield the global optimal path. For some scenarios  , our strategies yield provably optimal plans; for others the strategies are heuristic ones. Otherwise  , the resulting plans may yield erroneous results. The carry-over optimization can yield substantial reductionq in the number of lock requests per transaction . The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with two-point contact. Why this popular approach does not often yield the least deviation is explained by example. The optimization yields the optimal path and exploits the available kinematic and actuator redundancy to yield optimal joint trajectories and actuator forces/torques. Other  , more sophisticated IBT approaches using the maximum subsequence optimization may still yield improvement  , but we leave this as future work. In this paper  , only triangular membership functions are coded for optimization. Since this type of predictions involve larger temporal horizons and needs to use both the controller organization and modalities  , it may yield larger errors. In 5 some numeric values for the components of the joint axis vectors and distance vectors to the manipulator tip were found  , for whiclr the Jacobian matrices have condition numbers of 1. However  , they become computationally expensive for large manufacturing lines i.e. ii it discards immediately irrelevant tuples. The original query is transformed into syntactically different  , but semantically equivalent t queries  , which may possibly yield a more efficient execution planS. The recursive optimization techniques  , when applied to small manufacturing lines  , yield the solution with reasonable computational effort. Many optimization methods were also developed for group elevator scheduling. Reusing existing GROUP BY optimization logic can yield an efficient PIVOT implementation without significant changes to existing code. As a consequence  , for a given problem the rule-based optimization always yield to the same set of solutions. In our case online position estimates of the mapping car can be refined by offline optimization methods Thrun and Montemerlo  , 2005 to yield position accuracy below 0.15 m  , or with a similar accuracy onboard the car by localizing with a map constructed from the offline optimization. 2 Performance stability: Caret-optimized classifiers are at least as stable as classifiers that are trained using the default settings. Finally  , we would like to emphasize that we do not seek to claim the generalization of our results. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. Some of them suppose a particular geometry planar or with three intersecting axes  , others a fixed kinematic joint type or general mobilities  or even no constraints in the optimization no obstacle avoidance for instance. The primary advantage over the implicit integration method of Anitescu and Potra is the lower running time that such alternative methods can yield  , as the results in Table Ican testify. The method is based on looking at the kinematic parameters of a manipulator as the variables in the problem  , and using methods of constrained optimization to yield a solution. This method consists of a hierarchical search for the best path in a tessellated space  , which is used as the initial conditions for a local path optimization to yield the global optimal path. However  , this requires that the environment appropriately associate branch counts and other information with the source or that all experiments that yield that information be redone each time the source changes. Further research into query optimization techniques for Ad-Hoc search would be fruitful: this would also require an investigation into the trade offs with respect to effectiveness and efficiency found with such techniques. While this method works for relatively low degree-of-freedom manipulators  , there is a 'cross over' point beyond which the problem becomes overdetermined   , and an exact solution cannot be guaranteed. These benefits include verification of architectural constraints on component compositions  , and increased opporttmities for optimization between components. In addition  , applications that use these services do not have the ability to pick and choose optional features  , though new optimization techniques may remove unused code from the application after the fact 35. Moreover  , a fixed point for each motion primitive By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. Then we use: The same optimization except for the absorption of new would yield a structuring scheme which creates objects only for lm aliases. This is an important optimization since indeed the volumes in each time interval yield a sparse vector. They are more suitable for real-time control in a sensor-based control environment. In order to verify that the optimization results do indeed yield a gear box mechanism that produces in-phase flapping that is maintained even during asymmetric wing motion  , a kinematic evaluation was conducted by computational simulation and verified by experiment. Now  , the optimization problem reduces to estimating the coefficients by maximizing the log-posterior which is the sum of the log-likelihood Eq. It eliminates the main weakness of the NRSU-transformation: it works even when input arguments are variables  , not constants   , and hence it can be applied to far more calls in deductive database programs. Subsequent optimization steps then work on smaller subsets of the data Below  , we briefly discuss the CGLS and Line search procedures. The final results show Q2 being used for root-finding instead of optimization. By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. The multitask case was thought to be more demanding because more obstacles and paths must be accommodated using the same  , limited parameter space that was used individual task optimization  , meaning that the number of well fit solutions should decrease markedly. Since optimization of queries is expensive   , it is appropriate that we eliminate queries that are not promising  , i.e. The following table lists all combinations of metric and distance-combining function and indicates whether a precomputational scheme is available ++  , or  , alternatively   , whether early abort of distance combination is expected to yield significant cost reduction +: distance-combining func But IO-costs dominate with such queries  , and the effect of the optimization is limited. However  , to increase opportunities for optimization   , all AQ i are combined into one audit query AQ whose output is a set of query identifiers corresponding to those AQ i that yield non-empty results. In contrast  , last criterion   , which is typical of schemes generally seen in the robotics literature  , yields analytical expressions for the trajectory and locally-optimal solutions for joint rates and actuator forces. Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. Autonomic computing is a grand challenge  , requiring advances in several fields of science and technology  , particularly systems  , software architecture and engineering  , human-system interfaces  , policy  , modeling  , optimization  , and many branches of artificial intelligence such as planning  , learning  , knowledge representation and reasoning  , multiagent systems  , negotiation  , and emergent behavior. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantial benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. The rationale of using M codebooks instead of single codebook to approximate each input datum is to further minimize quantization error  , as the latter is shown to yield significantly lossy compression and incur evident performance drop 30  , 3. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantially benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. the necessary hard constraints have been applied to yield a feasible solution space defined on the PCM  , any path on the PCM  , from the point corresponding to the initial position of the robot to a point on the T G S   , will give rise to a valid solution for the interception problem. will not yield an autonomic computing system unless the elements share a set of common behaviors  , interfaces and interaction patterns that are demonstrably capable of engendering system-level selfmanagement . Unlike previous work  , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. Deep learning with bottom-up transfer DL+BT: A deep learning approach with five-layer CAES and one fully connected layer. Deep learning with no transfer DL 14: A deep learning approach with five convolutional layers and three fully connected layers. However  , using deep learning for temporal recommendation has not yet been extensively studied. When further integrating transfer learning to deep learning  , DL+TT  , DL+BT and DL+FT achieve better performance than the DL approach. In this paper  , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. Our approach provides a novel point of view to Wikipedia quality classification. Besides  , the idea of deep learning has motivated researchers to use powerful generative models with deep architectures to learn better discriminative models 21. 42 proposed deep learning approach modeling source code. This shows stronger learning and generalization abilities of deep learning than the hand-crafted features. Our learning to rank method is based on a deep learning model for advanced text representations using distributional word embeddings . Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. 23 took advantage of learning deep belief nets to classify facial action units in realistic face images. The relation between deep learning and emotion is given in Sect. Recent developments in representation learning deep learning 5 have enabled the scalable learning of such models. We use a variation of these models 28  to learn word vector representation word embeddings that we track across time. We consider MV-DNN as a general Deep learning approach in the multi-view learning setup. Many researchers recognize that even exams tend to evaluate surface learning   , and that deep learning is not something that would surface until long after a course has finished 5 . We propose the DL2R system based on three novel insights: 1 the integration of multidimension of ranking evidences  , 2 context-based query reformulations with ranked lists fusion  , and 3 deep learning framework for the conversational task. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. Additionally  , we report the results from a recent deep learning system in 38 that has established the new state-of-the-art results in the same setting. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. Allamanis and Sutton 3 trains n-gram language model a giga-token source code corpus. When dealing with small amounts of labelled data  , starting from pre-trained word embeddings is a large step towards successfully training an accurate deep learning system. First  , was the existing state of the art  , Flat-COTE  , significantly better than current deep learning approaches for TSC ? Second  , we propose reducing the visual appearance gap by applying deep learning techniques. On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. Some of them are deep cost of learning and large size of action-state space. Then  , we learn the combinations of different modalities by multi kernel learning. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos  , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. for which the discontinuities only remain for the case of deep penetrations. However  , despite its impressive performance Flat-COTE has certain deficiencies. We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. Together with the self-learning knowledge base  , NRE makes a deep injection possible. 27 empirically showed that having more queries but shallow documents performed better than having less queries but deep documents. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. Next  , we describe our deep learning model and describe our experiments. Word2Vec 6 provides vector representation of words by using deep learning. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. scoring  , and ranked list fusion. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications  , e.g. Our work is taking advantage of deep models to extract robust facial features and translate them to recognize facial emotions. In our work we propose a novel deep learning approach extended from the Deep Structured Semantic Models DSSM 9 to map users and items to a shared semantic space and recommend items that have maximum similarity with users in the mapped space. In this paper we address the aforementioned challenges through a novel Deep Tensor for Probabilistic Recommendation DTPR method. The instance learning method presented in the paper has been experimentally evaluated on a dataset of 100 Deep Web Pages randomly selected from most known Deep Web Sites. Table 1reports the precision  , recall and F-measure calculated for the proposed method. In addition  , a comparison between a state-of-the-art BoVW approach and our deep multi-label CNN was performed on the publicly available  , fully annotated NUSWIDE scene dataset 7 . learn to extract a meaningful representation for each review text for different products using a deep learning approach in an unsupervised fashion 9. Deep learning with full transfer DL+FT i.e.  We introduce a deep learning model for prediction. For each of the features  , we describe our motivation and the method used for extraction below. The mentorship dataset is collected from 16 famous universities such as Carnegie Mellon and Stanford in the field of computer science. In this paper  , we propose a " deep learning-to-respond " framework for open-domain conversation systems. Given a query with context  , the proposed model would return a response—which has the highest overall merged ranking score F. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema.  Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. Using deep learning approaches for recommendation systems has recently received many attentions 20  , 21  , 22. It yielded semantically accurate results and well-localized segmentation maps. In this experiment  , the magazine page detection time is measured for four scenarios with all 4 types of features. Deep learning has recently been proposed for building recommendation systems for both collaborative and content based approaches. In Sections 4 and 5  , we introduce the detailed mechanisms of contextual query reformulation and the deep learning-to-respond architecture. We demonstrate that Flat-COTE is significantly better than both deep learning approaches. However  , the current state of the art is confirmed to be Flat-COTE and our next objective is to evaluate whether HIVE-COTE is a significant improvement. First  , we have designed an ontology specific for personal photos from 10 ,000 active users in Flickr. Deep learning with top-down transfer DL+TT: The same architecture and training set as DL except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. Our model also outperforms a deep learning based model while avoiding the problem of having to retrain embeddings on every iteration. This ranking based objective has shown to be better for recommendation systems 9. We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques  , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . To assess the effectiveness and generality of our deep learning model for text matching  , we apply it on tweet reranking task. The framework can integrate other information such as reviewer's information  , product information  , etc. The learned representations can be used in realizing the tasks  , with often enhanced performance . In the second phase  , we trained the DNN model on the training set by using tensorflow 8   , the deep learning library from Google. The proposed deep learning model was applied to the data collected from the Academic Genealogy Wiki project. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 40 . In addition  , deep learning technologies can be implemented in further research. As mentioned earlier weather data has many specific characteristics which depend on time and spatial location. Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding. On the second task  , our model demonstrates that previous state-of-the-art retrieval systems can benefit from using our deep learning model. This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 11. We implement a CNN using a common framework and conduct experiments on 85 datasets. Here we adopted an approach similar to 46  , but with a topic model that enhances submission correctness and provides a self-learning knowledge expansion model. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema. Therefore   , all these heterogeneous ranking evidences are integrated together through the proposed Deep Learning-to-Respond schema. Given a human-issued message as the query  , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. We believe that having an explicit symbolic representation is an advantage to vector-based models like deep learning because of direct interpretability . We presented a deep learning methodology for human part segmentation that uses refinements based on a stack of upconvolutional layers. A widely used method for traffic speed prediction is the autoregressive integrated moving average ARIMA model 1. In this paper  , we proposed a novel deep learning method called eRCNN for traffic speed prediction of high accuracy. Our work seeks to address two questions: first  , is Flat-COTE more accurate than deep learning approaches for TSC ? In the following  , we give a problem formulation and provide a brief overview of learning to rank approaches. Consequently we decided to instead identify evidence of 'critical thinking' by capturing the transcripts of the students' communication events and by interviewing them on their perceptions of the benefits of the technologies. We first point out when we apply deep learning to the problems  , we in fact learn representations of natural language in the problems. While our model allows for learning the word embeddings directly for a given task  , we keep the word matrix parameter W W W static. We propose several effective and scalable dimensionality reduction techniques that reduce the dimension to a reasonable size without the loss of much information. This section explains our deep learning model for reranking short text pairs. In this paper  , we present a novel framework for learning term weights using distributed representations of words from the deep learning literature. Instead of relying solely on the anomalous features and extracting them greedily  , we have used deep learning approach of learning and subsequently reducing the feature set. Recent  , deep learning has shown its success in feature learning for many computer vision problem  , You et al. The research goal of the project is to test the hypothesis that this deep customization can lead to dramatic improvements in teaching and learning. We motivate the framework by adopting the word vectors to represent terms and further to represent the query due to the ability to represent things semantically of word vectors. The characteristics of requiring very little engineering by hand makes it easily discover interesting patterns from large-scale social media data.  Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. The method is based on: i a novel positional document object model that represents both spatial and visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of Web browser in rendered Deep Web pages; ii a novel visual similarity measure that exploit the rectangular cardinal relation spatial model for computing visual similarity between nodes of the PDOM.  Supervised hashing: Cross-Modal Similarity-Sensitive Hashing CMSSH 6 5  , Semantic Correlation Maximization SCM 28   , and Quantized Correlation Hashing QCH are supervised hashing methods which embed multimodal data into a common Hamming space using supervised metric learning. The model consists of several components: a Deep Semantic Structured Model DSSM 11 to model user static interests; two LSTM-based temporal models to capture daily and weekly user temporal patterns; and an LSTM temporal model to capture global user interests. DL + FT achieved the best Tag ranking DTL GFK DLFlickr DL DL+TT DL+BT DL+FT DL+withinDomain Figure 7: The top-N error rates of different approaches for tagging personal photos and an ideal performance obtained by training and testing on ImageNet denoted as DL+withinDomain. Specifically   , in our data sets with News  , Apps and Movie/TV logs  , instead of building separate models for each of the domain that naively maps the user features to item features within the domain  , we build a novel multi-view model that discovers a single mapping for user features in the latent space such that it is jointly optimized with features of items from all domains. We found that though our method gives results that are quite similar to the baseline case when prediction is done in 6 h before the event  , it gives significantly better performance when prediction is done 24 h and 48 h before the events. While the problemtailored heuristics and the search-oriented heuristics require deep knowledge on the problem characteristics to design problem-solving procedures or to specify the search space  , the learning-based heuristics try t o automatically capture the search control knowledge or the common features of good solutions t o solve the given problem. This paper focuses on the development of a learning-based heuristic for the MSP. Deep learning approaches generalize the distributional word matching problem to matching sentences and take it one step further by learning the optimal sentence representations for a given task. To address the above issues  , we present a novel transfer deep learning approach with ontology priors to tag personal photos. The main contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this paper is one of the first attempts to design a domain-specific ontology for personal photos and solve the tagging problem by transfer deep learning. This has certain advantages like a very fast training procedure that can be applied to massive amounts of data  , as well as a better understanding of the model compared to increasingly popular deep learning architectures e.g. Our deep learning model has a ranking based objective which aims at ranking positive examples items that users like higher than negative examples. We also showed how to extend this framework to combine data from different domains to further improve the recommendation quality. Despite the fact that most of the evaluation in this paper used proprietary data  , the framework should be able to generalize to other data sources without much additional effort as shown in Section 9 using a small public data set. To understand the content of the ad creative from a visual perspective  , we tag the ad image with the Flickr machine tags  , 17 namely deep-learning based computer vision classifiers that automatically recognize the objects depicted in a picture a person  , or a flower. Similar to our work  , to predict CTR for display ads  , 4 and 23 propose to exploit a set of hand-crafted image and motion features and deep learning based visual features  , respectively . Traditional Aesthetic Predictor: What if existing aesthetic frameworks were general enough to assess crowdsourced beauty ? We create a huge conversational dataset from Web  , and the crawled data are stored as an atomic unit of natural conversations: an utterance  , namely a posting  , and its reply. Till now  , we have validated that deep learning structures  , contextual reformulations and integrations of multi-dimensions of ranking evidences are effective. To give deep insights into the proposed model  , we illustrate these two aspects by using intuitive examples in detail. This work is a first step towards learning deep semantics of review content using skip-thought vectors in review rating prediction. At the same time it is not possible to tune the word embeddings on the training set  , as it will overfit due to the small number of the query-tweet pairs available for training. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos  , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. In order to scale the system up  , we propose several dimensionality reduction techniques to reduce the number of features in the user view. As a pilot study  , we believe that this work has opened a new door to recommendation systems using deep learning from multiple data sources. Given that the image features we consider are based on a state-ofthe-art deep learning library  , it is interesting to compare the performance of image-related features with a similar signal derived from the crowd. Data augmentation  , in our context  , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. To compute the similarity score we use an approach used in the deep learning model of 38  , which recently established new state-of-the-art results on answer sentence selection task. We model the mixedscript features jointly in a deep-learning architecture in such a way that they can be compared in a low-dimensional abstract space. We thus aim to apply an automatic feature engineering approach from deep learning in future works to automatically generate the correct ranking function. Moreover  , we aim to integrate HAWK in domain-specific information systems where the more specialized context will most probably lead to higher F-measures. The proposed approach is founded on: In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. With the recent success in many research areas 1   , deep learning techniques have attracted increasing attention. In contrast to 9  , which is applied to text applications  , we need to handle the high-dimensional problem of images  , which results in more difficulties. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. The DNN ranker  , serving as the core of " deep learning-to-rank " schema  , models the relation between two sentences query versus context/posting/reply. The proposed method can find the equivalents of the query term across the scripts; the original query is then expanded using the thus found equivalents. In this work  , we propose a deep learning approach with a SAE model for mining advisor-advisee relationships. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. Viola and Jones 20  , 21 In recent years  , deep learning arouses academia and industrial attentions due to its magic in computer vision. We demonstrate that the standard approach is no better than dynamic time warping  , and both are significantly less accurate than the current state of the art. Specifically  , this paper has the following contributions:  We develop a supervised classification methodology with NLP features to outperform a deep learning approach . The high efficiency ensures an immediate response  , and thus the transfer deep learning approach with two modes can be adopted as a prototype model for real-time mobile applications  , such as photo tagging and event summarization on mobile devices. Accomplishing all this in a small project would be impossible if the team were building everything from scratch. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 15  , hence selecting educational resources that address these concepts is a critical task in supporting learners. Emerging new OCR approaches based on deep learning would certainly profit from the large set of training data. Additionally  , we note that a catalog of occurrences of glyphs can in itself be interesting  , for example to date or attribute printed works 2. More recently  , Wang and Wang 10  used deep leaning techniques which perform feature learning from audio signals and music recommendation in a unified framework. Finally  , many systems work with distributed vector representations for words and RDF triples and use various deep learning techniques for answer selection 10  , 31. In all of these works  , external resources are used to train a lexicon for matching questions to particular KB queries. However  , their model operates only on unigram or bigrams  , while our architecture learns to extract and compose n-grams of higher degrees  , thus allowing for capturing longer range dependencies. We present a joint NMF method which incorporates crowdbased emotion labels on articles and generates topic-specific factor matrices for building emotion lexicons via compositional semantics. In recent years  , alongside the enhancement of ASR technologies with deep learning 17  , various studies suggested advanced methods for voice search ASR and reported further performance enhancements. There is actually a series of variants of DL2R model with different components and different context utilization strategies. However   , while the word embeddings obtained at the previous step should already capture important syntactic and semantic aspects of the words they represent  , they are completely clueless about their sentiment behaviour. We are going to create JoBimText models 30 and extend those to interconnected graphs  , where we introduce new semantic relations between the nodes. A person can observe the existence and configuration of another persons body directly  , however all aspects of other people's minds must be inferred from observing their behaviour together with other information. Instance learning approaches exploit regularities available in Deep Web pages in terms of DOM structures for detecting data records and their data items. The previous study in 8 seeks to discover hidden schema model for query interfaces on deep Web. Recent IE systems have addressed scalability with weakly supervised methods and bootstrap learning techniques. Our techniques highlight the importance of low-level computer vision features and demonstrate the power of certain semantic features extracted using deep learning. In particular  , by training a neural language model 8  on millions of Wikipedia documents  , the authors first construct a semantic space where semantically close words are mapped to similar vector representations. This has a negative impact on the performance of our deep learning model since around 40% of the word vectors are randomly initialized. The learning component uses a data-driven and model-free approach for training the recurrent neural net  , which becomes an embedded part of a hybrid control scheme effective during execution. One of the challenges in studying an agent's understanding of others is that observed phenomena like behaviours can sometimes be explained as simple stimulus-response learning  , rather than requiring deep understanding. In this study  , we want to learn the weather attributes which are mainly in the form of real numbered values and thus have chosen stacked auto-encoder architecture of deep learning for the purpose. To summarize  , the contributions in this work are: 1 use rich user features to build a general-purpose recommendation system  , 2 propose a deep learning approach for content-based recommendation systems and study different techniques to scale-up the system  , 3 introduce the novel Multi-View Deep learning model to build recommendation systems by combining data sets from multiple domains  , 4 address the user cold start issue which is not well-studied in literature by leveraging the semantic feature mapping learnt from the multi-view DNN model  , and 5 perform rigorous experiments using four real-world large-scale data set and show the effectiveness of the proposed system over the state-of-the-art methods by a significantly large margin. Alternative solutions to this challenging problem were explored using a " Figure 1: Example of a PMR query and its relevant technote like " competition  , where several different research and development teams within IBM have explored various retrieval approaches including those that employ both state-of-theart and novel QA  , NLP  , deep-learning and learning-to-rank techniques. For each of the detectable objects  , the Flickr classifiers output a confidence score corresponding to the probability that the object is represented in the image. It breaks the task at hand into the following components: 1. a tensor construction stage of building user-item-tag correlation; 2. a tensor decomposition stage learning factors for each component mode; 3. a stage of tensor completion  , which computes the creativity value of tag pairs; and 4. a recommender stage that ranks the candidate items according to both precision and creative consideration . Hence  , in this paper we adopt a simple pointwise method to reranking and focus on modelling a rich representation of query-document pairs using deep learning approaches which is described next. The deep learning features outperform other features for the one-per-user and user-mix settings but not the user-specific setting. This result indicates that IdeaKeeper scaffoldings assisted students to focus on more important work than less salient activities in online inquiry. Even though  , in general  , changing the goal may lead to substantial modifications in the basins of attraction  , the expectation is that problems successfully dealt with in their first occurrence difficult cases reported for RPP are traps and deep local minima A general framework for learning in path planning has been proposed by Chen 8.  We investigate the relative importance of individual features  , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image  , another where each user has several thousand images  , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. Copyrights for third-party components of this work must be honored. Specifically  , in this work  , we propose a multi-rate temporal deep learning model that jointly optimizes long-term and short-term user interests to improve the recommendation quality. Table 4 shows that even by just using the user preferences among categories together with crowd-derived category information   , we can obtain an accuracy of 0.85 compared with 0.77 for Image+User features  , suggesting that crowdsourced image categorisation is more powerful than current image recognition and classification technology. 3 In this paper we propose a machine learning method that takes as input an ontology matching task consisting of two ontologies and a set of configurations and uses matching task profiling to automatically select the configuration that optimizes matching effectiveness. Recommendation systems and content personalization play increasingly important role in modern online web services. In this framework  , a slow  , globally effective planner is invoked when a fast but less effective planner fails  , and significant subgoal configurations found are remembered t o enhance future success chances of the fast planner. The rest of this paper is organized as following  , first we review major approaches in recommendation systems including papers that focus on the cold start problem in Section 2; in Section 3  , we describe the data sets we work with and detail the type of features we use to model the user and the items in each domain  , respectively. We then review the basic DSSM model and discuss how it could be extended for our setting in Section 4; in Section 5  , we introduce the multi-view deep learning model in details and discuss its advantages ; in Section 6  , we discuss the dimension reduction methods to scale-up the model; in Section 7  , 8  , 9 & 10  , we present a comprehensive empirical study; we finally conclude in Section 11 and suggest several future work. Through repetitively replacing bad vertices with better points the simplex moves downhill. We used the simplex downhill method Nelder and Mead 1965 for the minimization. If the temperature T is reduced slowly enough  , the downhill Simplex method shrinks into the region containing the lowest minimum value. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. Downhill Simplex method approximates the size of the region that can be reached at temperature T  , and it samples new points. As a downhill simplex method  , an initial guess of the intrinsic camera parameters is required for further calculation . Then  , the intensity p 0 was estimated from the retweet sequence of interest by using the fitting procedure developed in section 3.3. At high temperatures most moves are accepted and the simplex roams freely over the search space. A simplex is simply a set of N+l guesses  , or vertices  , of the N-dimensional statevector sought and the error associated with each guess. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. The robust downhill simplex method is employed to solve this equation. In contrast  , Nelder and Mead's Downhill -Simplex method requires much stricter control over which policies are evaluated. Run dijkstra search from the final node as shown in Fig.6. Run dijkstra search from the initial node as shown in Fig.5.2. Thus  , Dijkstra quickly becomes infeasible for practical purposes; it takes 10 seconds for 1000 services per task  , and almost 100 seconds for 3000 services per task. There are  , however  , important differences. For each node  , add the costs computed by the two dijkstra searches. Dijkstra's point was important then and no less significant now. Boolean assertions in programming languages and testing frameworks embody this notion. Selected statistics can be found in Table 2. These operations are executed through the standard semaphore technique Dijkstra DijSS using only one lock type. The language was influenced significantly by the Dijkstra " guarded command language " 4 and CSP lo . This approach provides a clean  , powerful method for working with a program specification to either derive a program structure which correctly implements the specification  , or just as important to identify portions of the specification which are incomplete or inconsistent. This heuristic only searches over the 2D grid map of the base layer with obstacles inflated by the base inner circle. The robot in this comparison is a differentially driven wheelchair and the lower bound eq. The Reverse Dijkstra heuristic is as described in Section 3.2.3 and shows significant improvement. The VLBG creates a graph where each node corresponds to a state that the vehicle may visit. The heuristic for the planner uses a 2D Dijkstra search from the goal state. Using Dijkstra or other graph searching methods  , a path between the start and goal configuration is then easily found. Finally  , the GETHEURISTIC function is called on every state encountered by the search. The robot then uses a Dijkstra-based graph search 20 to find the shortest path to the destination. Program building blocks are features that use AspectJ as the underlying weaving technology . The colors have the following semanticsWhen marking is over  , all the reachable objects have been detected as such and examined  , and are therefore black. The runtime of Dijkstra significantly increases  , as the number of services per task increases. The purpose of this circular region is to maintain an admissible heuristic despite having an underspecified search goal. On the contrary  , the " shortest path " also called " geodesic " or " Dijkstra "  distance between nodes of a graph does not necesarily decrease when connections between nodes are added  , and thus does not capture the fact that strongly connected nodes are closer than weakly connected nodes. In any case  , whichever way has been followed to actually build the program  , it is illuminating to be able to study and examine it by increasing levels of details at the reader's convenience. As a consequence our ability to manage large software systems simply breaks down once a certain threshold complexity is approached. In his 1968 letter  , Dijkstra noted that the programmer manipulates source code as a way to achieve a desired change in the program's behaviour; that is  , the executions of the program are what is germane  , and the source code is an indirect vehicle for achieving those behaviours. We are reaching the point where we are willing to tie ourselves down by declaring in advance our variable types  , weakest preconditions  , and the like. The third component is identification of documents for human relevance assessment. No one advocates or teaches this style of description  , so why do people use it instead of the more precise vocabulary of computer science ? One of the ways in which object-oriented programming helps us to do more  , to cope with the everincreasing variety of objects that our programs are asked to manipulate  , is by encouraging the programmer to provide diverse objects with uniform protocol. Their method  , called Horizontal Decomposition HD  , decomposes programs hierarchically a la Dijkstra 11 using levels of abstraction and step-wise refinement. If the precomputations would have to be run often  , we suggest not using the precomputations and instead running the Dijkstra search in AFTERGOAL with an unsorted array Section IV-B.1. We found that this makes all methods slower by 0.02s but it avoids the need for precomputation. While this heuristic captures some information about obstacles in the environment  , it does not account for the orientation of the robot. We used the idea of motion compression in order to apply Dual Dijkstra Search to motion planning of 7 DOF arm. The latter corresponds to placing a state-dependent conditions akin to Dijkstra guards on the servicing of PI operation 12 HRT-UML draws from the Ravenscar Profile the restrictions on the use of these invocation constraints. E. W. Dijkstra  , in his book on structured pro- gramming 7   , describes a backtracking solution with pruning   , which we implemented in Java for the purpose of our experiment. We will see that there is a direct route from Newton via Dijkstra to the programme put forward by Gaudel and her collaborators 7 ,8. Accordingly  , the marking agent successively examines all the reachable objects  , In order to remember which objects have already been examined  , and which ones still need to be  , the agent uses three color marking  , a method introduced by Dijkstra et al. The current implementation of the VLBG it is based upon a graph search technique derived from Dijkstra search. Depending on the result of the graph search  , the robot will approach and follow another street repeat the corresponding actions in the plan  , or stop if the crossing corresponds to the desired destination. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. The automatic generation of weakest assumptions has direct application to the assume-guarantee proof; it removes the burden of specifying assumptions manually thus automating this type of reasoning. We will briefly examine why these ideas are misguided based as they are on intuition about the nature of testing and how they may be reformulated to take account of scientific principles. This is shown in Figure 2c  , where a state with a smaller Dijkstra distance heuristic was sampled in the narrow passage. Algebraic axioms are particularly apt for describing the relationships between operations and for indicating how these operations are meant to be used. We also foresee that pruned landmark trees could be dynamically updated under edge insertions and deletions using techniques similar to those outlined in Tretyakov et al. To copy otherwise  , to republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. The methods were presented for the case of undirected unweighed graphs  , but they can be generalized to support weighted and directed graphs by replacing BFS with Dijkstra traversal and storing two separate trees for each landmark – one for incoming paths and another for outgoing ones. To make software evolution easier  , Dijkstra 9 and Parnas 18 recommended that any particular program be developed as though it is a member of a family of potential programs that share some common properties  , facilitated through appropriate abstraction of these commonalities. Among the more important concepts in systems  , languages  , and programming methodology during the last several years are those of data type Hoare 72  , clean control structure Dijkstra 72  , Hoare 74  , and capability-based addressing Fabry 74. It was pointed out by Dijkstra that the structural complexity of a large software system is greater than that of any other system constructed by man 3  , and that man's ability to handle complexity is severely limited DI ,D2. The common thread here is that the most plausible experiments are on real or realistic data; search tasks such as to find the documents on computer science in a collection of chemical abstracts seeded with a small number of articles by Knuth and Dijkstra are unlikely to be persuasive Tague-Sutcliffe  , 1992. The concept of program families evolved into the notion that reusable assets focused on a well-defined domain  , in the context of a domain-specific architecture  , show more promise in reducing development time 2 ,6 ,22. This ratio inand hence ~speedupnducsll~thesquarerootoftheradiusofthe largest domain  , and hence our earlier observation that the benefit of our scheme decreases as the domains am made bigger by decreasing the total manber of domains. These concepts are contributing to an increasingly coherent object-oriented view of programming  , manifested in the language developments of the Alphard and CLU groups Jones/Liskov 76  , in the systems work of Hydra at Carnegie-Mellon Wulf 74  , Wulf 75 and similar systems e.g. Experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method  , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. For a given nested query block  , several execution plans are possible  , each having its own required parameter sort order and cost. However   , we have chosen to re-arrange bytes by the sort order of prefixes read right to left. Results for such queries are shown in column TLC-O for the second group of queries q1-q2. This approach avoids generation of unwanted sort orders and corresponding plans. This Sort should also simplify the Group operation that follows and associates to each researcher the number of projects it belongs to. The sort continuous in this manner until the list of items is fully sorted in ascending order after the lg m th phase. While generating the plans for the nested blocks we consider only those plans that require a parameter sort order no stronger than the one guaranteed by the outer block. The cost of evaluating inner query block can vary significantly depending on the parameter sort order guaranteed by the outer query block. Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer parent query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. Then we sort the set of average intensities in ascending order and a rank is assigned to each block. The BWT rearranges characters in a block by the sort order of the suffixes of these characters. To reduce the number of candidate plans we can adopt a heuristic of considering only the physical operators that requires the strongest parameter sort order less than the guaranteed sort order. Depending on the delay condition  , HERB either simultaneously released the block no delay or waited until its head was fully turned and then released the block delay  , Fig- ure 2. Finally  , the block size for AIX is 2KB  , with Starburst assuming 4KB pages  , so each Starburst I/O actually requires two AIX I/OS.' A cost-based optimizer can consider the various interesting sort orders and decide on the overall best plan. For the table in Figure 3  , one might imagine that IP Address was used as a predictor for Client ID to some benefit because each user had a preferential computer   , shown below. However  , note that a sort-merge anti-join cannot be used if the correlated query block is part of a procedure or function where as NISR can be used in this case. If this heuristic is adopted in the above example  , when the parameter sort order guaranteed from the parent block is {p 1 } only the state retaining scan is considered and the plain table scan is dropped. An approximated block matrix is generated when we then sort the eigenvectors and rearrange the eigenvector components accordingly before calculating the eigenprojector. Figure 8shows an example of this technique in action. In this approach we first traverse all the blocks nested under a given query block and identify the set of all interesting parameter sort orders. Vo and Vo also showed that usage of multiple predictors for breaking ties in sort order often improves compression. For queries where other factors dominate the cost  , like join q2  , the speedup is relatively small. The rewrite applies only to single block selection queries. The run block size is the buffer size for external Instead of sorting the records in the data buffer directly  , we sort a set of pointers pointing to the records. We consider LB to be the elementary block and we attempt to discuss the possibilities of fault tolerance in this program. Since the matrices are hermitian  , the blocks are symmetric but different in color. We have implemented block nested-loop and hybrid hash variants. Similarly  , the second phase of bitonic sort involves merging each even-indexed 2- item block with the 2-item block immediately following it  , producing a list where consecutive 4-item blocks are sorted in alternating directions. Now  , the compatible combinations of plans and the effective parameter sort order they require from the parent block are as shown in Figure 5. Participants were also told that HERB's head would move and that HERB may provide suggestions about how to sort the blocks  , but that the final sorting method was up to them. When m is a power of 2  , bitonic sort lends itself to a very straight-forward non-recursive implementation based on the above description. Further  , the cost of the plan for the outer query block can vary significantly based on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the parameters. The necessary conditions to bundle operators within a block are: same degrees of parallelism and same partitioning strategies. Traditionally  , BWT rearranges bytes in a block by the sort order of all its suffixes. The minimum amount of main memory needed by Sort/Merge is three disk block buffers  , because in the sort phase  , two input buffers and one output buffer are needed. It is unfair for one sort to allocate extra memory it cannot use while others are waiting; l a sort whose performance is not very sensitive to memory should yield to sorts whose performance is more affected by memory space; l large sorts should not block small sorts indefinitely   , while small sorts should not prevent large sorts from getting a reasonable amount of mem- ory; l when all other conditions are the same  , older sorts should have priority over younger sorts. To eliminate unnecessary data traversal  , when generating data blocks  , we sort token-topic pairs w di   , z di  according to w di 's position in the shuffled vocabulary  , ensuring that all tokens belonging to the same model slice are actually contiguous in the data block see Figure 1 . If suffixes provide a good context for characters  , this creates regions of locally low entropy  , which can be exploited by various back-end compressors. Besides SIMDization  , implementing bitonic sort efficiently on the SPEs also require unrolling loops and avoiding branches as much as possible. The final permutation 41352 represents the sort order of the five tokens using last byte most significant order  , and can be used as input to future calls to permute. Then the Hilbert value ranges delineated by successive pairs of end marker values in the sorted list have the prop erty that they are fully contained within one block at each level of each participating tree. The bottom-up approach can be understood by the following signature of the Optimizer method. In the logical query DAG LQDAG  , due to the sharing of common subexpressions  , the mapping of parameters to the level of the query block that binds it cannot be fixed statically for each logical equivalence node. In each ordering we consider the first 5 blocks  , and for each block we calculate the maximum similarity to the 5 blocks on both the next and previous page. Plan operators that work in a set-oriented fashion e.g. To understand this property  , consider the paradigm used by previous skyline evaluation techniques  , such as Block Nested Loops 4 and Sort-First Skyline 9 . A cost-based optimizer can consider the various options available and decide on the overall best plan. This approach combines the benefits of both the top-down exhaustive approach and the bottom-up approach. In block B'Res  , a Sort operation is added to order the researchers according to their key number. A 6-axis force-torque sensor in the robot's hand identifies when the participant has grasped the block to begin the transfer phase of the handover. Our memory adjustment policy aims to improve overall system performance  , that is  , throughput and average response time  , but it also takes into account fairness considerations. The output of a single block FLWOR statement in XQuery can be ordered by either the binding/document order as specified in the FOR clauses or the value order as specified in the OR- DERBY clause. In order to avoid optimization of subexpressions for sort orders not of interest the bottom-up approach first optimizes the inner most query block producing a set of plans each corresponding to an interesting order. Inference of " bounded disorder " appears to be relevant when considering how order properties get propagated through block-nested-loop joins  , and could be exploited to reduce the cost of certain plan operators. Since the tuples within each block are sorted by timestamp  , a merge sort is employed to retrieve the original order of tuples across the different blocks in the run. The size of the shared pool  , which is used by Oracle to store session information such as sort areas and triggers  , was set to 20MB and the size of the log buffer to 4MB to minimise the influence of Oracle internals on the measurements. To the best of our knowledge  , the state-retention techniques and optimization of multi-branch  , multi-level correlated queries considering parameter sort orders have not been proposed or implemented earlier. This hierarchical agglomerative step begins with leaf clusters  , and has complexity quadratic in . Locality-based methods group objects based on local relationships. These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. They can be run in batch or interactively  , and can use a pre-existing modularization to reduce the amount of human interaction needed. To test this hypothesis  , we decided to use agglomerative cluster- ing 5 to construct a hierarchy of tags. The first and simplest level is trying RaPiD7 out according to the general idea of RaPiD7. Typically  , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7  , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. Furthermore  , JAD sessions are always somewhat formal  , whereas RaPiD7 sessions vary in formality depending on the case. Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist  , too. However  , RaPiD7 is not focusing on certain artifacts or phases of software development  , and actually does not state which kind of documents or artifacts could be produced using the method  , but leaves this to the practitioner of the method. JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents  , 7 steps. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. Three different levels of achievement can be perceived in implementing RaPiD7. In the following  , two approaches  , namely JAD and Agile modeling  , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways  , the differences are evident. This can be perceived from results already. On the other hand  , formal RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions can be quite alike. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. The obvious similarity with RaPiD7 is the idea of having well structured meetings in RaPiD7 called workshops in order to work out system details. This is probably why more efforts are put into the preparation work when using JAD  , and why with JAD the typical " from preparation to a finished document -time " is longer than with RaPiD7. Although it might be difficult to get people to change their ways of doing everyday work  , typically the teams trying out RaPiD7 for some time would not give up using it. The goal in RaPiD7 is to benefit the whole project by creating as many of the documents as possible using RaPiD7. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in figure 1. Specifically  , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is  , however  , significant. The people who would traditionally participate the inspections are the people who will participate the RaPiD7 workshops  , too. The last and final level is to utilize RaPiD7 in a full-scale software project  , and plan the documentation authoring in projects by scheduling consecutive workshops. On the other hand  , there is a clear and valid reason for the aforementioned hesitancy for the applicability of agile modeling. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. The cases differ by the time required  , the people participating the workshops and the techniques used in the workshops. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski  , Oula Heikkinen  , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. The workshops are well prepared  , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. Furthermore  , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. Hundreds of people have been involved in making RaPiD7 as a working practice in Nokia. Joint application development JAD is a requirements-definition and user-interface design methodology according to Steve McConnell 4. However  , it suits best for documents that are not product-like in nature. By using RaPiD7 method  , the following benefits are expected to realize:  Artifacts and specifications will be produced in a relatively short time from couple of days to one week  Inspecting the documents will not be typically needed after the document has been authored in a workshop  Communication in projects will be easier and more effective  People can work more flexibly in teams as they all share the same information  The overall quality of artifacts and specifications will be improved  No re-work is needed and hence time is saved  Schedules for workshops in projects are known early enough to plan traveling efficiently  , and thus costs can be reduced 3URFHHGLQJVVRIIWKHWKK ,QWHUQDWLRQDO&RQIHUHQFHHRQ6RIWZDUHHQJLQHHULQJJ ,&6 ¶  , Workshop n. Finished Figure 2  , Creating a document using RaPiD7 RaPiD7 method can be applied for authoring nearly all types of documents. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. Therefore  , the key issue seems to be getting the teams to try out RaPiD7 long enough to see the benefits realizing. Without the efforts of these users we would not have such good results nor would we have RaPiD7 as an institutionalized way of working. In addition  , agile modeling does not provide ways to plan the modeling sessions in your software projects whereas in JAD and RaPiD7 the planning is seen crucial for success. The first workshops  , when trying to find out the right approach for a specific document type  , are the most difficult ones. It is no surprise that these different methods provide and promote similar kind of techniques for effective documentation work. In addition  , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. After all  , if projects are planned according to RaPiD7 methodology there will be a number of workshops to participate in. This usually requires approximately two to three days of work for the first workshop  , and a few hours for the following workshops. In JAD  , the general idea is to have a workshop or a set of workshops rather than having unlimited number of workshops throughout the project. On the other hand  , agile modeling provides a number of pragmatic ideas how to perform agile modeling sessions to produce certain kind of models. Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. The term "Genetic Programming" was first introduced by Koza 12 and it enables a computer to do useful things by automatic programming. However  , whether the balance can be achieved by genetic programming used by GenProg has still been unknown so far. The problems all shared a common set of primitives. GGGP is an extension of genetic programming. The core of this engine is a machine learning technique called Genetic Programming GP. Given a problem  , the basic idea behind genetic programming 18 is to generate increasingly better solutions of the given problem by applying a number of genetic operators to the current population . Compared to random search  , genetic programming used by GenProg can be regard as efficient only when the benefit in terms of early finding a valid patches with fewer number of patch trials  , brought by genetic programming  , has the ability of balancing the cost of fitness evaluations  , caused by genetic programming itself. Communication fitness for controller of Figure  93503 for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. In Section 2  , we provide background information on term-weighting components and genetic programming. l   , who used genetic programming to evolve control programs for modular robots consisting of sliding-style modules 2  , 81. al. Several program repair approaches assume the existence of program specification. First  , the initial population is generated  , and then genetic operators  , such as Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. One of the key problems of genetic programming is that it is a nondeterministic procedure. These primitives were d e signed to aid genetic programming in finding a solution and either encapsulated problem specific information or low-level information that was thought to be helpful for obtaining a solution. In this paper  , however  , we plan to further investigate whether genetic programming used by GenProg has the better performance over random search  , when the actual evolutionary search has started to work. Determining which information to add was the result of parallel attempts to examine the unsuccessful results produced by the genetic programming and attempts to hand code problem solutions. We defer discussing the possible reason to Section 6. In this paper  , we try to investigate the two questions via the performance comparison between genetic programming and random search. One novel part of our work is that we use a Genetic Programming GP based technique called ARRANGER Automatic geneRation of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming to discover ranking functions automatically Fan 2003a. Ranking functions usually could not work consistently well under all situations. We compared EAGLE with its batch learning counterpart. Other researchers used classifier systems 17  or genetic programming paradigm 3  to approach the path planning problem. RQ2 is designed to answer the question. proposed GenProg  , an automatic patch generation technique based on genetic programming. In Section 3  , we present our Combined Component Approach for similarity calculation. Individuals in the new generation are produced based on those in the current one. 19  select ranking functions using genetic programming   , maximizing the average precision on the training data. GP maintains a population of individual programs. Individuals in a new generation are produced based on those in the previous one. The entity resolution ER problem see 14 ,3  for surveys shares many similarities with link discovery. An individual represents a tentative solution for the target problem. We are not surprised for this experimental results. 17  propose matching ads with a function generated by learning the impact of individual features using genetic programming. This approach randomly mutates buggy programs to generate several program variants that are possible patch candidates. The 'Initial Repair' heading reports timing information for the genetic programming phase and does not include the time for repair minimization. for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. collision avoidance as well as helping achieve the overall task. 7  proposed a new approach to automatically generate term weighting strategies for different contexts  , based on genetic programming GP. Interested readers can reference that paper or  The details of our system and methodology for Genetic Programming GP are discussed in our Robust track paper. Generate an initial population of random compositions of the functions and terminals of the problem solutions. GP is expansion of GA in order to treat structural representation. As our time and human resources were limited for taking two tasks simultaneously  , in this task we only concentrate on testing our ranking function discovery technique  , ARRANGER Automatic Rendering of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming Fan 2003a  , Fan 2003b  , which uses Genetic Programming GP to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for various information needs. Given the problem  , RQ1 asks whether genetic programming used by GenProg works well to benefit the generation of valid patches. Although promising results have been shown in their work  , the problem of whether the promising results are caused by genetic programming or just because the used mutation operations are very effective is still not be addressed. Genetic Programming GP 14 is a Machine Learning ML technique that helps finding good answers to a given problem where the search space is very large and when there is more than one objective to be accomplished. Also  , the work in 24  applies Genetic Programming to learn ranking functions that select the most appropriate ads. The experimental results show that the matching function outperforms the best method in 21 in finding relevant ads. We also compared our method with genetic programming based repair techniques. Genetic programming approaches support more complex repairs but rely on heuristics and hence lack these important properties. In Genetic Programming  , a large number of individuals  , called a population  , are maintained at each generation. Genetic Programming searches for the " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. Our first approach extends a state-of-the-art tag recommender based on Genetic Programming to include novelty and diversity metrics both as attributes and in the objective function 1. Genetic Programming searches for an " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. Koza applied GP Genetic Programming to automatic acquisition of subsum tion architecture to perform wall-following behavior  ?2. Given that genetic programming is non-deterministic  , all results presented below are the means of 5 runs. Each experiment was ran on a single thread of a server running JDK1.7 on Ubuntu 10.0.4 and was allocated maximally 2GB of RAM. We also employed GenProg to repair the bugs in Coreutils. Learning approaches based on genetic programming have been most frequently used to learn link specifications 5 ,15 ,17. In addition  , it usually requires a large training data set to detect accurate solutions. Another genetic programming-based approach to link discovery is implemented in the SILK framework 15. Genetic ProgrammingGP is the method of learning and inference using this tree-based representation". Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , overtraining is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. Finally  , we applied data mining DM techniques based on grammar-guided genetic programming GGGP to create reference models useful for defining population groups. The average time required by SEMFIX for each repair is less than 100 seconds. This confirms that if the repair expression does not exist in other places of the program  , genetic programming based approaches have rather low chance of synthesizing the repair. There has also been work on synthesizing programs that meet a given specification. These functions are discovered using genetic programming GP and a state-of-the-art classifier optimumpath forest OPF 3  , 4. We use genetic programming to evolve program variants until one is found that both retains required functionality and also avoids the defect in question. A framework for tackling this problem based on Genetic Programming has been proposed and tested. In this paper we presented EAGLE  , an active learning approach for genetic programming that can learn highly accurate link specifications. The following experiments were run by connecting FX- PAL'S genetic programming system to a modular robot simulator  , built by J. Kubica and S. Vassilvitskii. Active learning approaches based on genetic programming adopt a comitteebased setting to active learning. As the planning motion  , we give this system vertical movement and one step walk. Sims studied on co-evolution of motion controller and morphology of rirtual creatures 3. All the experiments were conducted on a Core 2 Quad 2.83GHz CPU  , 3GB memory computer with Ubuntu 10.04 OS. The classifier uses these similarity functions to decide whether or not citations belong to a same author. Subsequently  , we give some insight in active learning and then present the active learning model that underlies our work. GP is a machine learning technique inspired by biological evolution to find solutions optimized for certain problem characteristics. The main inconvenient of this approach is that it is not deterministic. Using an error situation obtained with the sampled parameters  , a fitness unction based on the allowed recovery criteria can be defined. We used strongly typed genetic programming The specific primitives added for each problem are discussed with setup of the the initial population  , results of crossover and mutation  , and subtrees created during mutation respectively . The three most common and most important methods are: Genetic programming applies a number of different possible conditions to the best solutions to create the next generation of solutions. The goal of grammarguided genetic programming is to solve the closure problem 7. External validity is concerned with generalization. Other approaches based on genetic programming e.g. Although they also used genetic programming  , their evaluation was limited to small programs such as bubble sorting and triangle classification  , while our evaluation includes real bugs in open source software. The 'Time' column reports the wall-clock average time required for a trial that produced a primary repair. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , over-training is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. With this system  , we simulate motion generation hierarchically for six legged locomotion robot using Genetic Programming. Here  , the mappings are discovered by using a genetic programming approach whose fitness function is set to a PFM. Supervised batch learning approaches for learning such classifiers must rely on large amounts of labeled data to achieve a high accuracy. This paper has reported our initial experiments aimed at investigating whether evolutionary programming  , and genetic programming in particular can evolve multiple robot controllers that utilise communication to improve their ability to collectively perform a task. Answer for RQ1: In our experiment  , for most programs 23/24  , random search used by RSRepair performs better in terms of requiring fewer patch trials to search a valid patch than genetic programming used by GenProg  , regardless of whether genetic programming really starts to work see Figure 1 or not. For the representation problem  , GenProg represents each candidate patch as the Abstract Syntax Tree AST of the patched program. They doubted that the promising results may not be brought by genetic programming used by GenProg  , because the patch search problem can be easy when random search would have likely yielded similar results. With the hypothesis that some missed important functionalities may occur in another position in the same program  , GenProg attempts to automatically repair defective program with genetic programming 38. Then  , in this subsection we plan to investigate to what extent genetic programming used by GenProg worsens the repair efficiency over random search used by RSRepair. " Genetic programming GP is a computational method inspired by biological evolution  , which discovers computer programs tailored to a particular task 19. Our classification approach combines a genetic programming GP framework  , which is used to define suitable reference similarity functions   , with the Optimum-Path Forest OPF classifier  , a graph-based approach that uses GP-based edge weights to assign input references to the correct authors. As we can see  , Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. To give proper answers for these questions  , we propose a new approach to content-targeted advertising based on Genetic Programming GP. We show how the discovery of link specifications can consequently be modeled as a genetic programming problem. sKDD transforms the original numerical temporal sequences into symbolic sequences  , defines a symbolic isokinetics distance SID that can be used to compare symbolic isokinetics sequences   , and provides a method  , SYRMO  , for creating symbolic isokinetics reference models using grammar-guided genetic programming. We developed a genetic programming approach to finding consensus structural motifs in a set of RNA sequences known to be functionally related. Both GenProg and Par use the same fault localization technique to locate faulty statements  , and genetic programming to guide the patch search  , but differ in the concrete mutation operations. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 18. Their approach relies on formal specifications  , which our approach does not require. Recent work has addressed this drawback by relying on active learning  , which was shown in 15 to reduce the amount of labeled data needed for learning link specifications. For example   , the approach presented in 5 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. In this paper we have introduced a new approach based on the combination of term weighting components  , extracted from well-known information retrieval ranking formulas  , using genetic programming. Genetic Programming has been widely used and approved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management. Genetic Programming shows its sharp edge in solving such kind of problems  , since its internal tree structure representation for " individuals " can be perfectly used for describing ranking functions. Section 2 of the paper gives an overview of the I4 Intelligent Interpretation of Isokinetics Information system  , of which this research is part. A follow-up work 13 proposes a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function. Guided by genetic programming  , GenProg has the ability to repair programs without any specification  , and GenProg is commonly considered to open a new research area of general automated program repair 26  , 20  , although there also exists earlier e.g. Construct validity threats concern the appropriateness of the evaluation measurement. GP makes it possible to solve complex problems for which conventional methods can not find an answer easily. In a follow-up work 7 the authors propose a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function.   , but none of these strategies reaches the level of applicability and the speed of execution of random testing. Our technique takes as input a program  , a set of successful positive testcases that encode required program behavior  , and a failing negative testcase that demonstrates a defect. In order to answer these questions  , we choose ARRANGER – a Genetic Programming-based discovery engine 910 to perform the ranking function tuning. Genetic Programming has been widely used and proved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management 119. As we have formalized link specifications as trees  , we can use Genetic Programming GP to solve the problem of finding the most appropriate complex link specification for a given pair of knowledge bases. This approach is yet a batch learning approach and it consequently suffers of drawbacks of all batch learning approaches as it requires a very large number of human annotations to learn link specifications of a quality comparable to that of EAGLE. The robot modules we consider are the TeleCube modules currently being developed at Xerox PARC 13 and shown in Figure 1 . For example  , the genetic programming approach used in 7 has been shown to achieve high accuracies when supplied with more than 1000 positive examples. Still  , none of the active learning approaches for LD presented in previous work made use of the similarity of unlabeled link candidates to improve the convergence of curious classifiers. For example  , the approach presented in 8 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. Several other strategies for input generation have been proposed symbolic execution combined with constraint solving 30  , 18  , direct setting of object fields 5  , genetic programming 29  , etc. 15 proposes an approach based on the Cauchy-Schwarz inequality that allows discarding a large number of superfluous comparisons. Particularly  , we investigate an inductive learning method – Genetic Programming GP – for the discovery of better fused similarity functions to be used in the classifiers  , and explore how this combination can be used to improve classification effectiveness . Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. Another approach to contextual advertising is to reduce it to the problem of sponsored search advertising by extracting phrases from the page and matching them with the bid phrase of the ads. In addition  , gradient primitives   , shown to be effective for communication in modular robots We also gave the genetic programming runs additional primitives for each problem. The best computer program that appeared in any generation  , the best-so-far solution  , is designated as the result of genetic programming Koza 19921. In addition  , similar to other search-based software engineering SBSE 15  , 14 approaches  , genetic programming often suffers from the computationally expensive cost caused by fitness evaluation  , a necessary activity used to distinguish between better and worse solutions. That is  , compared to random search  , genetic programming does not bring benefits in term of fewer NCP in this case to balance the cost caused by fitness evaluations. 26  introduced the idea of program repair using genetic programming  , where existing parts of code are used to patch faults in other parts of code and patching is restricted to those parts that are relevant to the fault. Out of the 90 buggy programs  , with a test suite size of 50 — SEMFIX repaired 48 buggy programs while genetic programming repaired only 16. This is the major motivation to choose GP for the ranking function discovery task. Based on the plaintext collection  , our ARRANGER engine  , a Genetic Programming GP based ranking function discovery system  , is used to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for the topic distillation task. The function is represented as a tree composed of arithmetic operators and the log function as internal nodes  , and different numerical features of the query and ad terms as leafs. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 8. With flexible GP operators and structural motif representations  , our new method is able to identify general RNA secondary motifs. We choose not to record the genetic programming operations performed to obtain the variant as an edit script because such operations often overlap and the resulting script is quite long. The isolation of the search strategies from the search space makes the solution compatible with that of Valduriez891 and thus applicable to more general database programming languages which can be deductive or object-oriented Lanzelotte901. Yet  , so far  , none of these approaches has made use of the correlation between the unlabeled data items while computing the set of most informative items. Furthermore  , affected by GenProg  , Par also uses genetic programming to guide the patch search in the way like GenProg. The fact that it has been successfully applied to similar problems  , has motivated us to use it as a basis for discovering good similarity functions for record replica identification. This approach captures the novelty and diversity of a list of recommended tags implicitly  , by introducing metrics that assess the semantic distance between different tags diversity and the inverse of the popularity of the tag in the application novelty. AutoFix-E 37 can repair programs but requires for the contracts in terms of pre-and post-conditions. Running test cases typically dominated GenProg's runtime " 22  , which is also suitable for RSRepair  , so we use the measurement of NTCE to compare the repair efficiency between GenProg and RSRepair  , which is also consistent with traditional test case prioritization techniques aiming at early finding software bugs with fewer NTCE. Short titles may mislead the results  , specially generic titles such as Genetic Programming  , then we add the publication venue title to this type of query. That is  , RSRepair immediately discards one candidate patch once the patched program fails to pass some test case. After that  , general automated program repair has gone from being entirely unheard of to having its own multi-paper sessions  , such as " Program Repair " session in ICSE 2013  , in many top tier conferences 20  , and many researchers justify the advantage of their techniques  , such as Par and SemFix  , via the comparison with GenProg. We conducted a set of experiments aiming to evaluate the proposed disambiguation system in comparison with stateof-the-art methods on two well-known datasets. To the best of our knowledge  , the problem of discovering accurate link specifications has only been addressed in very recent literature by a small number of approaches: The SILK framework 14  now implements a batch learning approach to discovery link specifications based on genetic programming which is similar to the approach presented in 6. Several approaches that combine genetic programming and active learning have been developed over the course of the last couple of years and shown to achieve high F-measures on the deduplication see e.g. The evaluation has shown that the numerical and symbolic reference models generated from isokinetics tests on top-competition sportsmen and women are  , in the expert's opinion  , similar. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. The general interest model captures the user's interests in terms of categories e.g. Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. The cosine similarity metric based on the vector space model has been widely used for comparing similarity between search query and document in the information retrieval literature Salton et al. Given that news is separated into eight topics  , 16 interest profiles exist in a single user model. General English words are likely to have similar distributions in both language models I and A. The performance of Human Interest Model and Soft Pattern Bigram Model for each entity type can be seen in Figure 2 . A large η tends to make the interest-related language model more discriminative because more general words are generated from the background model. However given the same set of web-based information  , the Human Interest Model consistently outperforms the soft-pattern model for all four entity types. We assume that words in C t are generated either from a model θU which represents users' collective topical interest or from a general background model θB. One reason for this result could be that our general prediction model does not depend upon " clientside " data  , such as activity on SERPs and content pages  , which was unavailable  , whereas the task-specific prediction models depend upon such data. Our interest is less in developing or arguing for any particular measures than in using them to explore hypotheses about model-based measures in general. The generated hypotheses are then passed to the verifier. The most common representation of feature models is through FODA-style feature diagrams 3  , 4  , 5 . The primary contribution of this work is increased understanding of effectiveness measures based on explicit user models. Figure 1' which are acquired through repeated exposures t o the particular sounds of interest. With this model  , we can reduce the effects of background words and learn a model which better captures words concentrating around users' collective interests. This means the personalized models do not have the opportunity to promote results of low general interest i.e. Typically  , not all features of feature model My are of interest for the composition with feature model Mx . In this way  , one could estimate a general user vocabulary model  , that describes the searcher's active and passive language use in more than just term frequencies. To do this  , we leveraged users' search trails for the two-month period from March to April 2009 inclusive referred to hereafter as   , and constructed historic interest models   , for all user-query pairs. The rationale underlying such a decomposition of the original action model into two probabilistic models  , the preference and the item action model  , is two folds. In particular  , a latent random variable x is associated with each word  , acts as a switch to determine whether the word is generated from the distribution of background model  , breaking news  , posts from social friends or user's intrinsic interest. For check-in behavior  , the time-ordered check-in history of an individual corresponds to her action sequence in our general model. No instance information is captured in a view diagram besides that in the form of assertions. Internally  , the framework builds up a microscopic representation of the system based on these observations as well as on a list of interactions of interest specified by the user. Though we use RBP and DCG as motivators  , our interest is not specifically in them but in model-based measures in general. This generalized vocabulary covers a common abstraction of the data models we consider to be of general interest for the QA community. In general  , OBIE systems use ontologies to model domain knowledge for a special area of interest. To make this causal claim we need to lay down a behavioral model of clicking that describes why the targeted group is more prone to click on an advertisement than the general population of users. Although a kinematic model gives a good description of the camera's movement for general applications  , it is useful to consider the unstabilized components in motion due to the change of operating conditions  , external disturbances  , etc. In that sense  , we have presented a new framework for integrating external predicates into Datalog. This crucial benefit of graphs recently led to an emerging interest in graph based data mining 7. This is sufficiently general to describe in rigorous terms the events of interest  , and can be used to describe in homogeneous terms much of the existing work on testing. In general  , the model allows the user to start with the entity types of interest  , describe each entity type with a nested list of attribute types and build any number of levels of association types. These categories conform to TREC's general division of question topics into 4 main entity types 13 . The next step in sophistication is to have a template that can model more general transformations than the simple template  , such as affine distortion. Since it is difficult  , in general  , to decide which junction belongs to the scene object of interest  , we matched all 21 features with the corresponding model ones. one of our long-term research goals to find a general model which transforms raw image data directly into " ac-tion values " . Therefore  , to estimate the novelty of the information provided by each trail source  , we first had to construct a model of each user's general interest in the query topic based on historic data. In this paper  , we presented an optimal control a p proach to generating paths for robots  , extended our contact model to apply generally rather than specifically  , and discussed the derivatives that the general contact model in conjunction with the optimal control a p proach require. The ongoing expansion in the availability of electronic news material provides immediate access to many diaeerent perspectives on the same news stories. In particular  , m represents the average number of times each user of the group viewed this page pair. Of particular interest are open questions related to the introduction of police-based data placement in an information integration system. This also reflects that apps tend to go through a series of revisions before being generally favorable; after which the subsequent versions show a decline in general interest  , and this suggests the peripheral nature of the subsequent revisions. Cases for which both models yield a rather poor account typically correspond to memes that are characterized by either a single burst of popularity or by sequences of such bursts usually due to rekindled interest after news reports in other media. At least as serious  , the single existing set of relevance judgements we know of is extremely limited; this means that evaluating music- IR systems according to the Cranfield model that is standard in the text-IR world…is impossible  , and no one has even proposed a realistic alternative to the Cranfield approach for music. In the conventional model these news packages have a number of common features: the contents are decided by the editor and the contributing writers  , the coverage of stories represents a national or sometimes regional perspective  , and the depth of coverage of an individual story is determined by the editors' judgment of the general readership's interest in it. We use the log-likelihood LL and the Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance KS-distance 8 to evaluate the goodness-of-fit of and . In general  , a better fit corresponds to a bigger LL and/or a smaller KS-distance. The criterion used to1 detect this phenomena comes from the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 13. A more difficult bias usually causes a greater proportion of features to fail KS. The tasks compared the result 'click' distributions where the length of the summary was manipulated. D is the maximum vertical deviation as computed by the KS test. In all cases  , the PL hypothesis provides a p-value much lower than 0.1 our choice of the significance level of the KS-test. The HEC utilizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test to determine the compactness of a data cluster 13  , and decide if a node should be divided mitosis to better model what might be two different clusters. Moreover  , two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test of the samples in the two groups indicates that the difference of the two groups is statistically significant . Their methods automatically estimate the scaling parameter s  , by selecting the fit that minimizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS D − statistic. To answer RQ1  , for each action ID we split the observed times in two context groups  , which correspond to different sets of previous user interactions  , and run the two-sample twosided Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 14 to determine whether the observed times were drawn from the same distribution. Tague and Nelson 16 validated whether the performance of their generated queries was similar to real queries across the points of the precision-recall graph using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS Test. It reaches a maximum MRR of 0.879 when trained with 6 data sources and then saturates  , retaining almost the same MRR for higher number of training data sources used. 3 These judgements were analysed with the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test KS test to determine whether two given samples follow the same distribution 15. Similar to the Mann-Whitney test  , it does not assume normal distributions of the population and works well on samples with unequal sizes. The KS test is slightly more powerful than the Mann-Whitney's U test in the sense that it cares only about the relative distribution of the data and the result does not change due to transformations applied to the data. While this difference is visually apparent  , we also ensure it is statistically significant using two methods: 1 the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test  , and 2 a permutation test  , to verify that the two samples are drawn from different probability distributions. We also considered the two-sample Kolmogorov -Smirnov KS Test 6  , a non-parametric test that tests if the two samples are drawn from the same distribution by comparing the cumulative distribution functions CDF of the two samples. The null hypothesis states that the observed times were drawn from the same distribution  , which means that there is no context bias effect. We have thus demonstrated how the Kolmogorov- Smirnov Test may be used in identifying the proportion of features which are significantly different within two data samples. Path finding and sub-paths in breadth-first search 3. Neither pattern is a true depth-first or breadthfirst search pattern. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. Here we use breadth-first search. 6  holds the objects during the breadth-first search. In practice  , forward selection procedures can be seen as a breadth-first search. In the mathematical literature  , breadth first search Is typically preferred. and search the other subranges breadth-first. for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. The greedy pattern represents the depth-first behavior  , and the breadth-like pattern aims to capture the breadth-first search behaviors.   , vn−1}  , where the indices are consistent with a breadth-first numbering produced by a breadth-first search starting at node v0 1 see Section 3.4.1 for a formal definition. The depth-first search instead of the breadth-first search is used because many previous studies strongly suggest that a depth-first search with appropriate pseudo-projection techniques often achieves a better performance than a breadth-first search when mining large databases. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. We first conduct a breadth-first or depth-first search on the graph. However  , best-first search also has some problems. We compute the discrete plan as a tree using the breadth first search. Tabels 1 and 2 show that the breadth first search is exhaustive it finds solutions with one step fewer re- grasps. This will not always be feasible in larger domains  , and intelligent search heuristics will be needed. This amounts to a breadth first search of the frequent itemsets on a lattice. CLOSET 11 and CLOSET+ 16 adopt a depth-first  , feature enumeration strategy. We restrict the training pages to the first k pages when traversing the website using breadth first search. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. This simple method worked out well in our experiments. ; the maximal number of states between the initial state and another state when traversing the TS in breadth-first search BFS height; the number of transitions starting from a state and ending in another state with a lower level when traversing the TS in breadth-first search Back lvl tr. The resulting path will have the minimum nilinher of turns i n it by definition of breadth-first search. During our previous experiments 13  , a bidirectional breadth first search proved to be the most efficient method in practice for finding all simple paths up to certain hop limit. The breadth-first search weighted by its distance from the reference keyframe is performed  , and the visited keyframes are registered in the temporary global coordinate system. The objects in UpdSeedD ,l are not directly density-reachable from each other. Johnson generalized it to other surface representations  , including NURBS  , by using a breadth-first search 9. Since coverage tends to increase with sequence length  , the DFS strategy likely finds a higher coverage sequence faster than the breadth-first search BFS. This is done by recursively firing co-author search tactics. Then  , we navigate in a breadth-first search manner through this classification. Two cases have to be distinguished. Starting from a random public user  , we iteratively built a mutual graph of users in a Breadth First Search BFS manner. b Matched loop segments will be included in LBA as breadth-first search will active the keyframes. Then we do breadth first search from the virtual node. The CWB searches for subject keywords through a breadth-first search of the tree structure. It downloads multiple pages typically 500 in parallel. This is done by querying DBpedia's SPARQL endpoint for concepts that have a relation with the given concept. Therefore Lye have the following result. We generate plans that minimize worst-case length by breadth-first AND/OR search Akella  11. Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. For each node visited do the following. We augmented this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method. For parts with different push functions  , a breadth-first search planner can be used to find a sensorless plan when one exists. In a breadth-first search approach the arrangement enumeration tree is explored in a top-bottom manner  , i.e. Each of the initial seed SteamIDs was pushed onto an Amazon Simple Queue Service SQS queue. Stopping criterion. We augment this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method to identify the expanded dataset. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. Moreover  , breadth first search will find a shortest path  , whereas depth first makes no guarantees about the length of the counter example it will find. In Section 3.6.1  , we show that breadthfirst search appears to be more efficient than depth-first search. If a crawl is started from a single seed  , then the order in which pages will be crawled tends to be similar to a breadth first search through the link graph 27 the crawl seldom follows pure breadth first order due to crawler requirements to obey politeness and robots restrictions . Although breadth-first search crawling seems to be a very natural crawling strategy  , not all of the crawlers we are familiar with employ it. The experiments reported used a breadth first search till maximum depth 3 using the words falling in the synsets category. We believe that crawling in breadthfirst search order provides the better tradeoff. ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig. When looking at search result behaviour more broadly we see that what browsing does occur occurs within the first page of results. If all words in a title or subtitle are search keywords  , too many subject keywords will be generated. We have introduced a set of effective pruning properties and a breadth-first search strategy  , StatApriori  , which implements them. In the first iteration  , only the reported invocations are considered  , starting with the most suspicious one working down to the least. These strategies typically optimize properties such as " deeper paths " in depth-first search  , " less-traveled paths " 35  , " number of new instructions covered " in breadth-first search  , or " paths specified by the programmer " 39. The differences between all strategies breadth-first  , random search  , and Pex's default search strategy were negligible. This Figure 4: Use of case inheritance search travels upwards in the hierarchy  , i.e. DFS may take very long to execute if it does not traverse the search space in the right direction. This list is used by the predictor to perform a breadth first search of the possible concepts representing the input text. We perform the pose graph optimization first  , to make all poses metric consistent. It is in fact a similar hybrid reasoning engine which is a combination of forward reasoning breadth-first and backward reasoning depth-first search. During prediction  , we explore multiple paths  , depending on the prediction of the MetaLabeler  , using either depth-first or breadth-first search. A second dimension entails elaborating on line 3. Surprisingly  , they did not find any significant variation in the way users examine search results on large and small displays. Because the expansion is breadth first  , the optimal trajectory will he the first one encountered that meets the desired uncertainty. Since large main memory size is available in Gigabytes  , current MFI mining uses depth first search to improve performance to find long patterns. Although breadth-first search does not differentiate Web pages of different quality or different topics  , some researchers argued that breadth-first search also could be used to build domain-specific collections as long as only pages at most a fixed number of links away from the starting URLs or starting domains are collected e.g. This method assumes that pages near the starting URLs have a high chance of being relevant. In practice  , it is closer to a depth-first search with some backtracking than to a breadth-first search. They conducted two experiments to determine whether users engaged in a more exhaustive " breadth-first " search meaning that users will look over a number of the results before clicking any  , or a " depth-first " search. For instance  , SAGE 28  uses a generational-search strategy in combination with simple heuristics  , such as flip count limits and constraint subsumption. Sine~ each node consists of only 24 bytes and the top-down search is closer to a depth-first search than a breadth-first search  , the amount of space required by the hierarchy n·odes is not excessive. Which branching points are flipped next depends on the chosen search strategy  , such as depth-first search DFS or breadth-first search BFS. Its default download strategy is to perform a breadth-first search of the web  , with the following three modifications: 1. That is  , starting from the root pages of the selected sites we followed links in a breadth-first search  , up to 3 ,000 pages per site. After both connections are made  , we find a path in the roadmap between the two connection points using breadth-first search. In this case  , only one DFA in conjunction with a standard breadth first search is used to grow a single frontier of entities. We will denote this approximate Katz measure as aKatz throughout the rest of the paper. Any objects that are reached during the traversal are considered live and added to the tempLive set. To propagate the constraints on join variable bindings Property 2  , we walk over this tree from root to the leaves and backwards in breadth-first-search manner. This module contains multiple threads that work in parallel to download Web documents in a breadth-first search order. We observed that the similarity scores for the neighbours often is either very close to one  , or slightly above zero. The corresponding histogram is shown in Fig. By following the path with the minimum cost  , the robot is guided to the nearest accessible unknown region. See Figure 11for an example plan. Since the MFI cardinality is not too large MafiaPP has almost the time as Mafia for high supports. When determining the cases allowed for a given frame  , a breadth-first search of the case frame hierarchy collects the relevant cases. The backward search can be illustrated in Figure 4by traversing the graphs in reverse in a breadth-first manner. This " 3 ,000 page window " was decided for practical reasons. The crawl was breadth-first and stopped after one million html pages had been fetched. The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. Our solution combines a data structure based on a partial lattice  , and memoization of intermediate solutions. The number of traversals is bounded by the total number of elements in the model and view at hand. We used JPF's breadth-first search strategy  , as done for all systematic techniques in 28. Recall that we must regenerate the paths between adjacent roadmap nodes since they are not stored with the roadmap. This task is efficiently performed by an optimized implementation of the Breadth-first search BFS strategy through MapReduce 3. At running time we use the index to retrieve the paths whose sink node matches a keyword. An estimate of L was formed by averaging the paths in breadth first search trees over approximately 60 ,000 root nodes. This allowed us to perform bidirectional breadth first search to answer the connectivity question. Even this crawl was very time consuming  , especially when the crawler came across highly linked pages with thousands of in-and out-links e.g. Link types extracted include straight HREF constructs  , area and image maps  , and Javascript constants. Each term is mapped to a synset in WordNet and a breadth-first search along WordNet relations identifies related synsets. Sensorless plans  , which must bring all possible initial orientations to the same goal orientation  , are generated using breadth-first search in the space of representative actions. We determine these paths by breadth-first search throughG. Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. RBFS using h 0 = 0 behaves similarly to the breadth-first search. Then  , starting from this seed set  , we use the following five strategies to select five different account sets with the same selection size of k from the dataset 5 : random search RAND  , breath-first search BFS  , depthfirst search DFS  , random combination of breadth-first and depth-first search RBDFS 6   , and CIA. The existing thread has the additional topic node 413 which is about compression of inverted index for fast information retrieval. Each operation produces a temporary result which must be materialized and consumed by the next operation. bring the two parts to distinguishable states. The crawl started from the Open Directory's 10 homepage and proceeded in a breadth-first manner. Each of these subsets is identified using a breadth first search technique. We choose the appropriate face vector field and cell vector field for the two cases as described in Section IV. The trajectory design problem is solved by performing a pyramid  , breadth-first search. The search then proceeds in a breadth-first fashion with a crawling that is not limited to URL domain or file size. An efficient implementation can use a data structure like the tree shown in Figure 1to store the counters  Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . JPF is built around first  , breadth-first as well as heuristic search strategies to guide the model checker's search in cases where the stateexplosion problem is too severe 18. Therefore  , to perform concolic testing we need to bound the number of iterations of testme if we perform depth-first search of the execution paths  , or we need to perform breadth-first search. This simple but extremely flexible prioritization scheme includes as a special case the simpler strategies of breadth-first search i.e. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? In both studies  , users were significantly more likely to engage in the depthfirst strategy  , clicking on a promising link before continuing to view other abstracts within the results set. Thus pipelined and setoriented strategies have similar complexity on a DBGraph. On the other hand  , the depth-first search methods e.g. The search is guaranteed to halt since there are a finite number of equivalence classes and our search does not consider sequences with cycles. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l The main difference is that the candidates for further expansion are managed in a queue instead of a stack. We have chosen to search the LUB-tree hierarchy in a breadth-first manner  , as opposed to a depth-first search as in Quinlan 24 . Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. The number of possible choices of values of c and s that concolic testing would consider in each iteration is 17. Abstractly we view a program as a guarded-transition systems and analyze transition sequences. If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. Let's consider how the FI-combine see Figure 2 routine works  , where the frequency of an extension is tested. For each top ranked search result  , they performed a limited breadth first search and found that searching to a distance of 4 resulted in the best performance. For example  , the mean number of nodes accessed in the top-down search of the complete link hierarchy for the INSPEC collection is 873 requiring only 20 ,952 bytes of core. As indicated above  , there are basically two ways in which the search tree can be traversed We can use either a breadth first search and explicit subset tests Apriori or a depth first search and intersections of transaction lists Eclat. The MSN Search crawler discovers new pages using a roughly breadth-first exploration policy  , and uses various importance estimates to schedule recrawling of already-discovered pages. Therefore   , pages crawled using such a policy may not follow a uniform random distribution; the MSN Search crawler is biased towards well-connected  , important  , and " high-quality " pages. The second tool  , Meta Spider  , has similar functionalities as the CI Spider  , but instead of performing breadth-first search on a particular website  , connects to different search engines on the Internet and integrates the results. We make use of relations such as synonym  , hypernym  , hyponym  , holonym and meronym and restrict the search depth to a maximum of two relations. Our results explain their finding by showing that relevant documents are found within a distance of 5 or are as likely to be found as non-relevant documents. In this graph  , subsequent actions are connected  , and TransferReceive / TransferSend actions are additionally connected to each other's subsequent actions. Through several recent independent evaluations 17  , 6  , it is now well accepted that a prefix tree-based data set representation typically outperforms both the horizontal and the vertical data set representations for support counting. The existing methods essentially differ in the data structures used to " index " the database to facilitate fast enumeration. During this search  , we check that the newly introduced transfer does not induce a cycle of robots waiting for each other by performing breadth first search on the graph formed by the robot's plans. A node in the tree contains the set of orientations consistent with the push-align operations along the path to the node. The documents retrieved by the web browsers of focused crawlers are validated before they are stored in a repository or database. The experiments described in this paper demonstrate that a crawler that downloads pages in breadth-first search order discovers the highest quality pages during the early stages of the crawl. For example  , the Internet Archive crawler described in 3  does not perform a breadthfirst search of the entire web; instead  , it picks 64 hosts at a time and crawls these hosts in parallel. If a winning path exists  , then the path represents the search schedule for the two pursuers. To guide the search  , we work backward from a unique final orientation toward a range of orientations of size 27r  , which corresponds to the full range of uncertainty in initial part orientation. Links are explored from the starting page in breadth-first search using order of discovery for links at the same depth. The breadth-first search implies that density-connections with the minimum number of objects requiring the minimum number of region queries are detected first. The preponderance of diagonal path lines is due to the search being 8-connected  , and being breadth-first. The search can be performed in a breadth-first or depth-first manner  , starting with more general shorter sequences and extending them towards more specific longer ones. All experiments in this section use the breadth-first search strategy. Text is provided for convenience. We note that for every fixed query a node assignment requiring no calls to updateP ath always exists: simply label the nodes in order discovered by running breadth-first search from s. However  , there is no universally optimal assignment — different queries yield different optimum assignments. Focused crawling  , on the other hand  , attempts to order the URLs that have been discovered to do a " best first " crawl  , rather than the search engine's " breadth-first " crawl. " Generalised search engines that seek to cover as much proportion of the web as possible usually implement a breadth-first BRFS or depth-first A. Rauber et al. MaxMiner also first uses dynamic reordering which reorder the tail items in the increasing order of their supports. The itemset search space traversal strategy that is used is depth-first 18  , breadth-first 2  , or based on the pattern-growth methodology 22. After the push function is used to partition the space of push directions into equivalence classes  , we perform a breadth-first search of push combinations to find a fence design. l A split situation is in general the more expensive case because theparts of the cluster to be split actually have to be discovered. For each public user  , we first counted the number of protected mutual neighbours as well as the ratio of protected to all mutual neighbours. The arrangement enumeration tree is created as described above  , using the set of operands defined in Section 2 and it is traversed using either breadth-first or depth-first search. The effect of search pruning at all Rtree levels is that  , starting from the top level  , the two nodes  , one from each R-tree  , are only traversed for join computation if the MBRs of their parent nodes overlap . However  , if all violations go through a small set of nodes that are not encountered on the early selected paths or these nodes get stuck on the bottom of the worklist  , then it may be worse than breadth first search. Instead  , we can set parameters which we term the window's breadth and depth  , named analogously to breadth-first and depth-first search  , which control the number of toponyms in the window and the number of interpretations examined for each toponym in the window  , respectively. Otherwise  , the planner identifies the set of " boundary conditions " for the search  , namely:  The search for a sequence of regrasp operations proceeds by forward chaining from the set of initial gpg triples performing an evaluated breadth-first search in the space of compatible gpg triples. Beam-search is a form of breadth-first search  , bounded both in width W and depth D. We use parameters D = 4 to find descriptions involving at most 4 conjunctions  , and W = 10 to use only the best 10 hypotheses for refinement in the next level. The crawling was executed via a distributed breadth first search. In this graph  , vetexes and edges represent nodes and links respectively. A recent study of Twitter as a whole  , gathered by breadth-first search  , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 13. In this implementation the transitive closure of the digraph G T is based on a breadth first search through G T . The sequence of retrieved documents displayed to the user is ordered by the number of edges from the entry point document. However  , after a large number of Web pages are fetched  , breadth-first search starts to lose its focus and introduces a lot of noise into the final collection. Instead of traversing the BVTT as a strictly depthfirst or breadth-first search JC98  , we use a priority queue to schedule which of the pending tests to perform next. Since the planner performs breadth-first search in the space of representative actions  , the planner is complete if the computed action ranges are accurate. The initial collection was created for day 1 using a Breadth-First crawl that retrieved MAX IN INDEX = 100  , 000 pages from the Web starting from the bookmark URLs. Using a 4000-node subgraph summarized in Table 3  , we generated 1633185 candidate edges. In order to sample the distribution of distances between nodes  , breadth first search trees were formed from a fraction of the nodes. When the FM is traversed using the breadth-first search BFS  , the edges in the FPN are generated according to relations between features in the FM and the weights on edges are computed  Lines 4∼5. After the completion of breadth first search  , there are no unknown nodes and each node has a location area. In many cases  , simple crawlers follow a breadth-first search strategy  , starting from the root of a website homepage and traversing all URLs in the order in which they were found. shows the result of the experiment after the second step of the breadth-first search. The CWB computes the similarity-degrees of the title and/or subtitles through a breadth-first search because the title and subtitles are within a nested structure. As the crawl progresses  , the quality of the downloaded pages deteriorates. So  , instead of trying to find the optimal allocation we do the allocation by using the heuristic of traversing the tree in a breadth first-BF search order: l We have shown that finding an overall optimal allocation scheme for our cuboid tree is NP-hard DANR96 . Once it has been established that a high level path exists  , the lower level trajectory planning problem for each equivalence region node is to determine the trajectory which the cone must follow to reorient the part. Path planning for individual modules uses a breadth-first search starting at the end of the tail. A candidate path is located when an entity from the forward frontier matches an entity from the reverse frontier. This enables to compute the representation of all concepts such that any pair of concepts sharing a common ancestor in the concept hierarchy will share a common prefix in their representation corresponding to this common ancestor. Once a goal state is reached we have a sequence of desired relative push angles which we know will uniquely reorient a part regardless of its initial orientation because that initial orientation must be in the range of The goal of the breadth first search then is to arrive at a current state p   , such that lpgl = 27r. We use the push function to find equivalence classes of actions-action ranges with the same effect. Our approtach to solve the regrasp problem is as follows: We generate and evaluate possible grasp classes of an object and its stable placements on a table; the regrasping problem is then solved by an evaluated breadth-first search in a space where we represent all compatible sequences of regrasp operations. This procedure is then applied to all URLs extracted from newly downloaded pages. We assume that a breadth-first search is performed over these top ranked invocations. In order to follow the edges in one direction in time  , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. Our initial examination revealed that the allocated users IDs are very evenly distributed across the ID space. Recently  , Microsoft Academic Search released their paper URLs and by crawling the first 7.58 million  , we have collected 2.2 million documents 4 . A lattice is defined over generated word sets for formulae  , and a breadth-first search starting from the query formula set is used to find similar formulae. That is  , for each node a set of SPARQL query patterns is generated following the rules depicted in Table 3w.r.t. The next step is to choose a set of cuboids that can be computed concurrently within the memory constraints . Compute D and perform a breadth-first search of D as indicated above starting with To as the set of visited vertices and ending when some vertex in the goal set 7~ ha5 been reached. We assign priority to the pending BVTT visits according to the distance: the closest pending BV pair is given a higher priority and visited next. The search is breadth-first and proceeds by popping a node from the head of OPEN list and generating the set of child nodes for the constituent states steps 1-4. Search engines conduct breadth first scans of the site  , generating many requests in short duration. An estimate of the total number of edges by the present authors suggests there are around 7 billion edges in the present social graph. For each instance of the iterator created for a path pattern  , two DFAs are constructed. These pages contain 17 ,672 ,011 ,890 hyperlinks after eliminating duplicate hyperlinks embedded in the same web page  , which refer to a total of 2 ,897 ,671 ,002 URLs. PD-Live does a breadth-first search from the document a user is currently looking at to select a candidate set of documents. A combination of these operators induces a breadth-first search traversal of the DBGraph. Specifically   , we collected the previous Amazon reviews of each reviewer in the root dataset and the Amazon product pages those reviews were associated with. To optimize the poses and landmarks  , we create a metric environment map by embedding metric information to nodes by breadth-first search over graph. The sensor-based planner performs breadth-first AND/OR search to generate sensor-based orienting plans for parts with shape uncertainty. The sensorless planner uses breadth-first search to find sensorless orienting plans. MaxMiner 3 uses a breadth-first search and performs look-ahead pruning which prunes a whole tree if the head and tail together is frequent. A simple breadth-first search is quite effective in discovering the topic evolution graphs for a seed topic Figure 4and Figure 5a. To discover a topic evolution graph from a seed topic  , we apply a breadth-first search starting from the seed node but only following the edges that lead to topic nodes earlier in time. We construct a work list starting at persist.root so we can perform a breadth-first search of the object graph. At every jvar-node  , we take intersection of bindings generated by its adjacent tp-nodes and after the intersection  , drop the triples from tp-node Bit- Mats as a result of the dropped bindings. They found that crawling in a breadth-first search order tends to discover high-quality pages early on in the crawl  , which was applied when the authors downloaded the experimental data set. OVERLAP does the allocation using a heuristic of traversing the search tree in a breadth-first order  , giving priority to cuboids with smaller partition sizes  , and cuboids with longer attribute lists. Additional documents are then retrieved by following the edges from the starting point in the order of a breadth first search. If the action ranges are overly conservative  , the planner may not find a solution even when one exists. Our web graph is based on a web crawl that was conducted in a breadth-first-search fashion  , and successfully retrieved 463 ,685 ,607 HTML pages. To detect deadlocks or paths to be folded we scan graph C with the BFS Breadth-First-Search algo­ rithm. Unlike the simple crawlers behind most general search engines which collect any reachable Web pages in breadth-first order  , focused crawlers try to " predict " whether or not a target URL is pointing to a relevant and high-quality Web page before actually fetching the page. In addition  , focused crawlers visit URLs in an optimal order such that URLs pointing to relevant and high-quality Web pages are visited first  , and URLs that point to low-quality or irrelevant pages are never visited. Since the position bias can be easily incorporated into click models with the depth-first assumption  , most existing click models 4  , 11  , 13 follow this assumption and assume that the user examines search results in a top-to-bottom fashion. The subgraph returned by BFS usually contains less vertices in the target community than the subgraph of the same size obtained by random walk technique. If the similarity-degree of a title and/or subtitles is higher than the threshold ­  , the title and/or subtitles are regarded a similar title and/or similar subtitles  , and the contents of the title and subtitles are considered similar contents. The use of the succ-tup and succ-val* primitives defines a traversal of the DBGraph following a breadth-first search EFS strategy Sedg84  , as follows : The transitive closure operation is performed by simply traversing links  , Furthermore testing the termination condition is greatly simplified by marking. One possible source of this difference is that the crawling policies that gave rise to each data set were very different; the DS2 crawl considered page quality as an important factor in which pages to select; the DS1 crawl was a simpler breadth-first-search crawl with politeness. It is worthwhile noting that other expansion methods such as breadth-first-search BFS would entirely ignore the bottleneck defining the community and rapidly mix with the entire graph before a significant fraction of vertices in the community have been reached. Before searching for a regrasp sequence  , the regrasp planner checks if the pick-and-place operation can be achieved within a single grasp. The division of the planning into ofRine and online computation with as much a priori knowledge as possible used for the offline computation turns out to be an efficient and powerful concept  , operating online in connection with the evaluated breadth-first search in the space of compatible regrasp operations. The unions D:=DuAD and AD':=AD'usucc~val*v'  , R.1 can be efficiently implemented by a concatenation since marking the tuples avoid duplicate generation. This breadth-first search visits each node and generates several possible triple patterns based on the number of annotations and the POS-tag itself. Starting from this seed set  , we performed a breadth-first crawl traversing friendship links aiming to discover the largest connected component of the social graph. This figure suggests that breadth-first search crawling is fairly immune to the type of self-endorsement described above: although the size of the graph induced by the full crawl is about 60% larger than the graph induced by the 28 day crawl  , the longer crawl replaced only about 25% of the " hot " pages discovered during the first 28 days  , irrespective of the size of the " hot " set. the node that has the shortest average path to all the other nodes in Λ pred and to perform a breadth-first-search from this node in G pred subgraph of G containing only the nodes in Λ pred and their interconnects to create a tree of information spread and to use the leaves of that tree as the newly activated nodes. Some connectivity-based metrics  , such as Kleinberg's al- gorithm 8  , consider only remote links  , that is  , links between pages on different hosts. In addition to the standard language features of Java  , JPF uses a special class Verify that allows users to annotate their programs so as to 1 express non-deterministic choice with methods Verify.randomn and Verify.randomBool  , 2 truncate the search of the state-space with method Verify.ignoreIfcondition when the condition becomes true  , and 3 indicate the start and end of a block of code that the model checker should treat as one atomic statement and not interleave its execution with any other threads with methods Verify.beginAtomic and Verify.endAtomic. Our experiments revealed that the influentials identified using this method have poor performance which led us to identify the next method of prediction. If the edges of a lockdown graph are weighted by the number of images constituting the part of the segment between the two lockdown points or more appropriately  , the sub-nodes on which the two lockdown points lie  , choosing the smallest-sized cycle basis will reduce computational cost in computing HHT to a small extent. ranging from the macroscopic level -paper foLding or gift wrapping -to the microscopic level -protein folding. The folding problems  , especially protein folding  , have a few notable differences from usual PRM applications. Many problems related to the folding and unfolding of polyhedral objects have recently attracted the attention of the computational geometry community 25. Also  , folding can be simulated by calculating the parabolic motion of each joint. Each self-folding sheet was baked in an oven. In order to accomplish all four  , we needed a new self-folding method based on activation from a localized and independent stimulus. For example  , for the paper folding problems  , one is interested in a path which makes a minimal number of folds  , and for the protein folding we are interested in low energy paths. In the Smartpainter project the painting motion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion in 2D and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions follow this folding of surfaces 3  , 91. In case of the paper material the folding edge flips back to its initial position. We posit a modification scenario in which a developer is asked to modify the folding behaviour to automatically expand every nested level of folding when a user clicks on the fold marker. In computational biology  , one of the most impor­ tant outstanding problems is protein folding  , i.e. Thc formation order of secondary structures is related to a undamt:ntal question in protein folding: do secondary struc­ tures always form before the tertiary structure  , or is tertiary structure formed in a one-stage transition ? Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. I Some statistics regarding the roadmaps constructed for the paper folding problems are shown in Table 1. I. Node generation. Our previous work on creating self-folding devices controlling its actuators with an internal control system is described in 3. Since the design and folding steps are automated  , these steps were finished in less than 7 minutes Tab. This paper builds on prior work in self-folding  , computational origami and modular robots. First  , as our problems are not posed in an environment containing external obstacles  , the only collision constraint we impose is that our configurations be self-collision free  , and  , for the protein folding problem  , our preference for low energy con­ formations leads to an additional constraint on the feasible conformations. This paper presents a novel technique for self-folding that utilizes shape memory polymers  , resistive circuits  , and structural design features to achieve these requirements and create two­ dimensional composites capable of self-folding into three­ dimensional devices. The first step for the developer is to identify a few elements that could be related to the implementation of the folding feature. From these examples  , and considering the range of struc­ tures we are interested in creating  , we identify four principle requirements for a viable self-folding method: I sequential folding  , II angle-controlled folds  , III slot-and-tab assem­ bly  , and IV mountain-valley folding. Each self-folding hinge must be approximately 10 mm long or folding will not occur  , limiting the total minimum size of the mechanism. The painting mot ,ion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions following this folding of surfaces 2  , 81. we conclude that folding the facets panel is neither necessarily beneficial nor detrimental. The most time consuming step of the experimental design and fabrication of self-folding structures was the physical construction of the self-folding sheets. We introduced a design pipeline which automatically generates folding information  , then compiles this information into fabrication files. Some statistics regarding the road maps con­ structed for the protein folding problems are shown in Ta­ hIe 2. Folding: Classes of data are folded in the case of symbolic testing. All shapes folded themselves in under 7 minutes. In this paper we have demonstrated a novel technique for self-folding using shape-memory polymers and resistive heating that is capable of several fabrication features: sequen­ tial folding  , angle-controlled folds  , slot-and-tab assembly  , and mountain-valley folding. However   , this strategy is only applicable when 3D models of the objects are available and the curvature of the objects is relatively small. In formal program verification one usually avoids explicitly constructing representations of program states. 11shows the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained in the inverse problem. We used an inchworm robot to validate these techniques  , which transformed itself from a two-dimensional composite to a three-dimensional function­ ing device via the application of current  , a manual rotation  , and the addition of a battery and servo. In this section  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding. A self-folding sheet is defined as a crease pattern composed of cuts and folding edges hinges as shown in Fig 3. A shape memory polymer SMP actuator is located along each folding edge of the sheet  , and its fold angle is encoded by the geometry of the rigid material located at the edge. In techniques based on program texts  , or information derived from program texts such aa flowgraphs  , the degree of folding will generally be determined by the class of model. In order to extract the motions required for performing dynamic folding of the cloth  , we first analyze the dynamic folding performed by a human subject. Some common or often proposed initial transformations are: lookalike transformations  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , case folding  , word stemming  , stop words list  , feature selection 3. For instance  , many techniques model control flow and omit data  , thus folding together program states which differ only in variable values. The velocity sensor is composed of two separate components: a sensing layer containing the loop of copper in which voltage is induced and a support layer that wraps around the sensing layer after folding to restrict the sensor's movement to one degree of freedom. The results for the protein folding examples are also very interesting. In folding simulations  , similar structures between proteins could be indicative of a common folding pathway. 8there is a distinguishable difference between nominal and tip folding in the final phase of insertion d3 < d < d4. In order to demonstrate self-folding  , a design was chosen that incorporates the four requirements listed above: the inchworm robot shown in Fig. We case-fold in our experiments. If there are still mul­ tiple connected components in the roadmap after this stage other techniques will be applied to try to connect different connected components see 2 for details. Other ongoing research aimed at applying PCRs to ligand-protein binding and protein folding is reported in BSAOO  , SAOU. There are s ti ll many interesting problems involving folding of tree­ like linkages. The final 3D configuration is achieved by folding the right hand side shown in Fig. To demonstrate these techniques  , we describe the development of the inchworm robot shown in Fig. Discussed in our 2005 spam track report 2 and CRM114's notes 4   , it would be far better if the learning machine itself either made these transformations automatically or used all the features. 3 Information hiding/unhiding by folding tree branches. We are planning to study a game-like interface for structurization. In order to achieve local and sequential folding  , we required a way to activate the PSPS with a local stimulus. the white LED used in the lamp were manually soldered to the composite prior to folding. 12  , the dynamic folding is shown as a continuous sequence of pictures taken at intervals of 57 ms. V. EXPERIMENT In Fig. University faculty lists form the seeds for such a crawl. Lemma 2 shows this crease pattern is correct. Videos of our autonomous folding runs are available at the URL provided in the introduction. In this paper  , we explored and analyzed an end-to-end approach to making self-folding sheets activated by uniformheat . Collingbourne et al. Applications include the folding of robot arms in space when some of the actuators fail. Our approach is based on the successful probabilistic roadmap PRM motion planning method 17. In this paper  , we focus on validating our folding pathways by comparing the order in which the secondary strueturcs form in our paths with results for some small proleins lhat have been deler­ mined by pulse labeling and native state out-exchange ex­ periments 22. For the protein folding pathways found by our PRM frame­ work to be useful  , we must find some way to validate them with known results. For example  , 8 shows that cvery polyhedron can be 'wrapped' by folding a strip of paper around it  , which ad­ dresses a question arising in three-dimensional origami  , e.g. While most of the folding simulations to date have been relatively small  , focusing on runs of short  , engineered proteins  , large-scale simulations such as Folding@Home 13 have come online and are expected to generate a tremendous amount of data. In our experiments  , we used folding-in with 20 EM iterations to map a document in test data to its corresponding topic vector . Case-folding overcomes differences between terms by representing all terms uniformly in a single case. Folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not analyzed in this paper. Also  , the elastic foot has folding sections in front and back relative to the leg. With a simple and fast heuristic we determine the language of the document: we assume the document to be in the language in which it contains the most stopwords. For token normalization  , stateof-the-art Information Retrieval techniques such as case folding and word segmentation can be applied 18. While an ideal cut would result in the same roughness on both sides  , occurrences of bunching  , folding  , tearing  , and debris generation can result in complementary edges with very different cut qualities. Thus there could be an improvement not only in the dynamics of the structure  , but in the construction by utilizing these composite materials. During foot removal  , the folding portions of the foot snap back into position shortly after leaving the water. The self-folding devices in this paper were all fabricated using methods consistent with those published in Felton et al. As can be seen  , in both cases the problems were solved rather quickly with relatively small roadmaps. Snapshots of the folding paths found are shown in Fig­ ures 1 and 3 for the box and the periscope  , respectively. In the future  , we expect to further study more efficient motions of the fingers  , possibly in parallel  , to fold knots. In future cost reductions could be a motivation t o build robots with fewer actuators than joints and replacing actuators with holding brakes. The former plays a part in folding the fingers and the latter plays a part in stretching the fingers. Indri uses a document-distributed retrieval model when operating on a cluster. Protein Folding. The two objects in the tank are a triangular prism  , made by folding aluminum sheets  , and an aluminum cylinder with thick walls. For the ellipse feet  , the front to back orientation provided far greater lift than the side to side orientation  , shown in Fig. A set of weighted features constitutes a high-dimensional vector  , with one dimension per unique feature in all documents taken together. Mean values and first and third quartiles are given in Figure 4for both ambiguous and non ambiguous topics. Also investigations will be made in making the gluing and folding steps easier as the structures are made smaller. The operation of a packaging machine can be divided into three independent sub tasks: folding  , ing  , and sealing. To answer our research question " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " Maxmin on the other hand discards this original ranking and aims for maximal visual diversity of the representatives. We omit queries issued by clicking on the next link and use only first page requests 10 . Gaming interfaces already worked well in different areas  , such as OCR error correction and protein folding 30. The remaining pd-graphs are obtained by subsequent folding of paths GSe5G5  , G53e4e3G2  , G4ezGz53  , and GlelG4253. By replacing T containing crease information cut or hinge to T containing desired angle information  , Alg. Berry and Fierro 2 therefore proposed a technique of 'folding-in' by slightly warping the space around the new data  , which can be done relatively efficiently. The problem of capturing functional landscapes over complex spaces is one of general interest. Mean  , first and third quartile performance is given in Figure 6   , while Table 1 presents the performance averaged over all topics. A variety of transformations may be employed  , including function folding and unfolding  , data type refinement  , and optimizing transformations. We are currently working on folding in our classifier module into a web-scale crawler. The shaded areas indicate the keyphrases that would be extracted using the default settings of each model. A fourth layer is used to locally activate the contractile component  , enabling sequential and simultaneous folding. We used joule heating from resistive circuit traces because as wide as possible to reduce resistance  , preventing unintended heating. In this section  , we explain a cloth deformation model that takes advantage of high-speed motion. In this simulation  , folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not considered. As a consequence  , dynamic folding cannot be realized. There is also a great potential for motion planning in drug-design  , where it is used to study the folding of complex protein molecules  , see Song and Amato 141. e.g. The types of actuator design of self-folding sheets are determined by a selected actuator design function in Sec. The present paper extends this concept  , provides new results for ligand-protein binding  , and explores the application of PCRs to protein folding. This creates a small upward spike in force with a very short duration. Phrases in bold are those that Kea extracted that are equivalent to author keyphrases after case-folding and stemming. Their tablet readers do not demonstrate similar behaviors  , as they are not available in the interface 18 . The Lemur utility BuildBasicIndex was used to construct Lemur index files  , which we then converted to document vectors in BBR's format. In this experiment  , the robot motion obtained by the simulation is implemented. We therefore utilized a manually folded 24-winding copper-based origami coil with the same folding geometry pattern as Fig. We now describe results on paper folding and protein fold­ ing problems obtained using our PRM-based approach. In attitude control loops of spacecrafts with CMGs  , the Jacobian maps gimbal rates to components of torque 1. For example  , the image in Figure 1b of a three-page fold-out exhibits distortion from both folding and binder curl. As to tokenization  , we removed HTMLtags   , punctuation marks  , applied case-folding  , and mapped marked characters into the unmarked tokens. This set allows to move from one situation to another by folding or unfolding the parts of tlle semantic graph. In the parabolic motion calculation  , the velocity of each joint at the moment that the robot stops is considered as the initial condition. A perfect success rate of 100% was achieved on the 50 end-to-end trials of previously untested towels. We combined MPF and a heat-sensitive shrinking film to self-fold structures by applying global heat. For these applications  , different criteria are used to judge the validity of nodes and edges. All three of these tasks differ from RMS operations  , in that they only provide a single view of the workspace. It appears that the facets were heavily used during searching in both versions of the search interface. In the base experimental data set described above  , no attribute values were missing. The projection facility is implemented like code folding in modern development environments  , in which bodies of methods or comments can be folded and unfolded on request. Folding-in refers to the problem of computing representations of documents that were not contained in the original training collection . Inverse kinematics can be also linked to other areas  , for example spacecraft control with control moment gyros CMG  , animation   , protein folding. The problem of folding and unfolding is an interesting research topic and has been studied in several application do­ mains. Neverthcless  , we show that these additional factors can be dealt with in a reasonable fashion within the PRM framework. So far our examples have demonstrated the folding capability of CSN. This similarity may include the primary sequence over 20 basic amino acids  , or the local folding patterns in the secondary sequence alphabet of size three: α-helix  , β-sheet  , or loop  , or a combination of the two. The abduction angle characterizes the angle of the finger in the palm's plane  , whereas the flexion angle corresponds to the folding of the finger in the plane perpendicular to the palm. The protein folding problem has a complication in that the way in which the protein folds depends on factors other than the purely geometrical con­ straints which govern the polygonal problems. Fold " flattens " tables by converting one row into multiple rows  , folding a set of columns together into one column and replicating the rest. One of these is the ability to narrow or broaden focus  , which readers of magazines accomplish by folding or reorienting the paper. In this work  , the attachment of fine muscles such as ligament  , interosseus  , lumbricalis  , and so on is not considered since it is very difficult to make it artificially. In addition  , the friction loss is very small due to no wire folding at each joint. Therefore  , there are no differences in drive characteristics hetween vertical and horizontal directions   , and so this new joint system provides smoother drive compared with the active universal joint described in our previous reports. Gates' vision of " robots in every home " includes a Roomba  , a laundry-folding robot  , and a mobile assistive robot within the home  , with security and lawn-mowing robots outside 1. A set of sufficient conditions for showing that a folding preserves violations of specifications expressed in propositional temporal logic are given in YouSS. They have applied this method to verify the correct sequencing of P  , V operations in an operating system. The revised taxonomy reveals that  , while both techniques employ some folding  , one folds the state space further to allow exhaustive enumeration of program behaviors  , and the other visits only a sample of the complete space of possible states. Folding-in refers to the problem of computing a representation for a document or query that was not contained in the original training collection. When the user releases the mouse from their dragging operation   , the selected action Firstname folding in this case is applied  , and any items that are now identical in name are moved next to one another. We have also applied C-PRM to several problems arising in computational Biology and Chemistry such as ligand binding and protein folding. Field studies of robots in educational facilities have used multiple Qrio humanoids along with the Rubi platform 2. In cooperation with BookCrossing   , we mailed all eligible users via the community mailing system  , asking them to participate in our online study. When the developer requests a feature to be hidden  , CIDE just leaves a marker to indicate hidden code. Consequently  , an action in the state-based model will correspond to multiple concrete-class events in the traces. – WSML Text Editor: Until recently ontology engineers using the WSMO paradigm would create there WSMO descriptions by hand in a text editor. The merging of these identical items does not occur at this point as there are cases where it makes sense to apply further transformation. In the case that the towel is originally held by a long side  , the table is used to spread out and regrasp the towel in the short side configuration  , from which point folding proceeds as if the short side had been held originally. Each finger but the thumb is assumed to be a planar manipulator. The pro­ posed method for graph folding is one of the solutions allowed by the general concept of state safety testing. Feet with folding components on either side which collapsed during retraction experienced a smaller pull out force than similar feet with collapsing components on the front and back. 19  Israel is deploying stationary robotic gun-sensor platforms along its borders with Gaza in automated kill zones  , equipped with fifty caliber machine guns and armored folding shields. In fact  , since a protein's sequence is static throughout the course of the simulation  , it is not possible to use a sequence-based representation in such settings. Major software vendors have exploited the Internet explosion  , integrating web-page creation features into their popular and commonly used products to increase their perceived relevance. Howard and Alexander 4 suggested that proper sequencing of critical operations in a program can be verified by folding the "state graph" of the program into a given "prototype." It is only recently  , for example  , that IBM announced plans to build the world's fastest supercomputer — Blue Gene — which will attempt to compute the three-dimensional folding of human protein molecules. On the other hand  , folding in other sources such as affiliation or the venue information are likely to yield more accurate rankings. For instance  , a paper published in JCDL might be treated as more indicative of expertise if the query topic is digital libraries than some other conference venues. The development of sensors that utilize self-folding manufacturing techniques and their integration into more complex structures is an important stepping stone in the path towards autonomously assembling machines and robots. Furthermore  , the orthogonality in the reduced k-dimensional basis for the column or row space of A depending on inserting terms or documents is corrupted causing deteriorating effects on the new representation. In this way  , we can represent a DTD or Schema structure as a set of parallel trees  , which closely resemble DTD/Schema syntax  , with links connecting some leaves with some roots  , in a graph-like manner. By using joints which can only fold in one direction  , theoretically  , feet would slap and stroke in a flat formation  , fold during retraction  , and avoid accidentally collapsing the cavity. Such a foot would in fact be more like the basilisk lizard than the standard flat circle used in the previous water runner studies. In that case  , the non-folding  , circular feet were unfairly punished in terms of lift due to the stationary nature of the test setup. Future test rigs may allow forward motion  , or may flow water past a stationary system to simulate forward movement of the water runner. Our main research question is " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " However  , note the empty big circles and squares representing the other short queries in the left and right corners of the simplex in figure 1a  , where the tempered EM could not help. In these techniques  , the state space is considerably simplified by comparison to actual program execution  , but may still be too large to exhaustively enumerat ,e. Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. jEdit's folding feature allows users to hide portions of text by collapsing them into single lines with a visual cue representing the fold and allowing users to expand it. More importantly  , the improvement of our system more and more depends on the details  , such as word segmentation  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , etc. The idea was to circulate electrically connected tiles around the structure and to manually short the circuit  , thereby changing reducing the resistance in steps four steps in this case. The proofs are constructive and give explicit finger placements and folding motions. Mounted midway in the water column  , the sensor scans horizontally such that the scene can be safely approximated as two dimensional. In particular  , while motion planning does have the ability to answer questions about the reacha­ bility of certain goal states from other states  , its primary ob­ jective is to in fact determine the motions required to reach the goal. Many widely used tests such as the Cube Comparisons test mental rotation  , Paper Folding test spatial visualization  , and Spatial Orientation test can be found in the Kit of Factor-Referenced Cognitive Tests ETS  , Princeton  , NJ 6. We disabled constant folding in LLVM because our test cases use concrete constants for the optimizations that use dataflow analyses as described in Section 4. We use the unstable branch of Z3 9  , which has better support for quantifiers  , for checking the constraints generated during cycle detection  , type checking  , and test-case generation. In this example the developer does not have access to information from previous tasks or other developers   , so a new concern is created in ConcernMapper. When no positional information is being recorded  , case folding or the removal of stop words would achieve only small savings  , since record-level inverted file entries for common words are represented very compactly in our coding methods. To simplify our experiments  , we dropped the document segments that were in the gold standard but were not in the ranked list of selected retrieved segments although we could have kept them by folding them into the LSA spaces. We provided the goal conformations heforehand  , and then searched in the roadmap for the minimum weight path connecting the extended amino acid chain to the final three­ dimensional structure. A finite supply of electrodes resulted in a relatively sparse set of data 87 samples and offers two distinct ways to analyze the data. The target edge is also identified in the image and the relative distance between the two edges is calculated. This could possibly involve using another layer of patterned SU-8 for the glue to eliminate the application by hand which risks glue in the flexure joints. It is difficult to characterize the acceleration of the incremental updates by a multiplicative factor  , as it is clearly a different shape than the standard curves. By folding constraints at join points and using memoization techniques for procedures  , we are able to successfully apply our approach to large software systems. However  , when in the collapsed state  , clicking the fold marker will only expand one level of folding i.e. Before the searches  , each participant filled out a questionnaire to determine age  , education  , gender and computer experience  , and two psychometric testslO  , a test of verbal fluency Controlled Associations  , test FA-1 and a test for structural visualization Paper Folding  , test VZ-2. The ability to extract names of organizations  , people  , locations  , dates and times i.e. " The end result will be the automated generation of the following descriptors for video: Speakers by folding in speaker recognition systems working from the audio to cluster speeches by the same person   , affording a natural and powerful way of smoothing the distributions. The capacitive contact sensor successfully detected the touch of a human finger and demonstrates the potential to measure applied force. However  , there are geometric constraints such as a minimum width of the links in order provide sufficient torque from the SMP to actuate self-folding of such devices. It is necessary to design a motion planning method in order to execute these elements. By choosing 'download' from the top-left menu see Figure 5  , the data of the formation are broadcast to the robots in the simulator and they begin re-arranging themselves to establish the new formation. gripper mechanism was developed as an endeffector because gripper mechanisms are used very often in laparoscopic surgery. Four experimental urban courses similar in difficulty were created from differently-sized boxes. Although this is a rather obvious result  , it may provide some insight into the more complicated case in which all the links are obstructed. The criteria for specifying similarity are often approximate and the desired output is usually an ordered list of results. None of the subjects had previously participated in any TREC experiment. Folding intermediates have been an active research area over the last few years. Since these types of actuators are activated by uniform external energy sources  , a sheet containing these actuators does not require an internal control system. Each edge in the original crease structure is thus mapped to a new crease structure capable of folding into the desired angle. As the folding angle approaches 180    , the density reaches its maximum value and the magnetic field increases for a given current. When a simultaneous pattern of movement is reversed the projected trajectories in the relevant phase planes fold over. Folding the overhand knot involves an operation to insert one of the links on the end through a triangle formed by other links  , which in this case has a limited size. The paper presents a new approach to modeling a ve­ hicle system that can be viewed as a further develop­ ment of predicate/transition Petri neLs  , in which the underlying graph is undirected and tokens have a di­ rection attribute. Recent advances in X-ray crystallography and NMR imaging have made it possible to elucidate the folded conformations of a rapidly increasing number of proteins  , However  , little is known today about the folding pathways that transform an extended string of amino acids into a compact and stable structure. This result is in agreement with 27 albeit we perform this comparison on a much higher number of datasets. Along non-heating portions  , the trace width was made as wide as possible under geometric constraints in order to minimize unwanted heating and deformation. In this case  , since the shoulder line was almost vertical and did not give any clues on the tangent direction of the part  , the direction of the grip coordinates determined from the model shape was used as it was. After baking  , we measured the fold angle of each self-folded actuator. Therefore  , we could study i the intermediate or transition states on the pathway  , and the order in which they are ob­ tained  , or Cii the formation order of secondary structures. So far It has only been possible to identifY approximate intermediate confoTI11ations for few proteins. On the other hand  , reciprocal election significantly outperforms the other methods in terms of variation of information  , a more general performance measure. For example   , an optimizer might include constant folding  , common subexpression elimination  , dead code elimination   , loop invariant code motion  , and inline expansion of procedure calls. The next steps will include the development of a folding mechanism for the wings and the integration of a terrestrial locomotion mode e.g. The goal of this step is to take the 2D crease structure and the fold angles of a mesh as input and generate a crease structure that will self-fold the desired angles. To characterize the fold angle as a function of the actuator geometry  , we built eight self-folding strips with gaps on the inner layer in the range of 0.25mm–2mm  , and baked them at 170  C. Each strip has three actuators with the identical gap dimensions. The lamp was fabricated in the same manner as the switch  , but with a different fold pattern and shape. Motion planning is a very challenging problem that involves complicated physical constraints and high-dimensional configuration spaces. The con­ figuration of the ligand in the binding site has low potential energy  , and so the usual PRM feasibility test collision is replaced by a test for low potential energy. Some common preferences include large clearance  , small rotation  , low curvature smoothness  , few sharp corners  , avoiding singularities for manipulators  , or low potential energies Tor ligand binding and protein folding see Table 2. Because of our multilingual reader population  , we are considering " folding " accented and nonaccented characters together in search queries. However when more and more data have to be added  , the error accumulates to undesirable proportions. In addition  , elliptical feet with the major axis aligned side to side experienced a much greater pull out force than a similar foot with major axis aligned front to back. All feet with directionally compliant flaps which collapse during retraction performed better than feet which in no way collapsed during retraction. On the other hand  , the participant with a losing hand would try to bet in a way that the other players would assume otherwise and raise the bet taking high risks. Code fragments are hidden if they do not belong to the selected feature set the developer has selected as relevant for a task. Quick navigation of traditional search engine results lets users overcome the inaccuracies inherent in automated search because user's can quickly check the links and choose those that match. Note that search engine operations such as stemming and case-folding may preclude highlighting by re-scanning the retrieved documents for the search terms. Indeed  , it can he argued that the PRM framework was instrumental in this broadening of the range of applicability of motion planning  , as many of these prohlems had never before heen considered candidates for automatic methods. Future work will attempt to quantify and maximize the capabilities of this technique  , in particular by testing new materials. However  , when positional information is added the inverted file entries for common words become dramatically larger. After the folding  , path T becomes undirected  , hence any of the remaining paths forms a cycle with END Note that in the case when two nodes are connected by more than one path  , it is sufficient to fold only one of them  , say path T   , for transforming the whole subgraph into a chained component. Therefore  , a poker player with a winning hand would try to bet carefully to keep the pot growing and at the same time keep the opponent from folding early. Although it is currently only used in a remote controlled manner  , an IDF division commander is quoted as saying " At least in the initial phases of deployment  , we're going to have to keep a man in the loop "   , implying the potential for more autonomous operations in the future. This system  , presented in detail in 9  , uses a two-jaw gripper with forceltorque sensing for handling flat textile material. Among the perspective-taking tests are the Perspective-Taking Ability PTA Test  , a computer-based test developed from the work described in 10  , and the Purdue Spatial Visualizations test: Visualization of Views PSVV  , a paper-and pencil test found in 8. Instead of folding the known answer into the query in cases like this  , we allow the question answering system's regular procedure to generate a set of candidate answers first  , and check them to be within some experimentally determined range of the answer the knowledge source provides. In particular  , obtaining the desired cloth configuration is a key element to the success of this task. 6 Similarly to the concerns raised in the context of external rewards and incentivisation 18  , gamification has been seen  , in some context  , to undermine intrinsic benefits by subjugating and trivialising contributions into simple game goals and achievements. Thus  , the key elements are terms w taken from a vocabulary V R of observed words in the literal values of RDF statements in R. To obtain realistic indices we apply common techniques from the field of Information Retrieval  , such as case folding and stemming. Figure 9shows the tape edge roughness for both the left and right sides of the tape  , indicating that the roughness on each side of the tape are generally similar to one another  , though in some cases the left side underneath the cutter is much rougher than the corresponding right side. As queries we assume single term queries  , which form the basis for more complex and combined queries in a typical Information Retrieval setting. Owing to its simple structure  , the diameter is successfully reduced to 10 mm  , which is sufficiently small for laparoscopic surgery. The edges of the perimeter of the material are extracted  , the folding edge is identified and its X ,Y ,Z co-ordinates in the robot's base co-ordinate system are calculated. Second  , in PRM applications  , it is usually considered sufficient to find any feasible path connecting the start and goal. This work investigates the effect of the following techniques in reducing HTML document size  , both individually and in combination:  general tidying-up of document  , removal of proprietary tags  , folding of whitespace; Because the HTML under consideration is automatically generated and fits the DTD  , the parser need not be able to handle incorrect HTML; it can be much less robust than the parsers used by web browsers. Limitations of this system are as follows: i Edge pick up results in fabric distortion during pick up  , ii Errors may result due to unpredictable behavior of material due to ambient and material dynamics  , and  , iii The weight of material and its stiffness and friction values play an important role in defining the trajectory during 'laying by dragging' and folding operations. Ultimately we used 92 bilingual aspects from 33 topics  , including 3 Chinese aspects that could only be used as training data for English aspect classification because each of them had only 4 segments. More generally  , the models provide insight regarding the effects of various design parameters on jump gliding performance -for example  , to explore the merits of a more complex wing folding mechanism that reduces drag at the expense of greater weight  , or to evaluate the improvement possible with a reduced body area. On this occasion we are interested in the author Schön  , Donald A. and—due to the nature of the errors that occur—this time we will need to combine a sequence of name folding Figure 6shows the sequence of transforms the user makes  , with Fig- ure 6ashowing the initial names produced by I-Share. Typical full-text indexing e.g. For the same mass  , we could use either a 30pm thick cantilever   , 1 mm wide  , with cross-sectional moment of Figure 6  , the 4 bar mechanism including box beam links and flexural joints can be fabricated by folding a sheet of photo-etched or laser cut stainless steel. In the robot conditi phic robot EDDIE  , LSR  , TU München were presen robot face developed to express emotions and thus atures relevant for emotional expressiveness big ey with additional animal-like characteristics folding omb on top of its head as well as lizard-like ears on es  , these features were not used: the robot had an invaria he comb and ears folded almost not visible. The output tree from the second phase is passed to the constant folding phase which replaces all identifiers and expressions that can be guaranteed to contain constant values with those values. The sensing structure consisted of  , from top to bottom  , an SMP layer  , a heating circuit layer  , two layers of paper  , and a sensing copper-clad polyimide layer which contained the loop where voltage was measured Fig. Moreover  , the fiction loss is very small due to the direct wire insertion from each unit to the ann  , which requires no wire folding  , and also the number of degrees of freedom can be easily increased thanks to the unit-type structure. Research interests in this problem have been further fueled by the insight that the robot motion planning problem shares much similarity with and can serve as a model of diverse physical geometry problems such as mechanical system disassembly  , computer animation  , protein folding  , ligand docking and surgery planning. The rst two factors have been selected as the ones with the highest probablity to generate the word ight"  , the last two factors have the highest probability to generate the word love". Indeed  , it can be argued that the P R M framework was instrumental in this broadening of the range of applicability of motion planning  , as many of these problems had never before been considered candidates for automatic methods. The s ,pecification of the optimizer example includes the definition of two tree types: initial representing the abstract syntax of the source language with no embedded attributes on any abstract syntax tree node  , and live representing the abstract syntax of the source language with live on exit facts embedded in do state- ments. Animation also ensures that the current state of the entity is being mapped  , which is an essential property for software evolution. Modern maps provide magnified inse$ zooming to show needed detail in small  , critical regions  , thus allowing the main map to be rendered at a smaller scale; they provide indexes of special entities e.g. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2 reviews the existing stateof-the-art technology in limp material handling. Semantic relevance. Once the semantic relevance values were calculated  , the pictograms were ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the major category. Using the semantic relevance measure  , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero  , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. The returned set was therefore compared to their query in that light  , their semantic relevance. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. We used two kinds semantic score to evaluate the relevance between tweets and profiles as follow  ,  The semantic score c i is recorded simultaneously . A pure relevance-based based model finds relevance by using semantic information. Semantic errors were reported to developers who quickly confirmed their relevance and took actions to correct them. For example  , if the query is " night "   , relevant pictograms are first selected using the highest semantic relevance value in each pictogram  , and once candidate pictograms are selected  , the pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category  , which in this case is the TIME category. Based on the performance values listed in Table 3  , we see that a the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach performs better than the rest in terms of recall 0.70472 and F 1 measure 0.73757; b the semantic relevance approach in general performs much better than the simple query string match approach; and that c the categorized approach in general performs much better than the not-categorized approach. Simple Semantic Association queries between two entities result in hundreds of results and understanding the relevance of these associations requires comparable intellectual effort to understanding the relevance of a document in response to keyword queries. This is difficult and expensive . For each procedure  , we enumerate a finite set of significant subgraphs; that is  , we enumerate subgraphs that hold semantic relevance and are likely to be good semantic clone candidates . We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design  , and they do not have single  , clear semantics. In our example  , the Semantic GrowBag uses statistical information to compute higher order co-occurrences of keywords. Unlike semantic score features and semantic expansion features which are query-biased  , document quality features are tended to estimate the quality of a tweet. The final step mimics user evaluation of the results  , based on his/her knowledge. Images of the candidate pictograms that contain query as interpretation word are listed at the bottom five rows of Table 4. Our method outperforms the three baselines  , including method only consider PMI  , surface coverage or semantic similarity Table 2: Relevance precision compared with baselines. Each book  , for example  , may take a considerable time to review  , particularly when collecting passage level relevance assessments. Finally  , we evaluate the relevance of identified semantic sets to a given query and rank the members of semantic sets accordingly. In such a system   , users can query with a boolean combination of tags and other keywords  , and obtain resources ranked by relevance to users' interests. Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . In this section  , we discuss to combine multi-domain relevance for tag recommendation MRR. Befi q captures relevance because it is based on all propositions defining the semantic content of the object o  , that imply the query formula. It is designed to be used with formal query method and does not incorporate IR relevance measurements. This ensures that our dataset enables measuring recall and all of the query-document matches  , even non-trivial  , are present. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. While sorting by relevance can be useful   , clearly the sequence of components in documents is typically based on something more meaningful. The presented results are preliminary. XSEarch returns semantically related fragments  , ranked by estimated relevance. semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. We detail our semantic modeling approach in In Section 3  , we review conventional IR methods in order to display the basic underlying concepts of determining text relevance. The inferences are exclusive and involve different meanings . Thus  , specific terms are useful to describe the relevance feature of a topic. We explore tag-tag semantic relevance in a tag-specific manner. A screenshot of web-based pictogram retrieval system prototype which uses the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach with a 0.5 cutoff value. syntactic and semantic information . Of course  , high temporal correlation does not guarantee semantic relevance. are in fact simple examples demonstrating the use of the system-under-test. Figure 4shows an example. Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. A cutoff value of 0.5 was used for the three semantic relevance approaches. Each of the 6 NASA TLX semantic differentials was compared across document size and document relevance level. L in the Vector Space Model  , whose relevance to some documents have been manually labeled. The pictograms listed here are the relevant pictogram set of the given word; 3 QUERY MATCH RATIO > 0.5 lists all pictograms having the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 4 SR WITHOUT CATEGORY uses not-categorized interpretations to calculate the semantic relevance value; 5 SR WITH CATEGORY & NOT- WEIGHTED uses categorized interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram; 6 SR WITH CATEGORY & WEIGHTED uses categorized and weighted interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. Gray scale indicates computed relevance with white most relevant. There are no semantic or pragmatic theories to guide us. Users struggled to understand why the returned set lacked semantic relevance. Section 4 presents precision  , recall  , and retrieval examples of four pictogram retrieval approaches. For a given Latent Semantic Space In this work we use the Euclidean distance to measure the relevance between a query and a document. We consider various combinations of text and link similarity and discuss how these correlate with semantic similarity and how well they rank pages. Using σ G s as a surrogate for user assessments of semantic similarity  , we can address the general question of how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. In this paper we do not address the problem of scalability or efficiency in determining the relevance of the ontologies  , in respect to a query. The weighted version RW weights the semantic clusters based on the aggregate relevance levels of the tweets included in each cluster. The relevance values attached to each rule then provide  , together with an appropriate calculus of relevance values  , a mechanism for determining the overall relevance of a given document as a function of those patterns which it contains. The higher relevance ratings for the task that required subjects to locate a previously seen image suggest that users were better able to specify those queries. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized  , 2 categorized  , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared  , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. The intuition behind this approach is that proximity in the graph reflects mutual relevance between nodes.  The distinguishability of keyword: A resource having semantic paths to distinguishable keywords is more relevant than a resource having semantic paths to undistinguishable keywords. Topics sustainable tourism and interpolation 1411 and 4882 do not benefit from semantic matching due to a semantic gap: interpolation is associated with the polynomial kind while the relevance assessments focus on stochastic methods. Relevance: On the one hand all of our data is exposed through different formats  , which limits not only their integration and semantic interpretation but also any kind of basic inference across data sources. To calculate precision and recall  , we normalize the semantic distance to a scale from 0 to 1. To do so  , the model leverages the existing classifier p0y|x  , and create the semantic embedding vector of x as a convex combination of semantic vectors of the most relevant training labels. These quality measures were derived by observing the workflow of a domain expert using the example of but not limited to the field of chemistry. Having validated the proposed semantic similarity measure   , in Section 4 we begin to explore the question of applications   , namely how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. Using this method we find that 48 ,922 doorway pages in 526 abusive cloud directories utilize traffic spam techniques to manipulate the page relevance.  In this paper  , we focus on ranking the results of complex relationship searches on the Semantic Web. Besides the semantic relevance between the ad and ad landing page  , the ad should be consistent with the style of web page.  The number of meaningful semantic path instances: We regard resources which have many meaningful semantic path instances directed to keywords as more relevant resources. Interestingly  , for the topic law and informatization/computerization 1719 we see that the Dutch translation of law is very closely related. This was not so clear about our application in the relevance part of semantic data – in the form of the lexicon of referential equivalents. Boolean operators and uncertainty operators have to be evaluated in a different way from the evaluation of semantic operators. In this paper 1 we present a coordination middleware for the Semantic Web and demonstrate its relevance to these vital issues for Semantic Web applications. Fourth  , we developed a suitable ranking mechanism that takes into account both the degree of the semantic relationship and the relevance of the keywords. Other semantic types that fell under health  , biology and chemistry related topics were given a medium weight. We introduce a typical use case in which an intelligent traffic management system must support coordinated access to a knowledge base for a large number of agents. Their approach combines a retrieval model with the methods for spreading activation over the link structure of a knowledge graph and evaluation of membership in semantic sets. In the same way that assessors disagree over relevance judgments see 6 for a nice summary  , humans also disagree about whether two pieces of text have the same semantic content. Finally we have undertaken a massive data mining effort on ODP data in order to begin to explore how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance in agreement with semantic similarity. We argue that considering a latent semantic model's score only is not enough to determine its effectiveness in search  , and all potentially useful information captured by the model should be considered . Combinations of latent semantic models. Situation-aware applications would additionally require semantic assertions about the user navigation  , interaction logic and associated data model for the purposes of temporal and positional relevance. In particular  , a definite effect was observed for RTs typically less than for hierarchical traversal. Degree of Category Coverage DCC  , semantic word bandwidth SWD and relevance of covered terms RCT  , for measuring the quality of semantic techniques used for taxonomy / folksonomy creation. Based on these observations  , we proposed three measures namely degree of category coverage DCC  , semantic word bandwidth SWB and relevance of covered terms RCT. After that it matches the query keywords with the generated service semantic graph keywords to find relevance and propose services to the user. The semantic match relies on the classification of pages and ads into a 6000 nodes commercial advertising taxonomy to determine their topical distance. The semantic types used in the current system were determined entirely by inspection. In addition  , the usual problems attached to concurrent executions  , like race conditions and deadlocks  , are raised. We extract the keywords from the META tag of the doorway pages and query their semantic similarity using DISCO API. As the length of a semantic path gets longer  , the relevance between the source and the destination decreases. In the ARCOMEM project 22 first approaches have been investigated to implement a social and semantic driven selection model for Web and Social Web content. We offer this description to demonstrate that evidence gleaned from pseudo-queries could have non-temporal applications  , calling the induced model R a document's " semantic profile. " After explicit feature mapping 18  , the cosine similarity is used as the relevance score. The basic underlying assumption is that the same word form carries the same semantic meaning. If the same types of dependencies were capture by both syntactic and semantic dependencies  , LCE would be expected to perform about equally as well as relevance models. Thus  , a good CBIR method should consider low-level features as well as intrinsic structure of the data. Thus it has particular relevance for archaeological cross domain research. In semantic class extraction  , Zhang et al. In the following section  , five pictogram categories are described  , and characteristics in pictogram interpretation are clarified. Our method presupposes a set of pictograms having a list of interpretation words and ratios for each pictogram. This equation  , however  , does not take into account the similarity of interpretation words. Some semantic-relevance images that can not be found under the typical visual bag-of-words model were successfully retrieved. Hence  , the key issue of the extension is how to findkreate the relevance among different databases. Consider for example an interaction logic implemented as JSP bean or Javascript  , etc. If the glb values of the conjunct are already available in the semantic index  , they are directly retrieved. QR  , using a highly tuned semantic engine  , can attain high relevance. Then in 26  semantic relatedness measure is used to pick the meaning that has the highest relevance to the context where the ambiguous term appears. We assume that the significance of a citation link can be estimated by the relevance of each entity considering the query topic. A version of the corpus is annotated with various linguistic information such as part-of-speech  , morphology  , UMLS semantic classes. Future work will look at incorporating document-side dependencies  , as well. For instance  , a word like " morning " may score high in the category of coffee merely based on its occurrence at similar times as coffee terms. We used sentence as window size to measure relevance of appearing concepts to the topic term. Different from LSA and its variants  , our model learns a projection matrix  , which maps the term-vector of a document onto a lower-dimensional semantic space  , using a supervised learning method. This phenomenon is extremely important to explore the semantic relevance when the label information is unknown. This could be done by assigning weights to Semantic Associations based on the contextual relevance and then validating only those associations with a high relevance weight. In our approaches  , we propose four semantic features. We introduce an experimental platform based on the data set and topics from the Semantic Search Challenge 9  , 4 . We compared the precision of QR implemented on top of three major search engines and saw that relevance can be affected by low recall for long queries; in fact  , precision decays as a function of low recall. However  , this probably changes the 'order' in which events are consumed and thus has semantic relevance. First  , we provide a general method for the aggregation of information streams based on the concept of semantic relevance and on a novel asymmetric aggregation function. Essentially  , an interface to a bi-directional weakly connected graph that is transparently generated as the programmer works. That's why LSSH can improve mAP by 18% at least which also shows the importance to reduce semantic gap between different modals. And a tag-tag visual similarity matrix is formulated by the propagated tag relevance from trustable images in Section 2.2. The topics are categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard topic " difficulty "   , semantic/visual topic " visuality "   , and geographic/general 4. Average distance weight and the co-occurrence ratio are not able to reflect the semantic similarities between a question and a candidate answer. Section 3 describes semantic relevance measure  , and categorization and weighting of interpretation words. Here  , we propose a semantic relevance measure which outputs relevancy values of each pictogram when a pictogram interpretation is given. In the Semantic Web community  , crowdsourcing has also been recently considered  , for instance to link 10 or map 21  entities. Different from traditional training procedure  , these " weak " learners are trained based on cross domain relevance of the semantic targets. We will show that categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach returns better result than not-categorized  , not-weighted approaches. When the semantic relevance is calculated  , however  , the equation takes into account all the interpretation words including talking or church or play. Based on this prediction  , we propose a semantic relevance calculation on categorized interpretations. Once the relevant pictograms are selected  , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. As expected  , the worst method in terms of semantic relevance is the TempCorr method  , which ignores semantics altogether. Figure 3is similar to Figure 2  , but compare the percent of relevant tweets with the volume of newly discovered content . The results of the rating question on relevance suggested that users believed the returned sets were not always semantically relevant. However  , the browsing tool simply required users to think about what might be the main colour and then look in that colour square. Kacimi and Gamper propose a different opinion diversification framework for controversial queries 17  , 18 : three criteria are considered for diversification: topical relevance  , semantic diversification  , and sentiment diversification. The relevance of a query and a document is computed as the cosine similarity between their vectors in the semantic space. The Maximum Entropy approach allows for the use of a large amount of descriptors without the need to specify their relevance for training a specific semantic concept. After extracting the semantic features  , we need to represent those features in a proper format so that it is convenient to calculate the relevance between tweets and profiles. A query usually provides only a very restricted means to represent the user's intention. Recently  , millions of tagged images are available online in social community. In this paper  , to tackle this problem  , we explore the latent semantic relevance among tags from text and visual perspectives. For instance  , the top 20 retrieved documents have a mean relevance value of 4.2 upon 5  , versus 2.7 in the keyword search. The relevance value of a document with respect to " pimo:Person " is dynamically measured as the aggregated relevance value of that document with respect to all instances of the concept " pimo:Person " in the PIMO ontology. Specifically  , a sentence consisting of a mentioned location set and a term set is rated in terms of the geographic relevance to location and the semantic relevance to tag   , as   , where Then  , given a representative tag   , we generate its corresponding snippets by ranking all the sentences in the travelogue collection according to the query " " . The content layer is at the bottom  , since the similarity calculated based on low-level features does not have any well-defined mapping with object relevance perceived at semantic level. Therefore  , it is important to locate interesting and meaningful relations and to rank them before presenting them to the user. To prove the applicability of our technique  , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. The rest of the section elaborates on these measures and how they are used to rank ρ-path associations. However  , it does not carry out semantic annotation of documents  , which is the problem addressed here. The adjacent semantic link panel lists links to more content that is of relevance to what is displayed in the content panel. These findings suggest that the criteria in the Hybrid method Equation 7 improves both temporal similarity and semantic relevance. It uses a non-logic based textual similarity to discover services. Cross-media relevance between an unlabeled image and a test label is computed by cosine similarity between their embedding vectors. Theobald and Weikum 24  describe a query language for XML that supports approximate matches with relevance ranking based on ontologies and semantic similarity. On the other hand  , the relevance graph shows that here the semantic search gives high ranks to the relevant documents. Our approach utilizes categorized pictogram interpretations together with the semantic relevance measure to retrieve and rank relevant pictograms for a given interpretation . First we create original intent hierarchies OIH by manually grouping the official intents based on their semantic similarity or relatedness. Incorporating this additional semantic fact could have helped to improve the relevance of retrieved results. Regarding the amount of relevance of each term to the each section  , its importance for the document is evaluated. It also takes into account the beliefs associated to these propositions; the higher their beliefs  , the higher the relevance. However  , almost all of them ignore one important factor for resource selection  , i.e. Thus users clicked on blue and were presented with predominantly blue images  , we believe that this meant that the users were evaluating the relevance of the return more on the colour than the semantic relevance. An analogous approach has been used in the past to evaluate similarity search  , but relying on only the hierarchical ODP structure as a proxy for semantic similarity 7  , 16. The method is based on: i a semantic relevance function acting as a kernel to discover the semantic affinities of heterogeneous information items  , and ii an asymmetric vector projection model on which semantic dependency graphs among information items are built and representative elements of these graphs can be selected. In our experiment we manipulated four independent variables: image size small  , medium  , large  , relevance level relevant  , not relevant  , topic difficulty easy  , medium  , difficult  , very difficult and topic visuality visual  , medium  , semantic. Latent semantic models based on the latent space matching approach learn vector representations for queries and documents  , such that the distance between a query vector vQ and a document vector vD reflects the degree of relevance of the document D to the query Q. There is already a very significant body of work around entailment for the Semantic Web 10  , based on description logics providing an underlying formal semantics for the various flavours of OWL. One major question concerns the practical applicability of these different matchmakers in general  , not restricted to some given domain-specific and/or very small-sized scenario  , by means of their retrieval performance over a given initial test collection  , SAWSDL-TC1  , that consists of more than 900 SAWSDL services from different application domains. Some insights from measurement theory in Mathematical Psychology were briefly covered to illustrate how inappropriate correspondence between symbol and referent can result in logically valid but meaningless inference. A large number of bytes changed might result from a page creator who restructures the spacing of a page's source encoding while maintaining the same content from a semantic and rhetorical point of view. Hence  , the scatter plot can show  , among others  , documents referring to both the topic " Semantic Desktop " and one or more persons who are of specific interest to the users documents plotted above both axes. To summarize the representative aspects of a destination  , we first generate a few representative tags  , and then identify related snippets for each tag to further describe and interpret the relation between the tag and the destination. Almost all these existing methods are devoted to propose various measures to estimate the relevance score between query and sources and this kind of relevance is very closely related with the semantic content of query and results. A serious consequence of such an overly simplified assumption of a document's relevance quality to a given query is that the model's generalization capability is limited: one has to collect a large number of such query-document pairs to obtain a confident estimate of relevance. For instance  , it was agreed to that a hyponym of campaign  , such as Marlboro Ranch a name of a specific marketing campaign should be considered  , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance  , whereas the non-specific hypernym campaign should not be considered   , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance. Term frequency was developed by their domain experts in order to establish the relevance of different MetaMap semantic types and articles that displayed high frequency of relevant terms were ranked higher among articles that had lower frequencies. Then  , we present a fully unsupervised framework that implements all the functionalities provided by the general method. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. The heterogeneous nature of the data and our approach to constructing semantic links between documents are what differentiate our work from traditional cluster-based retrieval. Our models assume that the questions in the dataset can be grouped into K distinct clusters and that each cluster has a distinct relevance prediction model as well. Finally  , we allow users to optionally specify some keywords that capture relevance and results which contain semantic matches are ranked highest. The goal would be to efficiently obtain a measure of the semantic distance between two versions of a document. Contextual expansion methodologies i.e. This highlights the need to find a better similarity measure based on the semantic similarity rather than just textual overlap. We formulate a combination of the new semantic change measure and the relevance prediction from the enhanced classifier to produce a normalized quantifiable intention strength measure ranging from -1.0 to 1.0 past to current intention  , respectively. Existing measures of indexing consistency are flawed because they ignore semantic relations between the terms that different indexers assign. How to measure the similarity of events or road condition ? Only part 1 of the questionnaire was utilized  , which is composed of six semantic differentials mental demand  , physical demand  , temporal demand  , performance  , effort and frustration  , all rated between 0 and 100. The general trend for most of the categories is that demand increases as size of document increases  , the exception being perceived performance where the values decrease as document size increases. We have proposed a method named the Relevance-based Superimposition RS model to solve the semantic ambiguity problem in information retrieval. This is approached by embedding both the image and the novel labels into a common semantic space such that their relevance can be estimated in terms of the distance between the corresponding vectors in the space. The page-level results of semantic prediction are inevitably not accurate enough  , due to the inter-site variations and weak features used to characterize vertical knowledge. A final problem of particular relevance to the database community is the manifest inability of NLIs to insure semantic correctness of user queries and operations. This issue is typically resolved by acknowledging these assessor differences and simply accepting the opinion of a single assessor. Image relevance was also considered to be a factor for this experiment. We validated this principle in a quite different context involving combination of the topical and the semantic dimensions 29. Digital items of this type represent cohesive semantic units that may be substantial in size  , requiring extensive effort to assess for relevance. As the value nears zero  , the pictogram becomes less relevant; hence  , a cutoff point is needed to discard the less relevant pictograms. The aim of this work is to provide developers and end users with a semantic search engine for open source software. It has also become clear that in order to arrive to an executable benchmark  , we needed to exclude significant parts of a semantic search system. The result of this step is a list of terms  , where each term is assigned with a single Wikipedia article that describes its meaning. Unfortunately  , there is not an easily computed metric that provides a direct correlation between syntactic and semantic changes in a Web page For instance  , there is no clear relationship between the number of bytes changed and the relevance of the change to the reader. To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. The possible worlds semantics  , originally put forward by Kripke for modal logics  , is commonly used for representing knowledge with uncertainties. As part of the CLEF 2006 effort  , which shared the same set of topics as used in CLEF 2007  , the topics were categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard  , semantic/visual  , and geographic/general 5. The RSVP user interface is primarily designed for relevance assessment of video shots  , which are presented in a rapid but controllable sequence. Discovered semantic concepts are printed using bold font. To do this  , we first cluster a large tweet corpus Tweets2011 and then calculate a trigonal area for each triplet ⟨query  , tweet  , cluster⟩ in a Figure 1: Overall system architecture latent semantic space. Therefore  , by modeling both types of dependencies we see an additive effect  , rather than an absorbing effect. The evaluation results on ad hoc task show that entities can indeed bring further improvements on the performance of Web document retrieval when combined with axiomatic retrieval model with semantic expansion  , one of the state-ofthe-art methods. We utilized a similar methodology in SCDA. Later in 2  , polynomial semantic indexing PSI is performed by learning two low-rank mapping matrices in a learning to rank framework  , and then a polynomial model is considered to measure the relevance between query and document. Although presented as a ranking problem  , they use binary classification to rank the related concepts. Also  , our approach to target detection can be naturally applied to many real-world problems such as word sense disambiguations as well as semantic query suggestion with Wikipedia. Euclidean distance only considers the data similarity  , but manifold distance tries to capture the semantic relevance by the underlying structure of the data set. As Gupta et al 10 comment the most successful systems are those which an organizing structure has been imposed on the data to give it semantic relevance. In this paper we proposed a novel way of matching advertisements to web pages that rely on a topical semantic match as a major component of the relevance score. Current proposals for XML query languages lack most IR-related features  , which are weighting and ranking  , relevance-oriented search  , datatypes with vague predicates  , and semantic relativism. We have presented the new query language XIRQL which integrates all these features  , and we have described the concepts that are necessary in order to arrive at a consistent model for XML retrieval. Changes on a topic's representation involve the introduction of event-dependent features  , which bring along ambiguous semantic relevance to the topic. Therefore  , such methods are not appropriate to be applied on feature sets generated from LOD. Thus  , in this section  , we briefly review the literature and compare our approach with related literature. To retrieve better intention-conveying pictograms using a word query  , we proposed a semantic relevance measure which utilizes interpretation words and frequencies collected from a web survey. Six different images were shown to the participant for each topic  , the images varied for each combination of size and relevance  , for that topic. Table 6 provides a matrix of the changes in relevance labels for the documents returned in the top position for each query Next  , we take a closer look at the changes brought about by the inclusion of metafeatures in the combination of latent semantic models. Despite this  , our model could be applied in alternative scenarios where the relevance of an object to a query can be evaluated. Questions and candidate snippets are analyzed by our information extraction pipeline 13   , which extracts entity mentions  , performs within-document and cross-document coreference  , detects relations between entity mentions  , compute parse trees  , and assigns semantic roles to constituents of the parse tree. The features used for relevance prediction are an extension of those used in the 28. We pursue an approach that is based on a modulative relevance model SemRank  , that can easily using a sliding bar be modulated or adjusted via the query interface. Different from the convention of storing the index of each object with itself  , the LGM stores the knowledge as the links between media objects. The significance of the new context-based approach lies in the greatly improved relevance of search results. Then  , the ESA semantic interpreter will go through each text word  , retrieve corresponding entries in the inverted index  , and merge them into a vector of concepts that is ordered by their relevance to the input text. Our method does not require supervised relevance judgments and is able to learn from raw textual evidence and document-candidate associations alone. In the next step  , we would like to analyze the effect of usercontributed annotations and semantic linkage on the effectiveness of the map retrieval system. Measuring semantic quantities of information requires innovation on the theory  , better clarification of the relationship between information and entropy  , and justification of this relationship. Finally  , we reiterated the importance of choosing expansion terms that model relevance  , rather than the relevant documents and showed how LCE captures both syntactic and query-side semantic dependencies. For example  , the presence of the term " neurologist " is unlikely to convey the same impact to a document's relevance as the presence of " astrocytosis. " In this representation  , the relevance of a tweet to a given query is represented via each topically formed cluster. Finally  , an average relevance score over a set of empirical threshold values triggered a tweet to be sent to the matching user for Task A within a few seconds after the tweet was originally created. They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. In contrast  , the definition of similarity in duplicate detection in early database research 1312 is very conservative  , which is mainly to find syntactically " almost-identical " documents. Based on the assumption that users prefer those tweets related to the profile and popular in social media  , we consider social attributes as follow  ,  Then  , the semantic score and quality score are utilized to evaluate the relevance and quality of a tweet for a certain profile. As such they had to construct a strong notion of the form and content of a relevant image  , which one might call their semantic relevance. The challenge for CBIR systems therefore is to provide mechanisms for structuring browsing in ways that rely upon the visual characteristics of images. The ranking score can be viewed as a metric of the manifold distance which is more meaningful to measure the semantic relevance. For example  , the first retrieved image in the first case is the 34th image retrieved by Euclidean distance. We can use machine translation to translate contexts and citations and get two views Chinese-Chinese  , For monolingual context and citations Chinese-Chinese or English-English  , we adopt Supervised Semantic Index SSI 19 to model their relevance score. The semantic association between the nodes is used to compute the edge weights query-independent while the relevance of a node to the query is used to define the node weight query- dependent. We then proposed different aspects for characterizing reference quality  , including context coherence  , selection clarity  , and reference relevance with respect to the selection and the context. Given a semantic user query regarding the relevance of the extracted triples consisting of basic graph patterns and implemented as SPARQL query; a query expressed in natural language might be: " Retrieve all acquisitions of companies in the smartphone domain. " Another possibility to measure the relevance of the covered terms may be reflected by using independent semantic techniques. The Cranfield paradigm of retrieval evaluation is based on a test collection consisting of three components: a set of documents  , a set of information need statements called topics  , and a set of relevance judgments. The relevance is then computed based on the similarity between two bags of concepts. In the digital age  , the value of images depends on how easily they can be located  , searched for relevance  , and retrieved. The physician is interested in the immediate finding of articles where relevance is defined by the semantic similarity to some kind of prototype abstract delivered by the specialist. We define pictogram categories by appropriating first level categories defined in the Concept Dictionary of EDR Electronic Dictionary6. Our Foursquare dataset consisted of all checkins from 2011 and 2012 except December 2012 aggregated in 20 minutes bins by category and urban area. As mentioned before  , our semantic topic compass framework relies on incorporating the semantics of words into the feature space of the studied topic  , aiming at characterising the relevance and ambiguity of the these features. Hence  , this step extracts first the latent semantics of words under a topic  , and then incorporates these semantics into the topic's feature space. In summary  , the key contributions of this paper are as follows: 1 We present a novel image search system to enable users to search images with the requirement on the spatial distribution of semantic concepts. In other words  , it would never be computationally possible to apply a semantic relevance check to millions of components. Another advantage of the model is that we can use this model to capture the 'semantic'/hidden relevance between the query and the target objects. The richness of the SemRank relevance model stems from the fact that it uses a blend of semantic and information theoretic techniques along with heuristics to determine the rank of In this way  , a user can easily vary their search mode from a Conventional search mode to a Discovery search mode based on their need. Of special relevance to the fulfillment of the Semantic Web vision is automating KA from text and image resources. Automated KA systems take as input multimedia documents originally intended for human consumption only and provide as output knowledge that machines can reason about. The goal in IR is to determine  , for a given user query  , the relevant documents in a text collection  , ranking them according to their relevance degree for the query. A well equipped and powerful system should be able to compare the content of the abstracts regarding their semantics  , i.e. We argued in 14 that annotating medical images with information available from LODD can eventually improve their search and navigation through additional semantic links. Although our preliminary results address the sensibility of the measures  , a detailed investigation using several document corpora is still needed to reflect different topics and sizes. So we can proceed from the assumption that visualizing search results taking semantic information into account has a positive effect on the efficiency when assessing search result relevance. Semantic information for music can be obtained from a variety of sources 32. The major shortcoming of treating a web page as a single semantic unit is that it does not consider multiple topics in a page. We categorize links suggested by our system into four categories: C1  , correct links; C2  , missing interlayer concept; C3  , one-step errors  , suggest two sibling concepts or reverse the relation; C4  , incorrect relation. The score is treated as a distance metric defined on the manifold   , which is more meaningful to capturing the semantic relevance degree. Their model favors documents most different in sentiment direction and in the arguments they discuss. The learned function f maps each text-image pair to a ranking score based on their semantic relevance. The task is to estimate the relevance of the image and the query for each test query-image pair  , and then for each query  , we order the images based on the prediction scores returned by our trained ranking model. In this paper  , we proposed a topic segmentation method which allows us to extract semantic blocks from Web pages using visual criteria and content presentation HTML tags. Moreover  , we need an approach that can be generalized to represent the queries and documents that have never been observed in the search logs. In many IR tasks document similarity refers to semantic " relevance " among documents  , which are could be syntactically very different but still relevant. The third contribution is analyzing the progression of intention through time. Specifically we utilize the so-called " supervised semantic indexing " SSI approach 9. 7'he relevance of a document takes the maximal value among the correspondence measures evaluated between itk component semantic expressions and the query. However  , semantic similarity neither implies nor is implied by structural similarity. The subject is then required to give the relevance judgements on the results returned for the best query he/she chooses for the simple combination method. Web mash-ups have explored the potential for combining information from multiple sources on the web. In that case  , the complexity of the problem can be analyzed along the number of semantic paths retrieved Similar heuristics to those discussed in the first approach that use context to prune paths based on degree of relevance can also be used here. This approach has the advantage of not requiring any hand-coding but has the disadvantage of being very sensitive to the representational choices made by the source on the Semantic Web. Digital libraries technologies such as those related to information organization and retrieval deal with issues of semantics and relevance  , beyond pure engineering problems. However  , the configuration and tuning of the NLP-based passage trimming is complex  , and will require much further work to determine which UMLS semantic types are most informative about sentence relevance for each entity type. Second problem is that the model is more aggressive towards relevance due to the bias in the training dataset extracted from Mechanical Turk 80% Relevant class and 20% Non- Relevant. Indeed  , while the contribution of stop-words  , such as determiners and modals  , can be largely ignored  , unmatched named entities are strong indicators of semantic differences between the query and the document. The basic assumption of a cognitive basis for a semantic distance effect over thesaurus terms has been investigated by Brooks 8  , in a series of experiments exploring the relevance relationships between bibliographic records and topical subject descriptors. In the Chevy Tahoe example above  , the classifier would establish that the page is about cars/automotive and only those ads will be considered. In the end  , 30 identifiers 9.6% reached the ultimate goal and were identified as a semantic concept on Wikidata. The necessary probability values for sim Resnik and sim Lin have been calculated based on SAWSDL-TC  , i.e. To improve performance   , we automatically thin out our disambiguation graph by removing 25 % of those edges  , whose source and target entities have the lowest semantic similarity. For example the word Bataclan  , referring to the Bataclan Theatre in Paris is commonly related to Entertainment  , however during the November 2015 terrorist attacks in France it became relevant to the Topic Violence. Standard feature selection methods tend to select the features that have the highest relevance score without exploiting the semantic relations between the features in the feature space. From each mention  , a set of semantic terms is extracted  , and the number of mentions a term derives from can be used to quantify its relevance for a document. We define semantic relevance of a pictogram to be the measure of relevancy between a word query and interpretation words of a pictogram. Selecting a set of words relevant to the query would reduce the effect of less-relevant interpretation words affecting the calculation. Intuitively  , we can simply use cosine similarity to calculate the distance between W l and Ws. Our approach to structured retrieval for QA works by encoding this linguistic and semantic content as annotations on text  , and by using a retrieval model that directly supports constraint-checking and ranking with respect to document structure and annotations in addition to keywords. In this section we propose a method to make use of this information by encoding it into a feature weighting strategy that can be used to weight features in a tweet collection to address a topic classification task. Based on the axioms and corollaries above  , given a news web page  , we can first detect all its TLBIOs  , merge them to derive possible news areas  , and then verify each TLBIO based on their position  , format  , and semantic relevance to the news areas to detect all the news TLBIOs. In case neither approach detects the Web answer in the corpus  , we simply browse through the paragraphs returned by the Indri IR system in the order of their relevance and select the first hit as the supporting document. This paper presents an approach to retrieval for Question Answering that directly supports indexing and retrieval on the kind of linguistic and semantic constraints that a QA system needs to determine relevance of a retrieved document to a particular natural language input question. The proposed measure takes into account the probability and similarity in a set of pictogram interpretation words  , and to enhance retrieval performance   , pictogram interpretations were categorized into five pictogram categories using the Concept Dictionary in EDR Electronic Dictionary. In the " cooking recipe " case  , the performances cannot be improved even using page content  , since all the considered sites are effectively on the topic " cooking recipes "   , and then there is a semantic reason because such sites are connected . Although Codd advised the community to include an accurate paraphraseand-verify step 4  , it seems that developed systems seldom take this requirement seriously and instead simply translate the user's query to SQL  , applied it and then presented the answers  , perhaps along with the SQL. We remove proper nouns because we observed that if a particular proper noun occurs in a news article and a reader comment frequently  , then the cosine similarity score will be high  , but the actual content of the comment and the news article might not be similar. We would extract those facts as a whole  , noting that they might appear more than once in the abstract  , and then take both fact and term frequency into consideration when ranking the abstracts for relevance. For simplicity  , we only discuss CLIR modeling in this section. In addition to increased click through rate CTR due to increased relevance  , a significant but harder to quantify benefit of the semantic-syntactic matching is that the resulting page has a unified feel and improves the user experience. Both entailment and designation have relevance for the Semantic Web: entailment relating to what can be concluded from what is already known  , and designation relates to establishing the connection between symbols in a formal system and what they represent. To capture how likely item t is to be an instance of a semantic class  , we use features extracted from candidate lists. The system estimates the semantic relevance between a comment and a news article by measuring the cosine similarity between the original news article and reader comment  , after all proper nouns have been removed from both. Since Atomate uses a rule based system at its core  , emerging Semantic Web work pertaining to rule languages such as SWRL and RuleML  , and efficient chainers for these languages are currently of great relevance and interest to us well. Second  , the L p -norm distance form of the above model reflects the coverage of keywords  , and p ≥ 1 controls the strength of ANDsemantics among keywords. A vector model solely based on word similarities will fail to find the high relevance between the above two context vectors  , while our context distance model does capture such relatedness. On the other hand semantic types such as  , " disease and syndrome "   , "sign or symptoms"  , "body part" were assigned the highest possible weight  , as they would be very critical is determining the relevance of a biomedical article. Defining representative content has to focus on the technical side of the objects and cover the difference in structural expression of the content  , not the variety of the semantic content that the objects represent such as different motives shown in digital photographs. Besides using statistical features such as term frequency  , proximity and relative position to the question key words  , our methods also include syntactic information derived through parsing  , and semantic features like word senses  , POS tagging and keyword expansion etc. The main challenge for diversifying the results of keyword queries over RDF graphs  , is how to take into consideration the semantics and the structured nature of RDF when defining the relevance of the results to the query and the dissimilarity among results. As an alternative or auxiliary to directly aligning between standards and curricular resources on the one hand  , and trying to infer relevance from the structural and semantic similarity of standards across standard sets on the other  , the feasibility of standard crosswalking – that is  , inferring alignment in one set of standards based on alignments in another – has been explored; e.g. 5 Hyponymy is the semantic relation in which the extension of a word is subsumed in the extension of another word e.g. In order to implement this principle  , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them  , as specified in the query topic. At the core  , most of these approaches can be viewed as computing a similarity score Sima ,p between a vector of features characterizing the ad a and a vector of features characterizing the page p. For the ad a such features could include the bid phrase  , the title words usually displayed in a bold font in the presentation  , synonyms of these words  , the displayed abstract  , the target URL  , the target web site  , the semantic category  , etc. However   , when compared to query centric retrieval  , this makes for a substantial difference at retrieval time: while query centric retrieval requires a relevance judgment for all types of images in the relevant class from a single example  , database centric retrieval only requires a similarity judgment for one image the query from the probability distribution of the entire class. In the early days of the Web the lack of navigation plainness was considered as the navigation problem: users can get lost in a hyperspace and this means that  , when users follow a sequence of links  , they tend to become disoriented in terms of the goal of their original query and in terms of the relevance to their query of the information they are currently browsing 3. It is probable  , however  , that this problem cannot be solved without performing time-consuming experimental rese~irch aimed at defining the influence on the size of retrieval system atoms of the variation of frequency of occurrence of index terms  , of the co-occurrence of index terms  , of the variation of the frequency of co-occurrence of index terms  , of the existence of semantic relations  , etc. The latter three variables were based on the topic classifications defined in the ImageCLEF 2007 4  , 5 and allow us to investigate how the Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Users are also likely to want support for data types and 'semantic relativism': the former would  , for example  , enable searches for documents where //publicationDate is later than August 17  , 1982; the latter would allow markup as diverse as <doc publicationDate='October 27  , 1983'>.. and <publicationDate>October 27  , 1983</publicationDate> to match such a query. While other ontology-based IR approaches typically builds only on terminological knowledge e.g. An alternative strategy to cope with the problem is the approach based on statistical translation 2: A query term can be a translation of any word in a document which may be different from  , but semantically related to the query term; and the relevance of a document given a query is assumed proportional to the translation probability from the document to the query. While some projects have attempted to derive the semantic relevance of discrete search results  , at least sufficiently to be able to group them into derived categories after the fact 27  , the unstructured nature of the Web makes exploring relationships among pages  , or the information components within pages  , difficult to determine. In step 1  , we identify concept labels that are semantically similar by using a similarity measure based on the frequency of term co-occurence in a large corpus the web combined with a semantic distance based on WordNet without relying on string matching techniques 10. In routing  , the system uses a query and a list of documents that have been identified as relevant or not relevant to construct a classification rule that ranks unlabeled documents according to their likelihood of relevance. Results indicate  , not surprisingly perhaps  , that standard crosswalking can be successful if different standard-issuing agencies base their standard writing on a common source and/or a Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . Third  , ensembles of models arise naturally in hierarchical modeling. This modeling approach has the advantage of improving our understanding of the mechanisms driving diffusion  , and of testing the predictive power of information diffusion models. In addition to early detection of different diseases  , predictive modeling can also help to individualize patient care  , by differentiating individuals who can be helped from a specific intervention from those that will be adversely affected by the same inter- vention 7  , 8. However  , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists  , such as Participants P7 and P12. Unlike traditional predictive display where typically 3D world coordinate CAD modeling is done  , we do not assume any a-priori information. Calculating the average per-word held-out likelihood   , predictive perplexity measures how the model fits with new documents; lower predictive perplexity means better fit. When we are capable of building and testing a highly predictive model of user effectiveness we will be able to do cross system comparisons via a control  , but our current knowledge of user modeling is inadequate. Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. However  , we will keep the nested logit terminology since it is more prevalent in the discrete choice literature. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. Sequential prediction methods use the output of classifiers trained with previous  , overlapping subsequences of items  , assuming some predictive value from adjacent cases  , as in language modeling. Fig.4 shows an example of predictive geometrical information display when an endmill is operated manually by an operator using joysticks which are described later. This approach is similar in nature t o model-predictive-control MPC. In addition  , they offer more flexibility for modeling practical scenarios where the data is very sparse. Smoothed unigram language modeling has been developed to capture the predictive ability of individual words based on their frequency at each reading difficulty level 7. Modeling and feature selection is integrated into the search over the space of database queries generating feature candidates involving complex interactions among objects in a given database. The formal definition of perplexity for a corpus D with D documents is: To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . Our predictive models are based on raw geographic distance How many meters is the ATM from me ? We evaluated each source and combinations of sources based on their predictive value. Specifically  , the predictive models can help in three different ways. The approach taken in this paper suggests a framework for understanding user behavior in terms of demographic features determined through unsupervised modeling. In terms of portability  , vertical balancing may be improved by modeling the similarity in terms of predictive evidence between source verticals. As FData and RData have different feature patterns  , the combination of both result in better performance. These rules were then used to predict the values of the Salary attribute in the test data. Another objective of this research is to discover whether reducing the imbalance in the training data would improve the predictive performance for the 8 modeling methods we have evaluated. For each interface modeled we created a storyboard that contained the frames  , widgets  , and transitions required to do all the tasks  , and then demonstrated the tasks on the storyboard. In addition  , MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 11  , item taxonomy 9 and attributes 1  , social relations 8  , and 3-way interactions 21. This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. Having cost models for all three types of releases  , along with an understanding of the outiler subset of high productivity releases  , would complete the cost modeling area of our study. In particular  , low-rank MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 15  , item taxonomy 6  , and attributes 1. These findings have profound implications for user modeling and personalization applications  , encouraging focus on approaches that can leverage users' browsing behavior as a source of information. Perplexity  , which is widely used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood lower numbers are better. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from data TransC i  for all the individual customer models and compare its performance with the performance of function 1 estimated from the transactional data for the whole customer base. Given the variety of models  , there was a pressing need for an objective comparison of their performance. Preliminary results showed that our topic-based defect prediction has better predictive power than state-of-the-art approaches. A lower score implies that word wji is less surprising to the model and are better. Examining users' geographic foci of attention for different queries is potentially a rich source of data for user modeling and predictive analytics. An important advantage of the statistical modeling approach is the ability to analyze the predictive value of features that are being considered for inclusion in the ranking scheme. A challenge of this approach is the tradeoff between the number of cohorts and the predictive power of cohorts on individuals. Here the appearance function g has to be based only on the image sequences returned from the tele-manipulation system. Manually built models consist mainly of text patterns  , carefully created  , tested and maintained by domain and linguistic experts. These approaches frequently use probabilistic graphical models PGMs for their support for modeling complex relationships under uncertainty. Perplexity is a standard measure used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood . From the predictive modeling perspective  , homophily or its opposite  , heterophily can be used to build more accurate models of user behavior and social interactions based on multi-modal data. Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. l We found a high difference in effectiveness in the use of our systems between two groups of users. Since the core task for any user modeling system is predicting future behavior  , we evaluate the informativeness of different sources of behavioral signal based on their predictive value. Considering the complexity and heterogeneity of our data and the problem  , it is important to use the most suitable and powerful prediction model that are available. Both risks may dramatically affect the classifier performance and can lead to poor prediction accuracy or even in wrong predictive models. For building accurate models  , ignoring instances with missing values leads to inferior model performance 7  , while acquiring complete information for all instances often is prohibitively expensive or unnecessary. We also demonstrate the further improvement of UCM over URM  , due to UCM's more appropriate modeling of the retweet structure. Compounding the lack of clarity in the claims themselves is an absence of a consistent and rigorous evaluation framework . In doing this  , we hope to exploit the strength of machine learning to quantify the improvement of the proposed features. Sheridan differentiates between two types: those which use a time series extrapolation for prediction  , and those which do system modeling also including the multidimensional control input2. Table 2shows the results of the perplexity comparison. There has been a great deal of research on inductive transfer under many names  , e.g. The goal is to build models that can be used to generate behaviors that are interactive in the sense of being coordinated with a human partner. Thus although we anticipate that our qualitative results will prove robust to our specific modeling assumptions  , the relationship between model complexity and best-case predictive performance remains an interesting open question. Such an approach can generate a more comprehensive understanding of users and their pref- erences 57  , 48  , 46. Finally  , modeling relational data as it persists or changes across time is an important challenge. One key advantage of SJASM is that it can discover the underlying sentimental aspects which are predictive of the review helpfulness voting. Mark has been a co-organizer of two TREC tracks  , a co-organizer of the SIGIR 2013 workshop on modeling user behavior for information retrieval evaluation MUBE and the SIGIR 2010 workshop on the simulation of interaction. Content features are not predictive perhaps due to 1 citation bias  , 2 paper quality is covered by authors/venues  , or 3 insufficient content modeling. One important application of predictive modeling is to correctly identify the characteristics of different health issues by understanding the patient data found in EHR 6. In this paper  , predictive modeling and analyses have been conducted at two different levels of granularity. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from the transactional data TransC i  for the segmentation level models  , and compare its performance with the performance results obtained in Section 4. On the other hand  , it is also misleading to imply that even if extreme events such as financial crises and societal revolutions cannot be predicted with any useful accuracy 54  , predictive modeling is counterproductive in general. A statistical approach is proposed to infer the distribution of a word's likely acquisition age automatically from authentic texts collected from the Web  , and then an effective semantic component for predicting reading difficulty of news texts is provided by combining the acquisition age distributions for all words in a document 14. Pain is a very common problem experienced by patients  , especially at the end of life EOL when comfort is paramount to high quality healthcare. Moreover  , these bounds on predictive performance are also extremely sensitive to the deviations from perfect knowledge we are likely to encounter when modeling real-world systems: even a relatively small amount of error in estimating a product's quality leads to a rapid decrease in one's ability to predict its success. It should be noted that the key contribution of this work is more about extracting the important features and understanding the domain by providing novel insights  , but not necessarily about building a new predictive modeling algo- rithm. Item seed sets were constructed according to various criteria such as popularity items should be known to the users  , contention items should be indicative of users' tendencies  , and coverage items should possess predictive power on other items. However  , our goal here is different as we do not just want to make our predictions based on some large number of features but are instead interested in modeling how the temporal dynamics of bidding behavior predicts the loan outcome funded vs. not funded and paid vs. not paid. The most relevant related work is on modeling predictive factors on social media for various other issues such as tie formation Golder and Yardi 2010   , tie break-up Kivran- Swaine  , Govindan  , and Naaman 2011  , tie strength Gilbert and Karahalios 2009 and retweeting Suh et al. In other words  , we aggregate the past behavior in the two modalities considered search queries and browsing behavior over a given time period  , and evaluate the predictiveness of the resulting aggregated user profile with respect to behavior occurring in a  sequent period. The controlled system's transfer function under perturbation becomes: The plant transfer function P z is . Figure 15shows the frequency response of the transfer function. This transfer function was then used to design the zero phase error tracking controller. Spector and Flashner 9 analysed the zeros of a pinned-free beam transfer function for both collocated and noncollocated systems. The controller transfer function is C The plant transfer function Pz is α z   , therefore it becomes P mod z = ˜ α·∆α z . 10 can expressed by In particular  , if sl is equal to one  , then this equation becomes the following transfer function: The transfer function of the model in eq. The experimentally determined transfer function is 6. However  , the transfer function for figure 9.b is The transfer function for figure 9.a is identical to equation 2  , with the same bandwidth. shows that  , in the limit  , the relative degree of the transfer function is ill-defined. The transfer function matrix Gi is expressed as follows; We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. Hence  , we break the transfer function between intensity values and optical properties into two parts: i classification function  , and ii transfer function from tissue to optical properties. Eppstein 13  showed that  , for general part feeders with non-monotonic transfer functions  , finding a shortest plan is NP-complete. 9shows the concept ofthe inverse transfer function compensation. This objective is well-suited to the general XFl ,problem. The input corresponds to the deno~nznator of the transfer function  , and hence  , position units are introduced into the transfer function by multiplying the denominator term by L. Scaling the controller output corresponds to scaling the numerator of the nondimensional controller transfer function The relationship between the nondimensional and dimensional control torques is H  t  = Q21hHndRt. The parameters used to plot this transfer function were the same as those in Figure 3 driving frequency. Once a transfer function is shown to be passive  , the system can be stabilized easily using the following theorem. Therefore  , the frequency domain transfer function between actuator position and force is: Figure 5 shows the magnitude and phase relationship between actuator position and actuator force based on the given transfer function. Figure 12shows the experimental system used for velocity response experiment. The index is dependent on the transfer function. The transfer function of the charge amplifier is identified by monitoring its output in step response. Indeed we know that a positive transfer function is typical of a spring  , while a negative transfer function is indicative of a mass. At low frequency  , this transfer function is equal to unity  , and in the limit as frequency goes to infinity the transfer function goes to zero. These functions parameterize the set of different trajectories based on covariances of initial beliefs. If the relative degree of the transfer function is not well-defined  , the performance of a controller designed using this model can be affected. So  , it is obvious that there is agreement between the transfer function approach and the analytic optimization solution. We are focusing on driving frequencies significantly less than the servo valve bandwidth. Opposite of the closed loop forward transfer function   , the impedance at low frequency is equal to zero. The transfer function frequency bins may further be smoothened through a recursive least square technique. From the PI transfer function and the ARMAX model of the motor  , which had been previously determined  , the closed-loop transfer function Gz was calculated. In addition  , any attempt to identify the transfer function model will be affected. This transfer function in itself is not really of interest to us as it does not include the spring dynamics. If developers do not know about the existence of the defined locking aspect or its relation to the new function transfer  , they might not add transfer as a relevant shadow  , thus  , might miss locking in transfer  , or create a redundant locking cross-cutting concern for that function. Instead of assuming a mechanical model  , we have decided to estimate a transfer function directly from the frequency response data. For a real rational transfer function  , if the poles and zeros are simple  , lie on the jw-axis and alternate with each other  , then the transfer function is passive. This property is called interlacing. It was seen that the derived transfer function agreed identically with the analytic optimal spring solution presented. However  , we know the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T ,. The input of a transfer function is V before the execution of the instruction   , and the output is the new V after the execution. Data and experimentally determined transfer function amplitudes match very well. Both transfer function have two zeros and four poles. The transfer function of the charge amplifier Gc& can be assumed as the 10b. Assuming the manipulator closed loop transfer function i.e. The transfer function of When D = 0  , the system is said to be strictly causal. and substituting the plant transfer function of Eq. Fig.13shows the bode plot of the transfer function. 11show the Bode plot of the resulting identified transfer function contact force versus normal velocity. The corresponding z-domain transfer function is is the integrator output. 3shows the response of the inertial element circuit with the transfer function Fig. For the case of the hoist and drag drives the transfer function is for winch velocity as a function of reference input  , while for the slew drive it is for torque as a function of reference input. Since only the magnitude response is used  , the frequency domain identification method in 5 is only suitable for identifying minimum-phase transfer functions with slightly damped zeros such as the transfer function from the shaft velocity to tip acceleration. The transfer function P , ,s of the velocity response model has been assumed to be the transfer function P f  s  of the force response model as multiplied by a transfer function that represents the inertia of the output part and the determined experimentally. Next  , a discrete  , unnormalized probability distribution function Fvhrt c' is obtained as: Even a customized transfer function can be devised by utilizing B- splines. The transfer function for first setup controller is: The sensitivity weighting function is assigned to be  Two controllers were designed using p -synthesis toolbox of Matlab. The transfer functions were identified using the MATLAB The simulator runs at 5Hz and writes the system output variables to the logger using its RTC interface. The transfer function depends on the geometry given by the diameter function of the part. Then clearly q is a stable transfer function. The middle loop decouples the dynamics of the system reduces its transfer function to a double integrator. Where q c is the parameter which determines the controller convergence speed. The above transfer function meam a typical second order system. 20 is diagonal  , the repetitive controller for each axis can be designed independently . ¼ The estimated transfer function was converted into the following standard form which is convenient to design a controller. Using this value for C in the derived transfer function The capacitor's recommended value is given as 0.022 uF. The above methods can only be applied t o overdamped systems. Stability is analyzed by plotting the Popov curve for the transfer function from A to B . The force control for the experiments uses an inner velocity loop. The Bode plots obtained experimentally to model the link dynamics are displayed in Fig. where µ is a discount factor that defines how trustworthy the new observations are. is a stable transfer function. In this system  , several factors are connected with each other in series. This method is a kind of feed-forward control. I 1Displacement control with inverse transfer function compensation integrals  , the output of the compensator is generally stable. Figure 7 shows the arrangement of the singlemass arm. The experiment results is shown in Figure 7. The closed loop transfer function governing the system's response in the NS mode is: The system's response is 2nd order. 20  , the transfer function from the disturbance to the output force is expressed as follows: Then  , from eq. An example of aplying the equivalent transfer function for minimizing the size of a SPN a Where: 4. However  , there is no step response experiment for the fuel mass measurements from sensor WIA 2. The transfer function of the controller is obtained using equation hub. During pipe transfer and placement  , slips may occur along the pipe's axis. It should be noted that Gs is not a single transfer function but rather a family of transfer functions with independent real interval coefficients; thus Gs represents an interval plant system 8. To overcome these challenges  , BIGDEBUG provides an on-demand watchpoint with a guard closure function . The dynamics of HSI and TO are assumed to be negligible  , they are modeled as ideal transducers with unity transfer functions. The ZPETC is based on the inversion of the closed loop transfer fimction so that the product of the ZPETC and the closed loop transfer function comes close to unity for arbitrary desired output. The values of the sensitivity transfer functions along the normal and tangential directions  , within their bandwidths  , are 0.7 m / l b f and 0.197 in/lbf respectively. In the whole teleoperation  , highly accurate control has been achieved. A time wrapping function is a transfer function which aligns two curves. The sensitivity function in low frequencies is minimized simultaneously with the open loop transfer function in high frequencies   , using a Lagrangian function. We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. This section is devoted to a description of the extender performance where the following question is addressed: What dynamic behavior should the extender have in performing a task ? Figure 11shows the analytical and experimental values of G for t w o orthogonal directions. We see that the transfer function defines the kinematic correspondence between the master and the slave. Choosing a first order stable transfer function leads to a compensator E. Due to the simplicity of the flotor dynamics  , a n y proper  , stable  , real-rational transfer function can be obtained from the desired acceleration a  , to the actual acceleration a of the flotor of course  , there will be limits on achievable performance due to plant uncertainty  , actuator saturation  , etc. To plan a trajectory efficiently  , each edge of the belief graph is associated with a covariance transfer function and a cost transfer function. A class of outputs which lead to a minimum phase transfer function for single-link flexible robots have been presented in 8. where G is the actuator transfer function relating the input command to the actuator to the end-effector velocity; S is the actuator sensitivity transfer function relating the line tensile force fR to the end-effector velocity  , v   , A positive value for v represents a downward speed for the load. The force commands should be sent to actuator through D/A converter modeled by putting the transfer function in Eq. However  , we can derive the more interesting transfer function between actuator position/velocity and actuator force by viewing our system as shown in equivalence. In our case  , the closed position loop transfer function of one motor is approximated by a first order system : Winding motors can have a very small response time  , but in the general case  , the motor position control loop cannot be neglected in the full open loop transfer function of one mode. The position model used in this research is a 20 degree of freedom DOF lumped-spring-mass-damper model based on the work of Oakley 16. Each motor of the end-effector was treated separately and a control loop similar to the one in In this set of experiments  , the position transfer function matrix  , G  , the sensitivity transfer function  , S are measured. Specifically  , the undamped transfer function from By the Passivity theorem  , a P D controller will guarantee stability if the robot is undamped. Section 4 of this paper proposes an alternate transfer function which has a well-defined relative degree even as the number of modes approaches infinity. An alternate method is presented in this section which does give a well-defined transfer function. As discussed in Section 1  , the other important measure of hand controller performance is its achievable stiffness  , which is provided by a position control loop with transfer function T  , between sensed position Xs and actuator force Fa. The hydraulic servo valve and joint transfer function plant models are for different arm postures and for different command levels. The key is to define output variables so that the transfer function is passive. If the poles and zeros of the undamped transfer function from A E to Aq1 -2Aqh4 are plotted for all the orientations in Figure 8  , the pole-zero patterns all display the interlacing property  , thus implying passivity. From the above lemma and the proof of completeness for polygonal parts and by verifying that for transfer functions f of polygonal parts  , A' The diameter function of the thin slice is shown in dotted lines along with its transfer function. As well  , the problems in determining the relative degree of this transfer function are discussed in Section 3. For purposes of this paper  , the authors define the bandwidth of transparency as the frequency at which the transparency transfer function crosses a A3 dB magnitude band. However  , because the passivity theorem is only a sufficient condition  , then having the transfer function non-passive does not necessarily imply instability . It may be the case that an attacker wants to slow down transfer of a given piece of information; but the transfer speed itself is a function of the aggregate effort of the machines participating in the transfer. We assumed that the transfer functions were of first order and used classical geometry-based approach for identifying transfer function parameters. function: All keybord interaction except the function keys is directed to the dialog object. We then present a constructive argument to show that only On projection sets need be considered to obtain the diameter function. This means there is a room to improve the backdrivability without affecting the txansfer function of the reference torque. The diameter function of the thin slice is shown in dotted lines along with its transfer function. Next we interpret each instructions of the function by following the transfer functions in Table 1 . Similarly  , we redefine all accessors to record structures for records owned by the terminal as calls to protocol transfer functions which: The functions mentioned above all behave in the following way: some data function parameters or record instances to be accessed is passed to the opposite partition and then some task is performed by that partition on the data. In the function  , two similarity measures are used. Our system is comprised of a user information collection function and a P2P transfer function. These functions are: instruction access tracing  , data access tracing  , and conditional transfer tracing. It requires a model of the robot+camera transfer function  , which is computed using I  , The controller is a generalized predictive controller that is described in section III. S is the sensitivity transfer function matrix. The transmitted impedance felt by the operator  , see with the difference between Zt and 2  , being interpreted as a measure of transparency. Then the transfer function is obtained as shown in Fig. This results in a transfer function which is minimum phase with zeros on the imaginary axis. we define how the orientation of thr: part changes during a basic pull action. This is accomplished by scaling the nondimensional frequency variable i = The controller transfer function is redimensionalized by essentially scaling t ,he zeros and poles of the nondimensional controller. Then we can modify the controller input For a repetitive task  , the transfer function of the system will be the same. A momentary switch is mounted-on the side of the handlebar. has a constant transfer function which is required to work in a changing environment. Gp stands for the closed loop transfer function of the position controlled system in free motion  , from motor setpoint to link position. In order to use this feature  , a headrelated transfer function is needed. 4are positive  , the poles of the conjugate eye movement transfer function are always negative  , and the conjugate eye movement is always stable. a t the front and t ,he rear of controlled system P and tlherehy shape the open loop frequency transfer function. Transfer function of piezo displacement as input and output of charge amplifier as output Fig. Since the transfer function matrix in Eq. force unloading no saturation Fig. The same parameters were used for digital integration of the equations 20-27 with addition of the correction block having the transfer function given by 28. The transfer function matrix H is doubly-astic. Its reaction is modeled by an admittance with serial spring-damper dynamics with the transfer function s/s + 0.5. Once the output utpet is calculated from ZPETC's transfer function 3  , the repetitive compensation is calculated . In order to design the controller  , we need to have the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T , ,. This avoids numerically unsound calculations such as inversion of transfer function matrices. is non-proper. If the follower calculate U ,  , the follower could estimate the trajectory precisely using the transfer function GI as illustrated in Chapter 2. The system then displays information pertaining to self and others aggregated by these two functions via an information display interface. Identity mapping I is used as feature mapping function  , with the mapping procedure This can be viewed as a special case of transfer learning. method is specific to recommendations using random walks  , we can transfer their exponential decay function to our model as follows: While the Boldi et al. The contact stability condition imposes that the actual penetration p is positive during contact. 9 also focused on the frequency domain verification of transfer function models for a single-link flexible arm. Otherwise  , the transfer function 28 should be realized by means of switching circuits or by software. The analog circuit for transfer function 28 and also software procedure 30 were realized. The controller transfer function is redimensionalized by essentially scaling t ,he zeros and poles of the nondimensional controller. We derive a transfer function for the pulling feeder for convex polygonal parts  , i.e. In Section 2.2  , we will define a basic pull action and the corresponding transfer function. Using this approach we can obtain the transfer function of a system. The obtained transfer function matrix is given by: To identify the unknown parameters  , we use an autoregressive moving average with exogeneous model ARMAX. Another important difference is that the transfer function model used in 4 Net tip position yt may then differ substantially from y 't and exhibit large oscillations. 2shows that the actuator signal  , r d   , can be reconstructed from the control input signal U and the identified actuator transfer function H . the characteristic equation becomes f1s=s 2 +KPs+KI. The most rapid changes in position may be associated with the higher frequency components of the position command signal. An artificial ear for the auditory system would affect the spectral characteristics of sound signals. One major default mode that can alterate this function is the seizing of the pump axis. The transfer function represents a ratio of output to input. MRAC was implemented into the real master device system . The human operator exerts a velocity step. The transfer function is assumed as the diagonal matrix  , so that the Phase deg Frequency Hz x-output y-output z-output Figs.5shows the resulted Bode diagram. that is simply an integrator  , Along the trajectories of Euler's equation in Choosing a first order stable transfer function leads to a compensator E. A transfer function converts the handlebar deviation to an actual steering angle. In this section we look at the transfer function taking input current to pan and tilt angles. These approaches M e r from one another only in the level of abstraction. According to the precedent theory the matrix inp&-output relation is given by y = Hu  , where H is the transfer function matrix. First there is the transfer function representing the dynamics of the master arms Y ,. With the values of the physical and control parameters used to produce the experiment of Fig. We used the robotic system to measure gap junction function. A maximal box around the nominal p 0 is obtained by increasing . Once a model has been selected to represent a subsystem  , the unknown parameters identification is required. which means that after k control steps the signal reaches the confidence zone. The force static characteristic is single valued and would require  , for example  , an integrator to generate instability. U Here the transfer function of the motor-gear system and the controller are replaced by a simplified system for conciseness. The simplified coupled impedance transfer function obtained from System passivity means that the work is always done by the external force  , without loss of the contact. We shall show that this transfer function has several desirable properties. For example  , consider the case where all the transfer function matrices in 10 are diagonal. At high frequency   , the transfer function is equal to the value-of k ,  , the spring constant of the physical spring. Reference 4 describes the conditions for the closed-loop stability of the system. Alternate approaches have to be found to make the transfer function appear passive for the case when is large. Each drive system is modeled by a discrete time transfer function  , expressed as a numerator and a denominator polynomial. Although not the case here  , such data would typically be obtained from a commercial spectrum analyser. Con-' sider a 2D system described by the transfer function \Ve can now give a realization procedure based on the method illustrated in the above example. This experiment used a Head-Related Transfer Function HRTF method. We then redefine each function which is owned by the terminal to be a call on a protocol transfer function: the name of the function and its parameters are passed to the remote-function-call function. Further  , Wang and Vidyasagar have shown in 12  that the relative degree of the transfer function relating the base torque to the tip position becomes ill-defined as the nuimber of modes included in the truncated model tends 'to infinity. In the middle  , the solid line is the measured control signal v6  , and the dashed line the predicted controlled signal  , where the predicted signal is an output of the transfer function model when the control error e is given as an input. The first two clamped-free and pinned-free frequencies computed from the analytical model agree within 10% with the measured frequencies. Also note that since the load is connected to the end-effector  , both terminologies "load velocity" and "end-effector velocity" refer to v as derived by equation 2. where G is the actuator transfer function relating the input command to the actuator to the end-effector velocity; S is the actuator sensitivity transfer function relating the line tensile force fR to the end-effector velocity  , v   , A positive value for v represents a downward speed for the load. For free motion case  , the object is to find the transfer function from the motor torque to tip position of the manipulator  , and in constrained case  , we want to find the transfer function from motor torque to the force exerted by the manipulator to the environment. It was also shown in 9  that for noncollocated position measurements  , the locations of the right half plane zeros of the resulting transfer function are highly sensitive to errors in model parameters and the distance between the actuator and the sensor. In this paper  , we described the design  , the modeling and the experimental results of our prototype of an endoscope based on the use of metal bellows. If Go is a transfer function mapping the open-loop robotic arm endpoint velocity v to an input  , K  , is the velocity compensator around each joint  , and so is a transfer function mapping the robotic arm endpoint velocity v to the forces f when the velocity loop is not closed  , then the closed-loop velocity control system is as shown in Figure 5. operator fh   , and the forces applied to the machine by the environment  , f  , . The first result involves characterizing transfer functions of polygonal parts and states that for every step function f   , each step having a fixed point4 strictly in its interior  , there corresponds a polygonal part PJ having f as its transfer function and vice versa. Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. As shown in 131 it is found that the colocated transfer function motor tachometer is characterized by a set of alternating zeroes and poles slightly on the left of the j w axis while the noncolocated transfer function tip accelerometer is non-minimum phase with right-half plane zeros. We ran 200 trials and plot the mean and standard deviation of the information transfer estimate at each time step. The transfer knction from input voltage V  , to the AC component of the output voltage superimposed on the power bus line V  , is given by Figure 4illustrates the transfer function. When dealing with interval plant systems with independent coefficients one typically is interested in Kharitonov polynomials. The value of a function mapping is a member of the enumerated set FN-RETURN = { Preconditlon-Error  , Previous-Menuf Prevlous-Screen  , Master-Menu-Or-Exit  , Screen-Error }. It can be seen that the robot arm undergoes smooth transfer between autonomous function and avoidance function aa well as recovering function to cope with the unexpected event. The diameter function of a part is a mapping between the part's orientation with respect to the gripper and the distance between parallel jaws of the gripper. One can find many methods to design the controller transfer function K . The 1/0 stabilizing decoupling controller for stabilizable rational proper minimum phase and full row range systems of 9  , is used. It is shown that if the tip-position is chosen as the output  , and the joint-torque is chosen as the input  , then the transfer function of the system is non-minimum phase. That  , is  , the peaks of t ,liis transfer function are easily identified and the variation of tlie frequency where these peaks occur admits a direct functional relat.ionship with the payload carried IJY tlie robot. Then  , the approximated cost to traverse an edge is computed by plugging a covariance at a departing vertex into the associated cost transfer function of that edge. In the next section we present a newly developed system identification based on orthogonal basis functions. Equation 1 8 shows a twodimensional example for choice of D  s l where m l and m2  , representing the apparent masses in various directions  , are the designers choice. We assume a nicely damped transfer easily be estimated  , since the PID controller is tuned by using these two variables: Since the robot has voltage driven joint motors comparable to velocity steering  , the most important lower frequency range of transfer function of the joint can be approximated by a second-order system with a pure integrator 4. Examples of transfer statements include: method invocations that pass tainted data into a body of a method through a function parameter: updatesecret; assignment statements of a form x = secret  , where tainted variable secret is not modified; return statements in the form return secret. It is well known that if actuator and sensor are located at the same point co-location then the transfer function is passive and thus it is possible to develop a very simple controller. In this discussion  , we will focus on the transfer function between actuator position/velocity and the actuator force  , as the phase relationship between these will relate to our optimal spring problem. Several alternate transfer functions are proposed. Not all ICFG paths represent possible executions. The closed loop frequency response is shown in figure 7. where  , controller  , and neglecting small higher order terms  , the total transfer function can be represented as the secmd order system. Since the numerators and denolminators have non odd powers of s  , the poles and zeros will be symmetric about the imaginary axis. Introducing the notion of lossless transmission line  , Anderson and Spong 8 argued that L block can be made to strictly positive real and stable transfer function. Applying the passivity to teleoperation  , Lawrence proved the following theorem. 'fico control is used to suppress the effect of uncertainties by minimizing the oo-norm of the system's closed-loop transfer function. its inverse to be known  , the control design in conventional position controlled industrial robots can be significantly simplified if we adopt the force control law i.e. We modelled a servo motor and driver sub-system including load as a transfer function Gm  , hence we can express limited performance of load-motor-driver units. This loop is described by the transfer function TJ from sensed force Fs to actuator force Fa. We have inferred that the distribution is heavy-tailed  , namely a Pareto with parameter α ≈ 2. distribution of transfer size: Figure 1shows the complementary cumulative distribution function of the sizes of transfers from the blogosphere server. The objective function in MTL Trace considers the trace-norm of matrix W for regularization. The transfer function for the simplified continuous time system is represented as The time delay can be due to computational or communication delays in either a simulated environment display or teleoperated system. 2  , and the correspondent transfer function is: If the plasticity phenomena typical of polymeric materials is taken into account  , the force/elongation characteristic of the tendon is modeled as in Fig. The open loop transfer function is obtained through random testing with a Hewlett-Packard dynamic si nal analyzer. In almost all type of applications  , it would be sufficient to set Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. A secondorderdynamicwas foundsuperposed to the integral relation was found  , clearlyshowing the presence of an unnegligible structural deformation . We show that  , unfortunately  , there exist non-convex polygonal parts that despite asymmetry cannot be fed using inside-out pull actions. In the absence of any feedforward terms  , the response is governed by the poles of the transfer function. No matter what kind of controller C we use in Figure 4   , the transfer function GI and the backdrivability G2 always keep the following relationship. The previous transfer function 15 represents the CDPR dynamics and it depends on the pose X of the robot. Furtlierinore  , we may assiinie that the adjacent frequency bins H  , That is  , each component of the transfer function is corrected by where 1 = 1  , ..   , N   , the forgetting factor A  , satibfies 0 < A  , 5 1  , and P  , is tlie covariance matrix. All signals within that range are amplified to near the high-end attenuation point. In what follows we will ignore amplification and motor transfer function issues and assume a   ,  t  can be specified directly. Thus  , by Definition 1  , the relative degree of the input-output transfer function is two  , regardless of how many modes are included. the inner and the outer loops and Qa/Tr for the proposed system  , respectively. The weighted inputs are summed  , and then an output Y can be obtained by mapping of transfer function f . Since rotating the gripper is equivalent to rotating the part  , the transfer function is defined in terms of the part's orientation with respect to the gripper . The object identification method here presented relies on composition and interpolation of object patterns . The magnitude of A obtained from experiments is shown in Fig. Therefore  , a perfect tracking controller may cause oscillatory velocity response. As such  , skills do not transfer well from one environment to the next  , from one robot platform to another  , and from simulation to reality. The aim of the classical element and frequency response experiments is to let the shdents comprehend the concepts in control theory. When ρ =ρ r the transfer function of vergence will become 0; in this case all types of vergence eye movements will disappear. If an output variable includes strain measurements along the length of the beam  , then the controller is no longer collocated . with the horizontal subsystem  , the goal is to find a passive transfer function by carefully choosing an output variable. The arm's capability to follow a moving environment with certain contact force is investigated in this section. The transfer function of dynamic model is obtained as shown in equation 6. the force response was directly superimposed upon the reference position trajectory. In this representation  , the computer  , its terminal equipment  , and the system program are treated as a black box. Another field closely related to our work is transfer learning . System poles are the roots of the denominator polynomial of the transfer function and zeros are the roots of the numerator polynomial. The transfer function G2 presents the backdrivability of the torque control. In this example  , we will show two different approaches to find the transfer function matrix. We begin with the standard approach which is operational  , and uses the formal power series. The system was simulated to aid understanding of the control problem  , to identify a suitable transfer function and to determine the vision system specification. To simplify the problem   , we model each axis of a machine tool as a simple second-order transfer function. The cut off frequency of the LPF is much lower than the resonance frequency of the In general  , the transfer function of a multilayer piezo is represented by the second order system. In this example  , the impedance up to the saturation frequency  , w , ,  , is significantly reduced. 17  , are shown in Fig 5. For each input-output pair  , Golubev method is applied to derive directly a rational transfer function. This can be achieved by a classical PID-controller. A sinusoidal command was given and slowly swept through the frequency range of interest. We first analyze the possible configurations of the finger with respect to the part. It is well known that for collocated measurements  , the transfer function is passive and hence it is easy to stablilise the system 4. The angle of rotation of the actuator is the commonly used collocated mea- surement. They considered the position of the tip or that of an intermediate point as the noncollocated output. Similarly as in the implicit force control  , the transfer function GF2 should be strictly proper to ensure zero steady state force error and t o compensate for stationary impedance i.e. Passivity theory provides a powerful way to describe dynamically coupled systems by focusing on energy transfer 138. Numerically differentiating position twice  , which is required for impedance causality  , could introduce substantial noise into the system making The transfer function with impedance casuality: importance of admittance causality is clear when considering virtual environments such as rigid body simulations . the person in charge For promptly sending warning messages to the person in charge  , a message delivery mechanism is designed in the Watchdog component. For larger excursions the output current limits at Z~IABC  , providing the overall transfer function shown in Fig. Then  , it holds from the well known ztransform of a continuous system with a zero order hold that: Let H  z  be the discrete transfer function of the VCMD. The robotic gripper's primary function is to transfer pipes and move them into or out of the roughneck. Q-learning also implicitly learns the reward function . The lower part of figure 4shows a double pure integration in the transfer function for the y-coordinate. To implement this scheme we can use F F T to analyze the spectrum of both input and output during the transient period  , and calculate the transfer function N . The transfer function relating the contact force to the commanded force F  , and the environment position X  , is: The block diagram of the control system is shown in Figure 5. Let the values of at the end of the lift-off and transfer forward subphases be +L It'is a function of the kinematic cycle phase variable  , +  , which is used to implement periodic gaits 1 ,4 ,10. For this design  , the global open loop transfer function of each mode is required. For a noncompliant motion Eq.5 describes a decoupled system  , which is generally not true in case of compliant motion. It is difficult to accurately determine the center of gravity and the moment of inertia of each leg in the tumbler system. If we join all subsystems in accordance with the position based dynamic look and move structures we obtain the system's block diagram. The transfer function for figure 9.a is identical to equation 2  , with the same bandwidth. Finally  , the last section presents some conclusions and recom- mendations. Position Sensor Based Torque Control Method Fig.2shows a block diagram of a proposed torque control system. Consequently  , the actuator's dynamics can be represented by a simple transfer function: of the external wrench w and with the choice of cts. Let C  0  denote the transfer function of a nondimensional controller   , such that   , Since this is an initial investigation into scaling laws for controllers   , the theory developed here is only applicable t o frequency domain controllers. Recall from Using the developed scaling laws 12  , the controller transfer function 11s scaled and applied to both of the dimensional SFL systems described at the beginning of the section. The empirical transfer function r��:� is also plotted. F * e = 0  , the interaction impedance is the transfer function between its reaction force and the external motion that this environment 3For environment with no internal force i.e. Hence  , each free variable is set 2 and then the function INITIALIZEGLOBALS is called. Finally  , if all the operators in Figure 4are transfer function matrices  , then the stability bound is shown by inequality 25. The physical parameters corresponding to this transfer function are shown in Table I. While most of the previously proposed control strategies for the single flexible link required only a state space model 1 ,2 ,3  , other control strategies require a transfer function for the system. S is a transfer function matrix that represent the compliance Ule deal with the robustness at thls stage. The important requirement for doing this successfully is that we include in a users ontology all concepts  , which influence her ranking function. It is clear that transparent position control can be achieved by using where k is a scale factor. Our goal is to obtain a precise position controller with high bandwidth shown in Fig. Whenever an external force is applied to the hand controller  , the end-point of the hand controller will move in response. Based on the above discussions   , the force compensator transfer-function K  s = A large admittance corresponds to a rapid motion induced by a p plied forces; while a small admittance represents a slow reaction to contact forces. The frequency response and the fittef model obtained for this system is shown in The open loop transfer function is obtained through random testing with a Hewlett-Packard dynamic si nal analyzer. It should be noted that Axdi is calculated by each follower based on the observable state of each follower AX ,. Typically  , each axis will have its own servo controller to allow it to track reference inputs. The summary graph of Experiment 1 Figure 6 shows that as stifmess of virtual walls increases  , performance of the size identification task improves. We now show that the transfer function resulting from our suggested output has all its zeros and poles alternatingly on the jw-axis. To examine the last condition of the Popov stability criterion the frequency characteristics of the above transfer function is plotted on the complex plane of Re x coordinate  , is modified based on the estimated gradient. In the case of a manipulator control  , this term have not been seriously considered since the relative speed between a robot and an environment is small. In this section  , we address the control problem of active vibration canceling of CDPR with light and flexible wires in the modal space. Since it is desired that none of the joints overshoot the commanded position or the response be critically damped  , In the absence of any feedforward terms  , the response is governed by the poles of the transfer function. The necessary conditions for stability of vergence eye movements are obtained from 4are positive  , the poles of the conjugate eye movement transfer function are always negative  , and the conjugate eye movement is always stable. We require that the transfer of commodities from the virtual source node to each node in V is instantaneous. The acceleration method ensures no error in the stiffness and damping terms  , but generates a fourth order transfer function which can be unstable. To do so  , a spectrum analyzer is used to measure the transfer function of the amplifier driving one motor of a stationary forcer floating on the platen. This idea that combines attractively with the observer-based SPR design used here. Thus  , the signal uzpet and the repetitive control input urep are stored in memory and used after one period M . From the physical parameters as shown in Table 1When we design the stabilizing compensator based on Eq. lo  , variations in the transfer function of the controlled system should be given in advance. The force error is predictable from the transfer function. The CAMBrowser downloads and executes applications written in Simkin  , an XML-based scripting language including support for function calls  , control flow  , arithmetic and basic datatypes 38. Then  , we express the transfer operation as a combination of remove and insert: Since W CC is a state function  , all paths from P to P ′ have the same differential. Its main function is to transfer users demands to the concerned pool and the informations possibly returned to users from the pool. where  , controller  , and neglecting small higher order terms  , the total transfer function can be represented as the secmd order system. We use a third order model of a Hydro-Elastic Actuator to investigate the closed loop forward transfer function and the impedance of the system. In the latter case  , 10 becomes a scalar quantity and the stability can be studied using conventional methods. 4 where Fc is Coulomb friction force  , while sPs denotes the position control sensitivity transfer function. Usually  , position controllers are developed using transfer functions from the input torque T to the tip position y. This idea can be understood in terms of a binary scaling function. Fig.7Block diagram of direct transfer function identifier. Therefore  , the proposed method is not just a specific controller design approach for a specific performance requirement. Figure 4shows the theoretical and experimental values for the bode plot of G ,. But  , this can only be done experimentally. In idling conditions  , the following experimental transfer function was obtained: Figure Sillustratcs the Bode diagrams related to the identifi ed systems for the cases of idling condition and when the three different skin samples are grasped. This may be achieved by canceling the poles and zeros of the closed-loop system. On the other hand this double integrator is necessary for ramp following behavior with a steady state error to become zero. The position method has the important advantage of yielding a second order closed-loop transfer function and is thus always stable in the continuous-time case if the coefficients are positive. In the dye transfer experiments  , the membraneimpermeable HPTS dye mixing with Dextran-Rhodamine red dye was injected into a cell. where vf is the end-effector velocity and F is the contact force  , both at the point of interaction. This case occurs when both slave arm located at remote site and simulated model interact with environment . Therefore  , the frequency Characteristics are compensated with the inverse transfer function of it  121. Calibration data was obtained by scanning the MAST sensor across the tube bundle to obtain data for both the y and z axes. In a similar fashion to Section 4.1  , an electronic oscil­ lator was constructed with transfer function: The circuit was built using Rand C values designed to make 't= 1 . This implies that  , if the transfer function from the input torque to some carefully chosen output can be shown to be passive  , a PD controller can be used to efficiently eliminate flexible link oscillations27. To assure stability  , the stabilizing compensator must be chosen in such a way that: Here  , Gz is the closed-loop transfer function of the servo  , C  z  is the stabilizing compensator and M is the repetitive controller's delay. The uncertain plant is described as the second-order transfer function This is a somewhat contrived example as it has been built to stress issues due to real parametric uncertainties. Using volume visualization techniques  , 2–dimensional projections on different planes can then be displayed. Furthermore  , it creates and initializes the pools. From this plan  , detailed operational specifications are prepared that precisely define the "transfer function" of the control system. Figure  13depicts the sensitivity transfer function. The resulting model is quite precise and was experimentally verified 2. A substantial overshoot can be remarked at about 10 rad/s. When the wheel is moved from the desired position  , the control torque sent to the wheel attempts to drive the angular position back to zero. The problem with a double integrator in the open-loop transfer function is the inherent tendency to become unstable. In this case simpler controller for velocity tracking can he desioned. We found that electrons are transferred from outer tube to the inner tube with charge transfer density of 0.002 e/Å. The same table li\ts the values of several parameters. The low-end cut off of the transfer function is -25.7dBu 40mV and the highend attenuation point is -7.7dBu 320mV. The behavior controllers are feedforward controllers which output the original trajectories expressed by the cubic spline function shown in Fig. Let us first write the transfer function of the system dynamics for motor position θ as input and link position q as output. Therefore  , it may be true that within low frequency range  , for example until the natural frequency  , the estimated force can become a good approximate value. Once the SFL system has been nondimensionalized  , a nondimensional controller can be designed to meet the nondimensional performance specifications. This board has DMA function that transfer data at once 128~11 x l6bit ,s Table 1shows specifications of the board. Such a technique can be extended to more complex situations with larger number of unknown parameters and system states. This is the property we desire in order to make the actuator very insensitive to position inputs. shows an example of the impedance for the same values used in the closed loop forward transfer function in figure 4and equation 13. We show that we can calculate the transfer function using the max-plus approach  , which seems to be more useful for large systems. The developed ER damper is attached to the arm joint. Where Qd is the continuously differentiable bounded desired trajectory and Fs is any relative order one  , strictly proper exponentially stable transfer function. Simulation results are plotted in Figures 7-11. The transfer function provides a mapping from an initial orientation of the part to a final orientation of the part for each grasping action. Thus  , accurate current-based output models are difficult to develop  , and more importantly  , to invert for torque control schema. The transfer function of the LRC circuit and the resonance frequency fhyd of it is expressed by Besides the computed hydraulic resistance of the channel  , the sensor also consists of hydraulic capacities Chyd and hydraulic inertance Lhyd. To that end  , a transfer function approach to the open loop dynamics of the translating foil was presented. The planner generates this path by performing a bestfirst search of the connected component using a simple distance function. To overcome these modeling difficulties  , we performed system identification on the manipulator to determine an accurate transfer function for free and constrained motions. The full-order observer is designed so as not to significantly alter the dynamics of the closed-loop system. In a real teleoperation system it would also had in series the dynamic of the slave arm. Thus the complexity in the control design due t o the non-minimum phase dynamics typical of flexible structures is eliminated. Since the first and the second mode are in-phase mode shaped  , the phase lag at the first and the second resonance are less than -180 deg. The transfer function with impedance casuality: importance of admittance causality is clear when considering virtual environments such as rigid body simulations . It has been shown that the resulting transfer function does not suffer from open RHP zeros. The zero dynamics arising from the suggested measurement were shown to be stable. One simple classical compensation method is to create a dominant pole in the loop transfer function Roberge  , 1975. in open loop mode  , the response should be very underdamped since k~ may be high for a stiff environment. The experiments were run under similar conditions of load  , speed and temperature  , of a single ultrasonic motor. The difficulty in any controller design is proper modeling of the plant to be controlled. A detailed discussion can be found in If the load is negligible the actuator dynamics transfer function becomes A brief discussion on EH servo system operation modeling is iven. The Regular Input/Output Decoupling Problem DP is solved  , z.e. The example below is an excerpt from 27 which has been modified to yield an unstable nominal system. Reference 22 proposed the controller synthesis approach to guarantee the closed-loop transfer function is strictly positive. Thus  , increasing n increases the importance of achieving good transfer efficiency. The control system in Figure 6was used to induce step inputs and measure the robot joint's dynamic response at each temperature state. To handle our real k-gram vectors  , we first transfer each real-valued weight to a binary vector as suggested by Gionis et al. This output has maxiniuni relative degree equal to the state space We sliow this using tlie niodel 11-12. The observed signals are divided in time into overlapping frames by the application of a window function and analyzed using the short-time Fourier transform STFT. There is some positive transfer between the initial learning and performance with the new reward function: the initial cost is lower and the ultimate performance is slightly better with pretraining. Several simplified systems were used to study the effect of hysteresis  , for example  , a constant force was subtracted to account for the effect of damping and friction but the best results as far as matching the experimental data were given by the transfer function: Hysteresis: Similar to friction and damping  , a simplified model of the hysteresis was used and the describing function computed. A closer look at the transfer function T shows that it has two zeroes at FO  , and can be well approximated b\s the following expression: As there is an intersection of the plot with the negative real axis  , the method of the describing function predicts the oscillation. In order to obtain a generic model  , the fiizzy relationships can be defined  , and the output can be writ ,ten as a generic sigmoid function f= I+e-Lz+B  , where Q determines the degree of fuzziness  , arid  ,8 deterniines the threshoid level. In Figure 2we examine the accuracy and convergence of information transfer estimates as a function of time both with and without bias correction. Transfer of control from a menu to a function is specified by evaluation of a mapping whose evaluation represents execution of the function and whose value represents the state in which the system returns to the menu. One of the importance functions we consider in this paper is a decaying function  , where queries earlier in a user's context are considered less important than more recent queries. While coupled  , or MIMO  , controllers have an inherently greater potential for being able to uncouple a coupled system they have several potential disadvantages  , including computational complexity and they do not lend themselves to modularity. As a reminder  , the neural net output function for the ith sample is described using the transfer function of each node in the jth layer of the nodes  , g j   , and the weights w ji kn on the connections between the nodes in different layers with the corresponding offsets b ji kn . Consider the pie-shaped part Fig.3 whose initial orientation is unknown. All of the subsystem commands developed for the generic MI were implemented with C++ functions and all data transfer and data conversions are handled by Orbix. Every block traveled adds one unit to the cost function  , and each transfer contributes four units but takes a negligible time to execute. The constant time function 0 indeed models that the transfer of commodities from the virtual source node to each node in V is instantaneous. If the transfer function is represented in the frequency domain as the closed-loop transfer funcl ion  , Hs  , from the exogenous inputs to the regulated outputs  , is obtained as: If the system performance can be represented by functions in terms of Hs  , multiple specific ,ltions for the system are formulated in a uniform format. Also  , these well-known specifications such as overshoot  , peak time  , and tracking error  , etc. Two types of transfer are possible:  from one traditional function to another  , for example  , the number of employees working in distribution will be potentially increased by incoming personnel from the sales department;  from traditional work functions to new ones  , for example to positions related to the management and operation of the electronic environment e.g. Responsible digital curation is much more than preservation of bits. In particular  , Vidyasagar presented a transfer function of the flexible heam based on the Euler-Bernoulli model that has the nice property to be passive  To evaluate the performance of different architectures including the behavior of the operator  , it is common to use a group of people working on a certain task 2224. In order to get a smooth output and the less settling time  , we consider that the transfer functions matrix relative to the designed output is given by: The objective of this method is to calculate the closed loop transfer function matrix which minimise the integral squared error between the output of the robotic subsystem and a desired output @d. Of course  , the controller depends on the desired output. It was also shown in 7 that for any given values of hub inertia atnd beam inertia  , a passive transfer function can be obtained by using a properly weighted reflection of the tip position as the output. The meaning of the data-transfer cost-function C T t  , g 1   , g 2  is relative to the current execution site: when g 1 is the current execution site and g 2 is a remote execution site  , the function result represents the cost of sending the parameter data from the current site remotely; conversely when g 1 is a remote execution site and g 2 is the current execution site the function result represents the cost for the current execution site to receive the parameters data. The t's necessary to generate a parser's time-formula may be chosen interactively using a variant of Kirchhoff's law 9 which is applicable to grammar rules. Once the frequency responses of the impedance felt by the operator and the stiffness of the environment had been determined  , the magnitude of the frequency response of the transparency transfer function was calculated by taking the ratio of the magnitude of the impedance felt by the operator to the magnitude of the environment stiffness at each particular frequency using the equation: This approach to frequency-based stiffness identification was implemented through the Spectrum function in MATLAB The Mathworks  , Inc. Logging occurs by means of the LOG function line 8  , where the first argument is the new error encountered  , which is linked to the second argument  , that represents the previous error value. Here the upper indices index the node layer  , and the lower indices index the nodes within each corresponding layer. This reward function gives relatively more priority to reducing the distance to the goal than to reducing the size of the command  , and the robot will apply larger torques to reduce the distance to the goal more quickly. The first two rules generate the predicate concepts corresponding to preconditions prec from a SPM  , where the function gc : T → CONC is used to generate the concept corresponding to a given term and the function gcc : PR CC → CONC is used to generate the concept corresponding to a given precondition predicate: The developed rules use the ← r operator to denote set reunion and the ← a operator to denote a value transfer. In the Item Constraint   , a similarity function is needed to measure the similarity of two items. Control then passes to the host partition with the message: FunctionCall INITIALIZEGLOBALS NIL. Secondly  , when each design team turned to the problem of realizing their switching or transfer function or state table  , there would be many more analytical techniques at their disposal. In addition  , complete identification of the system transfer function is not needed; it suffices to estimate the varying parameters. We point out some design constraints on the configuration of the coils and the permanent magnets  , and discuss briefly calibration and accuracy of the motor. First  , the compensating signal which counterbalances the influence of friction force and parameter change is generated using an idea of disturbance observer . The transfer function relates the joint position in radians to the command signal in counts with a 12-bit D/A board. make the response of the motor position much faster than the response of the tip position control loop outer loop in Figure 1. described in the previous section and closing the outer loop by a PID controller Es  , the following transfer function can be derived: 2 Beyond the torque capacity of 150mN m  , the hybrid actuation is associated with saturation in position control bandwidth at a certain frequency due to the time constant of joint and muscle dynamics. Although the main intended application of the apparatus is for in vivo experiments in physiology and for microsurgery  , in this phase we elected not to make tests with animals for ethical reasons. In the line of thought of this paper  , we would like to determine a discrete subset of configurations  , and a basic action which defines a transfer function for the subset of configurations. The strain gage output data were sampled at 20 kHz digitally using an IBM PC/XT with a METRABYTE Dash-16 data acquisition hardware. Since the controller gives a new degree of freedom to modify the transfer functions GI and G2 independently  , this is called a two degrees of freedom 2DOF controller. This function is accomplished by using the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol SMTP. The likely cause for this disagreement is due to the inaccurate modeling of the human arm dynamics  , E  , and the human sensitivity transfer function  , sh. Note that the amplifier dynamics can be reasonably modeled by a constant delay time as long as the lowest frequency poles and zeros are above the driving frequencies of interest. The Coupling Matrix Q is a function of the manipulator's configuration and is a measure of the system's sensitivity to the transfer of vibrational energy to its supporting structure. The model is geometrically scalable and represented in a form of infinitedimensional transfer function relating the bending displacement wz  , s of IPMC beam to the voltage input V s. Chen and Tan recently derived a control-oriented yet physics-based model for IPMC actuators 14. Given an initial series of computation to construct ξ ij and a starting covariance Λ 0 = Λ s i as an input parameter  , repeated queries of the effect of a series of controls and observations can be calculated efficiently. The paper comprises three major sections  , each dealing with one of the dynamic effects mentioned above. Figure 6shows the measured and fitted transfer function from motor to camera position  , lated response of the motor position and the camera position respectively. The effects of the environmental changes combine to produce a transfer function for the overall system which is constantly varying depending on the task being performed. At last Spliced fiber is reinforced by the reinforcing membersFig.8 and it is brought out. As shown in fig.8  , the method of the force controller design based on the frequency characteristics using the impedance parameters is effective for the suppression of the disturbance. An integral control term also serves to eliminate the presence of an algebraic loop in the closed-loop transfer function. In contrast  , the positional error of the developed micro transfer arm is represented in a simple form as a function of only arm length. is the projector to screen intensity transfer function  , A is the ambient light contribution which is assumed to be time invariant  , When occluders obstruct the paths of the light rays from some of the projectors to the screen  , 2  , diminishes and shadows occur. Some drawbacks of the identification of single flexible link manipulators using ARMA type models have been previously reported 4  , 51. For the 5-bar linkage robot with only horizontal vibrations  , described in 27   , it has been shown that  , assuming no damping  , the transfer function from the base motor torque to reflected output is passive27. Thus  , by the Passivity theorem  , a P D controller can provide very good vibration control. We selected a 3rd- order Go so that the output of the controller is continuous. The transfer function fp for a path p in the ICFG is the composition of the functions for the nodes and the interprocedural edges on the path. A digitized mono audio stream can be convoluted with an artificial HRTF to create a stereo audio stream that reproduces the timing  , frequency and spectral effects of a genuine spatial sound source. Variable δ ctxt is the context of review r as defined for polarity  , and we use the same transfer function from Equation 5 to connect δ ctxt to the rank-based measures of global and local context. components  , the BASL specification for each selected AI is retrieved from the abstraction library and compiled into a Java class that implements the AI's abstraction function and abstract operations. A single cost function has to be found that combines the costs of dgebraic operations and the transfer of data between subsequent operations in a unique fashion. For perfect transparency  , the transmitted impedance should be the same as the environment impedance. Figure 6shows the Nyquist plot of the three different rotary joint plant models representing the nominal plant described by the transfer function of Eq. There is a great subclass of timed Petri nets  , called timed event graphs  , which can be formalised in the max algebra in the form of the state equation. The servo control was implemented by integrating a high speed low resolution vision system with the cell controller  , and it was applied simultaneously with a tension servo control. The experimental setup included all components of the control system because we wanted to find the transfer function of the entire control system.   , the discrete transfer function of the simplified controller can be written as  on the horizontal air table with minimal friction. For any basic action for inside-out grasping  , we woiild like to show that the corresponding transfer function is monotonic. This way we can assume that the whole robot structure has the equivalent transfer function 9 for every given position an for each motor at a time. However  , it has been shown by Spector and Flashner 9 that with noncollocated measurements such as tip position  , the resulting transfer function is non-minimum phase in character. The control design problem is to find a rational transfer function G ,s that meets the requirement 7 and guarantees asymptotic and contact stability. The 2-inertia system in F i g 5 can be expressed with an equivalent block diagram in Fig.6: Transfer function description of Fig.5where Figure 5shows a block diagram of a one-link robot arm which consists of a moter  , an arm and an ER damper. This conclusion is consistent with the phase-plane charts  , that revealed low frequency drifts  , while Finally  , we analise the influence of the excitation upon the fractional order transfer function. For example  , producible impact force is input  , a safety strategy is a factor  , its danger index is transfer function  , and injury to a human is output. The motivations of demote operation is as follows: making those queries that the evaluation function classifies as future cache hits stay in the cache longer. Figure  12shows the experimental set-up for measurement of S. The rotating mass exerts a centerifugal sinusoidal force on the tool bit. Simulated responses of the experimental setup to 20 N disturbance force stcp are shown in Fig. This leads to the assumption of a constant transfer function for H at low frequencies where contact forces are small for all values of hand controller position. Figure 8 shows the predicted response of the subject using the transfer function model defined in 17  , where the measured controlled signal ys of the practised operator and the predicted signal are shown. In order to transfer the knowledge smoor;hly  , the state spaces in both the previous and current stages should be consistent with each other. Atkeson and Schaal 11 describe work in which a reward function and a model for a task are learned by observing a human demonstratc thc task. The control law that implements the deiired impedance of the master arm can be obtained by solving for the acceleration in and substituting it into the master arm dynamics. The problem with this implementation is that it generates a steady state . In order to test the effectiveness of the impedance controller with a single d.0.f. However  , due to the presence of random noise in the measurement  , the result of the transfer function was not exactly the same for each task. Note that the sign of effort and flow variables has been chosen such that the effort is forcing the flow inside the system . The reflected output is the rigid joint position minus the elastic deflection of the tip of the flexible link32. Other types of kinematic correspondence between the master and slave can be realized by setting the proper transfer function G. A perfect rate control of a teleoperator system It is clear that transparent position control can be achieved by using where k is a scale factor. For a high performance system with an end-effector mounted camera  , mechanical vibration in the structure will be part of the overall closed-loop transfer function. Results for this example system have sliowii that  , practically speaking  , a n y class of desired hacking trajectory t.hat. Therefore  , the positional error can be clearly evaluated wherever the end of the arm is located in the workspace. One can design a positioning compensator to develop a tracklng system such that the closed-loop system IS always robust to the bounded uncertalnties In the open loop dynamlcs of the robot. The mutual exclusion relation is simply the diagonal set of Σ 0 × Σ 0   , meaning that different events in Σ 0 could fire simultaneously. The manufacturing system considered in this paper consists of two cells linked together by a material system composed of two buffers A and B and a conveyor. The interaural transfer function ITF ˆ I is defined by the ratio between the left-and right-HRTF: The HRTFs are mainly determined by the shape of the head  , pinna and torso of the listener  , e.g  , the robot-mounted dummy-head in our case. Different mechanisms exist  , of which ASML uses the explicit control-flow transfer variant: if a root error is encountered  , the error variable is assigned a constant see lines 6 − 9  , the function logs the error  , stops executing its normal behaviour  , and notifies its caller of the error. In this case  , the error is the difference between the setpoint and the measured value and the control signal is the dimmer value in the next time interval. Equation 14 shows that the plant transfer function is a fourth order system with an integral term. It may be noted that this is all that is necessary to compute the transfer function. At frequencies greater than 4 mHz the transfer function phase is close to 180 degrees  , thus making the shaping state estimate out of phase with the input observation. It is interesting to observe the robustness of the system to errors in estimated sensor noise variance. Tables 3 and 4 present the achieved results for transfer and copy CPs by running our method using the local ranking function. sign that we chose to undertake when the leg phase alternates between support and transfer. To validate our modeling efforts  , the magnitude of the transfer function from the torque wheel voltage input to the accelerometer voltage output   , with the hub PD loop active  , is shown in Fig. S is called the sensitivity transfer function  , and it maps the external forces to the hand controller position. For measurement of the sensitivity transfer function matrix  , the input excitation uas supplied by the rotation of an eccentric mass mounted on the tool bit. Using this AXdiand the transfer function matrix Gi which we design in previous section  , the i-th follower can estimate the desired trajectory of the i-th virtual leader. The model transfer function SM mapping from V m to ufl so as to shape the environment compliance reflected to the local site is chosen as follows: Thus where 2 1   , =  Kum  Since no distinction has been made between free motion and constrained motion  , the controller Ku has designed so as to track vs to w  , in advance. In this paper a set of operator models .was generated. The elbow joint is analyzed exclusively in the following discussion because it was representative of the procedure used for all of the Schilling Titan I1 joints and it exhibited the most severe control challenges. These problems have led to the search for alternative noncollocated measurements. The block diagram of this control system is illustrated in Figure 6. The fulfillment of the second objective allows us to substitute the inner loop by an equivalent block whose transfer function is approximately equal to one  , i.e. After compensating for the friction and coupling torque  , the transfer function between the angle of the motor and the current is given by This is done by adding  , to the control current  , the current equivalent to these torques and is given by where C is the stiffness of the arm. In the heat exchanger assembly  , the z axis of robot motion is independently controlled with a constant velocity command  , which causes no instability  , while the x axis is controlled by position controller where the reference input  , i.e. Heat transfer and temperature distributions during welding are complex and a solution to the equations is dependent on the thermal conductivity  , specific heat and density of the mass as a function of temperature. 7should be inserted as closely as possible to the desired point of force measurement. The max-plus model used for the computation of the first component of the transfer function matrix comes from the marking of the Petri net at time zero  , w l c h has been already described We need 10 initial conditions to determine the evolution of the net. Computing a spatial path that achieves these objectives analytically demands the knowledge of a deposition rate function that provides a relationship between the spatial location of the applicator with the spray gun and film accumulation on the surface. The electrothermal actuators used in the AFAM can be represented by a first order transfer function 13 with a typical thermal bandwidth of 50Hz. The first mode of the beam was estimated in real-time utilizing the Empirical Transfer Function Estimator ETFE 17. It is possible t o parametrize all the compensators that stabilize the plant P using the following theorem. The %bust Perfornlance Problem RPP 20 is solved  , c.e. However  , it is at the cost of the system stability robustness with respect to the ununiform plant model perturbation in high frequency subhands. Most proposed teleoperation modeling works adopt the term F * e to represent the environment internal force as shown in Fig. The control of a flexible link based on its passive transfer function is just like the control of a rigid link even though the sensor and the actuator are located at different positions along the link. A summary of the hydrodynamic models developed by von K a r m h and Sears  , and Lighthill has been presented and has been applied to the investigation of elastic energy storage in a harmonically oscillating foil in a free stream. The transfer function of the control system developed from the Eitelberg's method shown in Fig. Unfortunately  , to use Popov's stability theory  , one must construct a strict positive real system transfer function matrix  , but this is a very tedious work. Hydraulic position control loop design shown in Figure 4. fitted two human gait motion law   , according to structural dimensions of the knee joint bones to calculate the hydraulic cylinder piston rod desired position Yexp. It was especially mentioned that robots  , which are indistinguishable from humans  , might cause problems due to a transfer of emotions towards them. " Furthermore  , the XSLT function library  , which is part of SCX  , allows for convenient navigation of the relationships between schema component  , for example traversal of the type hierarchy. Unless specified otherwise  , for illustration purposes  , in each of the experiments  , the actual query load is a batch of b = 20 queries web session identification. To tackle this issue  , we resort to a technique called surrogate modeling or optimization transfer  , which approximates the original objective using a majorization/minorization function that is analytically or numerically efficient to compute. The block diagram and associated documents would contain various "summary" design specifications such as transfer functions  , switching functions   , state tables  , apportioned sybsystem reliability goals  , etc. Therefore  , if the revolution of one roller is reduced some obstacle or problem  , the revolution of one of the other rollers is increased by the function of the differential gear  , and we can correctly transfer the motor power to the endoscope. Using the developed scaling laws 12  , the controller transfer function 11s scaled and applied to both of the dimensional SFL systems described at the beginning of the section. In a recent paper a virtual angle of rotation is suggested as an alternative output 6  and it is shown that the zerodynamics of the system arising from this output is stable. This paper is focused on estimating the joint stiffness which is the major source of flexibility in many applications . 3 taking its Laplace Transform as follows: 4 we can express the angular position of the motor shaft related with the aneular disulacement of the rollers: that is  , afterwards  , the transfer function of the scrollic gripper relating the applied voltage to the angular displacement of the rollers. Hence  , similar to the basic push action 7  , 111  , the basic pull action serves as a basis for a transfer function for a part feeder which uses pull operations to orient parts to a unique final orientation. In practice  , sufficient transparency would be such that the magnitude of the transparency transfer function GI is unity and the phase is zero within a bandwidth larger than the sensory and motor bandwidth of the operator. Since the highest working bandwidth of the system is below 100 Hz  , a transfer function of a model of the input-output torque based on the experimental data between O-LOOHz is identified. The service activation and execution function report costs only when the execution site referred in the grounding parameter of the functions is the current execution site. The data-transfer cost function reports costs only when one of the two execution sites involved in the link is the current site and the other site involved in the link is a remote site. We consider these cost values as edge weights  , and therefore the Dijkstra's search can be applied to find a trajectory with the smallest cost-to-go. For example  , environmental changes might include: the variation in inclination of the axis with respect to gravity; varying reflected inertia as a result of payload changes; externally applied forces; etc. For a robot a significant proportion of the environmental changes are known and can be predicted in advance from the task program which the user defines via the supervisory computer. These constraints are called QFT bounds and are usually shown on the Nichols chart 12 . The basic mathematical models of both photo and acceleration sensors are simply a 2 Focusing on the acceleration sensor  , using parameters inferred the datasheet for accelerometer ADLXSO provided by Analog Devices 2. Although equation 3 represents a transfer function for the extender position  , the extender is still under velocity control. In this sense  , we can represent the transfer function of the block force  , the internal force due to the interaction with the human arm  , the desired master arm inertia  , and the damping parameters respectively. Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. Notice that the control input is significantly smoother than the one in Fig. Now K stands for the equivalent stiffness of the whole structure and L becomes equivalent to the radial coordinate of the tip. That is  , first  , the open loop transfer function G , ,Note that the travel  , traverse  , and hoist motions of the crane can be independently controlled using the position servo controller 15. The fuzzy-logic controller is adopted as an anti-swing controller. was implemented using the real-time software developed by Christini and Culianu 26 The system is stable  , so exponential weighting is nei­ ther required nor used. Example 1 PI controllers with integrity: Consider a stable TITO plant G with the transfer function V. EXAMPLES For clarity  , we begin with an example of design of a set of box-like stabilizing Proportional-Integral PI controllers with integrity for a TITO system. A final orientation of a part is a stable orientation where at least one edge of the part is aligned with the gripper when fully grasped with a frictionless parallel jaw gripper. Noting that the transfer function in 0-space between applied torques and resulting accelerations is nearly diagonal  , we treat the system as though it  , is two decoupled  , second order systems. the transfer functions of the PMBLDC motor  , drive  , speed and current controllers respectively. As previously  , we define a transfer function between the inter distance and the additional risk. Besides the reference and value dependency sets in this table  , the static types of these values should also be calculated as defined in the language specifications. After circuit equivalent treatment  , hydraulic cylinders  , the equivalent position of the transfer function expressed as: Through to the piston rod position control   , the actual angle of rotation and knee expected change when human leg gait movement keep consistent to achieve the purpose of humanmachine coordination. The first layer input layer only consists of weights and each neuron is associated to one input variable of the dataset. The first term corresponds to costdata|model  , which are the cost to transfer the labels of each continuous point  , and the rest corresponds to penaltymodel  , which describes the coding book of labels and necessary delimiters. However  , since participation is symmetric in δ ctxt   , we use its absolute value. For example  , in the above online banking system  , assume that after aspectization  , a new function transfer is added and also has locking  , i.e. Privileged statements modify the value of a passed tainted data and/or derive new instances of tainted data. In standard industrial practice  , the information for the automatic cycle of a high volume transfer line is represented by a " timing bar chart " . The key idea in the formulation  , therefore   , is to describe the relationship of the beginning and completion times of an operation with those of the previous and subsequent operations. The simplest forward transfer-function matrix to achieve these objectives is where IC = diag ,{k ,} is a constant nxn matrix to be determined . Experimental results were obtained using a five-bar robot5 with one of the side joints locked to simulate a single flexible link with a shoulder joint. Assuming perfect transfer from spring storage into kinetic energy  , the impact may be modeled as follows: the hip for natural pitch stability. These discontinuities in the past caused large control impulses to the system. The function of the mapping transitions is to transfer the token' s color c  , to a predefmed color cz  , i.e. The other enabling and firing rules of the mapping transitions are the same as the ordinary transitions. Based on several experiments  , the best estimates for the author's hand sensitivity is presented by equation 7. We here design an observer to estimate higher-order derivatives of the actual object position X   , . The simulated camera position is quite oscillatory  , but the motor position curve D is only slightly different to the multi-rate simulation without mechanical dynamics curve C. Figure 6shows the measured and fitted transfer function from motor to camera position  , lated response of the motor position and the camera position respectively. Under the time delay of T   , moreover  , this system promises to produce the goal response of the system z ,t -T without affecting system stability in a delay-free environment. While this order is good for reducing transfer time  , it is preferable to fetch fragments in their storage order when the goal is to reduce seek cost. While there is still a hope that an elegaut combined solution cau be found  , we have decided to follow the classical separate approach.