However  , this optimization can lead to starvation of certain types of transactions. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with single-point contact. to increase efficiency or the field's yield  , in economic or environmental terms. The optimization problem presented in Section II is strongly limited by local mimima see Section IV-B for examples. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. It combines a global combinatorial optimization in the position space with a local dynamic optimization to yield the global optimal path. For some scenarios  , our strategies yield provably optimal plans; for others the strategies are heuristic ones. Otherwise  , the resulting plans may yield erroneous results. The carry-over optimization can yield substantial reductionq in the number of lock requests per transaction . The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with two-point contact. Why this popular approach does not often yield the least deviation is explained by example. The optimization yields the optimal path and exploits the available kinematic and actuator redundancy to yield optimal joint trajectories and actuator forces/torques. Other  , more sophisticated IBT approaches using the maximum subsequence optimization may still yield improvement  , but we leave this as future work. In this paper  , only triangular membership functions are coded for optimization. Since this type of predictions involve larger temporal horizons and needs to use both the controller organization and modalities  , it may yield larger errors. In 5 some numeric values for the components of the joint axis vectors and distance vectors to the manipulator tip were found  , for whiclr the Jacobian matrices have condition numbers of 1. However  , they become computationally expensive for large manufacturing lines i.e. ii it discards immediately irrelevant tuples. The original query is transformed into syntactically different  , but semantically equivalent t queries  , which may possibly yield a more efficient execution planS. The recursive optimization techniques  , when applied to small manufacturing lines  , yield the solution with reasonable computational effort. Many optimization methods were also developed for group elevator scheduling. Reusing existing GROUP BY optimization logic can yield an efficient PIVOT implementation without significant changes to existing code. As a consequence  , for a given problem the rule-based optimization always yield to the same set of solutions. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. This gives the opportunity of performing an individual  , " customized " optimization for both streams. In our case online position estimates of the mapping car can be refined by offline optimization methods Thrun and Montemerlo  , 2005 to yield position accuracy below 0.15 m  , or with a similar accuracy onboard the car by localizing with a map constructed from the offline optimization. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. 2 Performance stability: Caret-optimized classifiers are at least as stable as classifiers that are trained using the default settings. Finally  , we would like to emphasize that we do not seek to claim the generalization of our results. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. Some of them suppose a particular geometry planar or with three intersecting axes  , others a fixed kinematic joint type or general mobilities  or even no constraints in the optimization no obstacle avoidance for instance. The primary advantage over the implicit integration method of Anitescu and Potra is the lower running time that such alternative methods can yield  , as the results in Table Ican testify. The method is based on looking at the kinematic parameters of a manipulator as the variables in the problem  , and using methods of constrained optimization to yield a solution. This method consists of a hierarchical search for the best path in a tessellated space  , which is used as the initial conditions for a local path optimization to yield the global optimal path. However  , this requires that the environment appropriately associate branch counts and other information with the source or that all experiments that yield that information be redone each time the source changes. Further research into query optimization techniques for Ad-Hoc search would be fruitful: this would also require an investigation into the trade offs with respect to effectiveness and efficiency found with such techniques. While this method works for relatively low degree-of-freedom manipulators  , there is a 'cross over' point beyond which the problem becomes overdetermined   , and an exact solution cannot be guaranteed. These benefits include verification of architectural constraints on component compositions  , and increased opporttmities for optimization between components. In addition  , applications that use these services do not have the ability to pick and choose optional features  , though new optimization techniques may remove unused code from the application after the fact 35. Moreover  , a fixed point for each motion primitive By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. Then we use: The same optimization except for the absorption of new would yield a structuring scheme which creates objects only for lm aliases. This is an important optimization since indeed the volumes in each time interval yield a sparse vector. They are more suitable for real-time control in a sensor-based control environment. In order to verify that the optimization results do indeed yield a gear box mechanism that produces in-phase flapping that is maintained even during asymmetric wing motion  , a kinematic evaluation was conducted by computational simulation and verified by experiment. Now  , the optimization problem reduces to estimating the coefficients by maximizing the log-posterior which is the sum of the log-likelihood Eq. It eliminates the main weakness of the NRSU-transformation: it works even when input arguments are variables  , not constants   , and hence it can be applied to far more calls in deductive database programs. Subsequent optimization steps then work on smaller subsets of the data Below  , we briefly discuss the CGLS and Line search procedures. The final results show Q2 being used for root-finding instead of optimization. By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. The multitask case was thought to be more demanding because more obstacles and paths must be accommodated using the same  , limited parameter space that was used individual task optimization  , meaning that the number of well fit solutions should decrease markedly. Since optimization of queries is expensive   , it is appropriate that we eliminate queries that are not promising  , i.e. The following table lists all combinations of metric and distance-combining function and indicates whether a precomputational scheme is available ++  , or  , alternatively   , whether early abort of distance combination is expected to yield significant cost reduction +: distance-combining func But IO-costs dominate with such queries  , and the effect of the optimization is limited. However  , to increase opportunities for optimization   , all AQ i are combined into one audit query AQ whose output is a set of query identifiers corresponding to those AQ i that yield non-empty results. In contrast  , last criterion   , which is typical of schemes generally seen in the robotics literature  , yields analytical expressions for the trajectory and locally-optimal solutions for joint rates and actuator forces. Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. Autonomic computing is a grand challenge  , requiring advances in several fields of science and technology  , particularly systems  , software architecture and engineering  , human-system interfaces  , policy  , modeling  , optimization  , and many branches of artificial intelligence such as planning  , learning  , knowledge representation and reasoning  , multiagent systems  , negotiation  , and emergent behavior. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantial benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. The rationale of using M codebooks instead of single codebook to approximate each input datum is to further minimize quantization error  , as the latter is shown to yield significantly lossy compression and incur evident performance drop 30  , 3. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantially benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. the necessary hard constraints have been applied to yield a feasible solution space defined on the PCM  , any path on the PCM  , from the point corresponding to the initial position of the robot to a point on the T G S   , will give rise to a valid solution for the interception problem. will not yield an autonomic computing system unless the elements share a set of common behaviors  , interfaces and interaction patterns that are demonstrably capable of engendering system-level selfmanagement . while the one based on the second strategy is  The first function counts  , for all entries considered as possible duplicates  , the ones that are indeed duplicates. These properties are considered as random influence. The requirement for random access can be accommodated with conventional indexing or hashing methods. One method  , the VP-tree 36  , partitions the data space into spherical cuts by selecting random reference points from the data. With regard to the unexpectedness of the highly relevant results relevancy>=4 Random indexing outperforms the other systems  , however hyProximity offers a slightly more unexpected suggestions if we consider only the most relevant results relevan- cy=5. It offers a scalable approach to the construction of document signatures by applying random indexing 30  , or random projections 3 and numeric quantization. Random " subsequent queries are submitted to the library  , and the retrieved documents are collected. Recently  , several approaches have been developed for selecting references for reference-based indexing 11  , 17. bound3 is the bound obtained using a random point rand inside the hull. 9 proposed a block-based index to improve retrieval speed by reducing random accesses to posting lists. The key of most techniques is to exploit random projection to tackle the curse of dimensionality issue  , such as Locality-Sensitive Hashing LSH 20   , a very well-known and highly successful technique in this area. Finally  , comparing the different reaulta for 11 and A1 in table -4  , it can be aeen that indexing A1 provides better retrieval results than 11. weight 0 random ord. Hence  , in the DocSpace the similarity between documents is computed by the traditional cosine similarity. Users also indicated that Random Indexing provided more general suggestions  , while those provided by hyProximity were more granular. To simulate the distributed environment  , the documents were allocated into 32 different databases using a random allocator with replication. While hyProximity scores best considering the general relevance of suggestions in isolation  , Random Indexing scores best in terms of unexpectedness. This demonstrates the real ability of Linked Data-based systems to provide the user with valuable relevant concepts. With regard to recall  , Random Indexing outperforms the other approaches for 200 top-ranked suggestions. Our indexing structure simply consists of l such LSH Trees  , each constructed with an independently drawn random sequence of hash functions from H. We call this collection of l trees the LSH Forest. The two most important exceptions that require special attention are historical data support and geometric modellii. HyProximity measures improve the baseline across all performance measures  , while Random indexing improves it only with regard to recall and F-measure for less than 200 suggestions. Then  , the distribution of the scores of all documents in a library is modelled by the random variable To derive the document score distribution in step 2  , we can view the indexing weights of term t in all documents in a library as a random variable X t . It is especially useful in cases when it is possible to consider a large number of suggestions which include false positives -such as the case when the keyword suggestions are used for expert crawling. It seems clear that patlems occurring in random indexing can be profitably exploited  , and surprisingly quickly. To build the DocSpace  , Semantic Vectors rely on a technique called Random Indexing 4  , which performs a matrix reduction of the term-document matrix. The gold standard-based evaluation reveals a superior performance of hyProximity in cases where precision is preferred; Random Indexing performed better in case of recall. The shakwat group University of Paris 8 experimented with a random-walk approach using a space built using semantic indexing  , and containing the blog posts  , as well as the headlines  , in a window around the date of the topic. Those models are based on the Harris Harris  , 1968 distributional hypothesis  , which states that words that appear in similar context have similar meanings. For the chosen innovation problem  , the evaluators were presented with the lists of 30 top-ranked suggestions generated by ad- Words  , hyProximity mixed approach and Random Indexing. saving all the required random edge-sets together during a single scan over the edges of the web graph. On the 99-node cluster  , indexing time for the first English segment of the ClueWeb09 collection ∼50 million pages was 145 minutes averaged over three trials; the fastest and slowest running times differed by less than 10 minutes. Details of these datasets appear in Appendix A. The Semantic space method we use in the context of the Blog-Track'09 is Random Indexing RI  , which is not a typical method in the family of Semantic space methods. This representation is finally translated into a binary image signature using random indexing for efficient retrieval. The significance of differences is confirmed by the T-test for paired values for each two methods p<0.05. We then asked them to rate the relevancy and unexpectedness of suggestions using the above described scales. According to the preference towards more general or more specific concepts  , it is therefore possible to advise the user with regard to which of the two methods is more suitable for the specific use case. We used Random Indexing 6  to build distributional semantic representations i.e. The difference in unexpectedness is significant only in the case of Random Indexing vs. baseline. In addition  , our user study evaluation confirmed the superior performance of Linked Data-based approaches both in terms of relevance and unexpectedness. We took great care to match the SHORE/C++ implementation as closely as possible  , including using the same C library random number generator and initializing it with the same seed so as to generate the same sequence of random numbers used to build the OO7 benchmark database and to drive the benchmark traversals. Query type Q1 of the QUERY test represents a sequence of random proximity queries details below. We present two Linked Data-based methods: 1 a structure-based similarity based solely on exploration of the semantics defined concepts and relations in an RDF graph  , 2 a statistical semantics method  , Random Indexing  , applied to the RDF in order to calculate a structure-based statistical semantics similarity. We tested the differences in relevance for all methods using the paired T-test over subjects individual means  , and the tests indicated that the difference in relevance between each pair is significant p <0.05. Therefore  , starting with S1 document removal  , we began by indexing a random selection of 10% of the documents from the document collection. We show later that the ALSH derived from minhash  , which we call asymmetric minwise hashing MH-ALSH  , is more suitable for indexing set intersection for sparse binary vectors than the existing ALSHs for general inner products. In general  , our methods start from a set of Initial/seed Concepts IC  , and provide a ranked list of suggested concepts relevant to IC. Commercial systems like AltaVista Image Search only index the easy-to-see image captions like text-replacement  " ALT "  strings  , achieving good precision accuracy in the images they retrieve but poor recall thoroughness in finding relevant images. For instance  , in a sample of 38720 documents drawn at random from the Online Public Access Catalogue OPAC of the Universitätsbibliothek at Karlsruhe University TH  , 11594 approximately 30% had no keyword  , although the library has the reputation for having the best catalogue in Germany. The first method called hyProximity  , is a structure-based similarity which explores different strategies based on the semantics inherent in an RDF graph  , while the second one  , Random Indexing  , applies a well-known statistical semantics from Information Retrieval to RDF  , in order to identify the relevant set of both direct and lateral topics. As the baseline we use the state of the art adWords keyword recommender from Google that finds similar topics based on their distribution in textual corpora and the corpora of search queries. We rst describe  , in the next section  , how collection indexing was performed. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. A combination of the downhill simplex method and simulated annealing 9 was used. Through repetitively replacing bad vertices with better points the simplex moves downhill. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. We used the simplex downhill method Nelder and Mead 1965 for the minimization. If the temperature T is reduced slowly enough  , the downhill Simplex method shrinks into the region containing the lowest minimum value. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. Downhill Simplex method approximates the size of the region that can be reached at temperature T  , and it samples new points. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. As a downhill simplex method  , an initial guess of the intrinsic camera parameters is required for further calculation . This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. Then  , the intensity p 0 was estimated from the retweet sequence of interest by using the fitting procedure developed in section 3.3. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. At high temperatures most moves are accepted and the simplex roams freely over the search space. A simplex is simply a set of N+l guesses  , or vertices  , of the N-dimensional statevector sought and the error associated with each guess. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. The robust downhill simplex method is employed to solve this equation. In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. In contrast  , Nelder and Mead's Downhill -Simplex method requires much stricter control over which policies are evaluated. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. A structurally recursive query involves one or more recursive functions and function calls to them. The recursive member function was tested in P and the specifi- cation of the recursive member fumction remains unchanged. In the case of a recursive navigation   , it is mapped to an expression that consists of a function call to the built-in recursive function descendant-or-self and a projection. Recursive data structures and recursive function calls are inherently handled. Instead  , our approach maps a recursive navigation into a function call to a structurally recursive function by means of the translation method presented in 3 for a regular path expression. We use fixed-point iteration to solve this mutually recursive equation . Otherwise  , the function returns the sum of number of insertions for each recursive node. The XQuery core's approach to support recursive navigation is based on the built-in descendant-or-self function and the internal typing function recfactor as we have already seen in Section 2. The basic idea is to utilize the recursive function call mechanism of the C language. Dissallowing any function symbols such a recursive Horn clause will have the form This means that we have a single recursive Horn clause and the recursive predicate appears in the antecedent only once. they are equivalent. For example  , we can think of a query //title as a nondeterministic finite automaton depicted in Figure 8  , and define two structurally recursive functions from the automaton. This effect is similar to that of the XQuery core's relating projection to iteration . Furthermore  , if a structurally recursive query is applied to non-recursive XML data  , the structural function inlining transforms a recursive function call into a finitely nested iterations sensitive to their local types. In order to identify what function class we focus our consideration on  , we adopt the syntactic restrictions of the state-of-the-art work on structural recursion 3  , which define the common form of structurally recursive function. The standard way of deriving the semantics of a recursive function is to compute the least fixed point of its generating function. The advantage of this approach is that new notation for writing recursive queries is unnecessary; C programmers can write recursive queries the same way they write recursive functions. In fact  , the iterative and recursive programs do compute the same function; i.e. where the function X is implemented witli recursive least squares. For example: Since the additional recursive functions are anonymous  , they cannot possibly be invoked anywhere else. In this regard  , our structural function inlining is a novel technique for typing recursive XML queries. In contrast   , the structural function inlining optimizes recursive functions to avoid useless evaluation over irrelevant fragments of data. The SSG may contain cycles  , hence it is not necessary to introduce k-limiting techniques to represent self-referential data structures. Because of such functions  , the type of a structurally recursive query tends to be typed imprecisely. Recursive navigation. The first Horn clause is recursive in the sense that the relation ancestor appears on both the qualification and the consequent of it. Consider the case in which a recursive member function accesses the same data as a new attribute. Thus  , specification-based and program-based test cases need not be rerun. The method basically provides a recursive framework to construct a Lyapunov function and corresponding control action for the system stabilization. The recursive evaluation to determine this value is: Figure 3shows the recursive cost function. On the other hand  , a recursive navigation is typed differently by an ad hoc approach 11 that uses an internal typing function recfactor. It typically starts by translating the function body as if the inner call does nothing. Structurally recursive functions are a kind of the function classes to which we can apply the structural function inlining. In other words  , we have shown that the iterative program computes an extension of the function computed by our recursive program  , rather that the exact same function. For each of the three representative types of the structurally recursive query  , we present the current approach of the XQuery core  , new approaches that exploit the structural function inlining  , and some discus- sion. The mapped functions embed as much type information as possible into their function bodies from the given query. The query pruning 14 similarly optimizes regular path expressions  , but it is inapplicable to arbitrary recursive functions containing operations interleaved arbitrarily with navigation since such recursive functions are not transformed to finite automata. Mutually recursive functions can be handled easily  , since we can always transform a set of mutually recursive functions into a single recursive function with an additional " selection " parameter. In the above argument we established that the iterative program will terminate whenever the original recursive program does and that the two programs will then return the same value. For example  , //title is mapped intermediately to descendant-or-self$roots/title. How can we generate efficient code for a query like the one shown in Figure 1  , in view of the user-defined recursive function it involves. The recursive function definitions of universal and existential quantification are given in section 5. Interestingly  , the structurally recursive function is applied frequently to nonrecursive XML data. The user need not know how to define hierarchies in order to &fine recursive functions. The recursive method SPLIT introduced in Fig. The client computes h root using a recursive function starting from the root node. The empty stack is represented by the function with no input arguments NEWSTACK. Two types of strategies have been proposed to handle recusive queries. Set NEXTcompriijes all functions In order to develop such supervisors we will construct a recursive function supervisor parameterized by functions next E NEXT. If the kth link is moved  , BACK checks from the most distal Figure 5TheBACKfimction This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. If an interrupt restoring function is encountered  , we simply restore the state to X. To get rid of them  , we inline the corresponding function body in place of each function call. Second  , reference expressions in user-defined functions might involve local variables  , which are meaningless outside the function context. Recognizing a variable on a tree is done through a recursive function traverse shown in Fig. We call this way of counting words " soft-counting " because all the possible words are counted. The transfer function frequency bins may further be smoothened through a recursive least square technique. We refer to this kind of function inlining as structural function inlining. Thus  , the specification-based and program-based test suites for A are not rerun. A brief overview of our approach is as follows: Given a structurally recursive query  , it is mapped to structurally recursive functions and function calls to them. A RECURSIVE or VIRTUAL-RECURSIVE member function attribute A requires very limited retesting since it was previously individually tested in P and the specification and implementation remain unchanged. Both methods share the problem of too much generality since the pro- grammer can write anything into the loop or the function body; this severely limits query optimization. Due to the recursive nature of the approach  , such a procedure would have to be applied for any object at any recursive level. We have presented how the technique works  , how to cope with technical obstacles such as the infinite inlining  , and how to apply the technique to structurally recursive queries. That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results. The main obstacle in typing and optimizing a structurally recursive query is the functions involved in the query. Thus  , the operations of the domain abstract data types can be mixed freely with tuple operations in expressions and recursive function definitions. The structural function inlining exploits the property that the structural parameter's type changes for each recursive call according to the syntactic restrictions. We address the above three challenges in the rest of this paper. The return type of a polymorphic recursive function that accepts any XML data is usually declared as xs:AnyType 10. Consider the expression descendant-or-self$roots/title mapped from //title. The example exhibits the use of recursive relationships assemblies and their component parts  , weak entities vendor locations  , and potentially null flelds structure description  , vendor status. function for pseudo-elements; in practice it might be more advantageous to implement it iteratively as a special case. The method to construct the functional equation is general enough to deal with recursive rules  , function symbols and non-binary predicates. Therefore the semantic operation apply -and thus also vwly -is a partial recursive function in every minimally defined model of Q LFINSET. The protocol tries to construct the quorum by selecting the root co. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. GEOKOBJ has several predefined functions e.g. The signature can be extended using function symbols  , to yield the full power of Prolog specifications. Thus  , operators on such large-grain data structures imply some kind of extended control structure such as a loop  , a sequence of statements  , a recursive function  , or other. If the modeled concept is a generic concept such as ComponentType in Fig. We also use the following recursive function to construct the unit type for a variable x based on its C type τ when no appropriate annotations for x are provided: The unit environment is constructed during constraint generation. For example  , they cannot handle recursive function definitions or loops whose termination depends on data structure invariants. In case of a cycle i.e. In this section  , we describe how to apply the structural function inlining to structurally recursive queries in XQuery. In this case  , as the second approach  , we should define a more generic structurally recursive function. This meaning may just be nontermination for some arguments e.g. First  , we cannot always expand function calls by inline code due to the existence of recursive functions. The recursive function generates the equivalent of o using one of the four following behaviors depending on the kind of concept the meta-class of o models. We now give examples of derivable relational concepts such as relational algebra and integrity constraints. The function of this stack is to support method assertions in recursive calls. The postcondition assertion method pops the stack and  , based on the recorded outcome of the precondition  , it evaluates the appropriate postcondition. Using auxiliary tree T   , recursive function sort csets is invoked to sort the component sets. As to optimizing functions  , most of existing optimization techniques 6  , 7 treat functions simply as externally defined black boxes accompanying some semantic information. The original case rules are specialized for each possible type  , and the resulting case rules introduce two new recursive function calls 3 and 5. Unfortunately  , the correct recursive function to induct upon is obscured by the many irrelevant terms in the hypothesis. A  , q as the retrieval status value of annotation A without taking any context into account calculated  , e.g. A modified version of GJK  , RGJK  , which exploits the recursive evaluation is stated in Section 3. This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. The handlers are executed  , like functions  , in a recursive descent manner. Any remaining cycles in the request graph suggest that a possibly mutually-recursive function is making server requests. In the presence of children  , the predicate consists of the recursive concatenation using boolean or of the predicates of the children. It is the latter capability that allows us to define aggregate functions simply. The stack described above serves the back u_~ and output functions served by 0UTLIST. Although the tree notation is well suited for the transformational purposes  , its recursive nature does not guarantee an efficient execution. It is a recursive function that generates the set OptAns of all answers candidate to be optimum by combining the paths in a connected component cc. By throwing away all terms except the following: The correct induction can be chosen. Our major contributions are a new technique referred to as the structural function inlining and a new approach to the problem of typing and optimizing structurally recursive queries. Its application at line 2 automatically generates two sub-goals. This strategy builds up sets " naively " for " interesting " arguments of the function. This is accomplished with the following recursive function. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. This mapping is generic in that we can map any other recursive navigation query in the same way. In addition  , recursive functions may also be analyzed multiple times. This equivalent is added to the output meta-model instance. The execute-imm function computes the partial fixpoint of a database instance using some immediate rules. To handle inter-procedural dependences including recursive functions/procedures  , we have introduced auxiliary types of nodes in a PDG. Consequently the derivation starts with the translation of the associated fragment by evaluating the following function: The recursive rule rcr , ,.ure is achieved by: RULfhceurriva Closure  , e  , Ccrorurc  , immediate ,@ where Cclo ,urc is the conditions extracted from the function between " Floor-Request " and " Closure " . The actions of the rule consist in the closure method call and its own reactivation. The recursive form of the new function immediately leads to an iterative program form. The recursion should terminate when the output of the TRANSFORMER function is identical to its input. To do this  , ACL2 attempts to guess a well-founded measure for the function and to prove that it decreases with each recursive call. The first function in Figure 1is a recursive function cost::Part-+Num which computes the cost of any part : if x is a base part its cost is obtained from the base selector  , otherwise ils cost is obtained by recursively summing the costs of its immediate sub-parts. The following section shows that the standard transitive closure is one important example of a recursive query for which the running time of a sample is indeed a function of the sample size. Through utilizing such ranking function  , the recursive feature elimination procedure on the feature set provides more insights into the importance of each feature to the total revenue. A feature ranking list is then generated according to its contribution in training the optimal ranking function. A recursive function POSITION generalizing the OFFSET example is defined to give the 3- dimensional offset and orientation of the PART relative to the beginning of a hierarchy. Tries to prove the current formula with automatic induction. Notice that we are chasing to simplify the Icft-most  , outermost redex at each step above -this computation rule is known as rwrmuf-order reduction and it corresponds to the lazy evaluurion of function arguments. Many papers including 3  , 10  , 13  suggest such restriction for structural recursion . Therefore  , the recursive method for the stabilization of-the sys­ tem 1 can be given based on either the Krasovskii functional or the Razumikhin function. Another major difference between BFRJ and the depth-first approach is that BFRJ never traverses upwards in an R-tree while the depth-first approach traverses upwards as part of function returns of the recursive routines. performs a global translation  , rather than a recursive one as in the previous cases  , in which case the Decendents function returns the empty set. For instance  , the following function from 28  performs a recursive access on the class hierarchy in order to figure out whether an entity is an instance of a given class. The mapping is defined as follows: Using the mappings from Section 4.3  , we can now follow the approach of 4 and define a recursive mapping function T which takes a DL axiom of the form C D  , where C is an L b -class and D is an L h -class  , and maps it into an LP rule of the form A ← B. The theorem contains the condition thai the recursive function F be defined on a  , that the computation of Fa will terminate this condition is necessary for  , otherwise  , the iterative program will never terminate  , and therefore control will never reach finish at all. It is then straightforward to show that the behavior of the model is preserved after replacing each loop by a call to its corresponding anonymous recursive function. For the rest of the discussion  , we will assume that the ISSUBSUMED boolean operator can be implemented by re-writing to the SQL/XML XMLExists function. A dynamically changed DOM state does not register itself with the browser history engine automatically  , so triggering the 'Back' function of the browser is usually insufficient . During this traversal  , each non-terminal and terminal node is analyzed  , making use of parse tree annotations and other functions and lexical resources that provide " semantic " interpretations of syntactic properties and lexical information. Converting dynamic errors to empty sequences yields correct results as in predicates without negations. Recursive data base queries expressed in datalog function-free Horn clause programs are most conveniently evaluated using the bottom-up or forward chaining evaluation method see  , e.g. For each object of the DO plane  , an emanating relation arrow implies that in the methods section of the source object  , there is a function that generates the destination object. At present we thercforc USC a boltom-up evaluation strategy for recursive and mutually-rccursivc set-valued functions. We assume that the rules may include recursive predicates referencing unary  , finite and inversible function symbols. Approaches Back-tracking provides a simple recursive method of generating all possible solution vectors. This could result in an infinite loop which would indicate that a link has become jammed. By creating a separate relation for every spec field  , Squander solves all these problems: whatever abstraction function is given to a spec field  , it will be translated into a relational constraint on the corresponding relation  , and Kodkod will find a suitable value for it. The local time cascade is a recursive function that derives a child's active time from the parent time container's simple time. Note the mutual recursive nature of linkspecs and link clauses. The actual splitting of the original target page is performed by creating the new right sibling as an exact copy of the page and then removing the unnecessary entries from both pages with the remove interface function. The fading is controllable by a weighting parameter a. In order to develop such supervisors we will construct a recursive function supervisor parameterized by functions next E NEXT. We assume that the tree has a well defined root  , and that a transaction attempting to construct a write quorum calls the recursive function WriteQuorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. Since a reasonably good signal to noise ratio was attained in our experimental setups  , we only utilized ETFE. To be more specified  , we de­ sign the virtual input and Lyapunov-like function to eIlsure UUB stability of each sub-system recursively compensating the effect of uIIcertain parameters_ Be­ fore designing controller  , -we set some controller pa­ rameters evaluating some bounds of elements in 12. Since the Razumikhin func­ tion can be constructed easily and the additional re­ striction for the system is not required in the pro­ posed recursive design  , an asymptotically stabilizing controller can be explicitly constructed. By allowing models to be written declaratively or imperatively using simple data types as well as relations  , the programmer can concentrate more on writing the model and less on struggling with the limited expressiveness of the tool. All other relational notions are defined in terms of these primitives and recursive function composition. This edge corresponds to the recursive function call to walksub—Barnes implements the Barnes-Hut approach for the N-body problem  , and walksub recursively traverses the primary data structure  , a tree. In the above proof since the function superCon is recursive  , we need to perform the induction on the variable k. The PVS command induct invokes an inductive proof. From the local active time  , the segment and simple times are derived the model is logically inverted to calculate the active duration from simple duration. Since the type is recursive   , Build Surrogate Fn is invoked instead of Horizontal Optimization lines 23-26. But  , on the other hand  , we have exploited some internal mechanisms of EXPRESS  , namely the indexing with most specific terms and the automatic recursive term expansion described in Chapter 4  , in order to achieve an elegant partial solution. Further reduction in the computations can be accomplished by minimizing the coefficient of the logarithmic function of the time complexity . From the language perspective  , although many built-in functions are available  , features such as the remaining XQuery language constructs  , remaining XPath axes  , userdefined function library  , user-defined recursive functions  , and many built-in functions and operators can be done in the future. The ap- plication domain of this strategy according to Vie86 are all kinds of recursion defined by means of function free Horn clauses. Formally  , assume that we have a set U of unreachable atomic propositions. The final feature vector representation of the onset signature is constructed as follows  , by attaching mean and max values to the histogram: That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results. Here it is : This first proposition is a syntactically correct program  , but semantically it presents some difficulties : -I at the recursive call  , N is not modified rule I. To avoid using reflection   , a method is generated for each analyser that sorts all the " visit " method calls in a switch in function of the operator ids. For instance /a The translation function T takes three parameters: the location step of the XSQuirrel expression  , the current binding used by the FLWR expression and a list of predicates. Finally  , although probably not sensible in the incremental setting  , an iterate-until-stable style optimizer can be specified by simply introducing a recursive call to TRANSFORMER from within the Figure 4: A Parallelizing Tool FORMER function itself. Since LIME reports the tree traversal is imbalanced  , this suggests that the tree itself is imbalanced. We are building our theory by fii defining the concepts of higher level theories or formalisms in terms of our primitives and then proving their properties mechanically. This is not surprising  , for the implicit stack offered by the recursive control domain only serves the forward control function of ROOTSTACK in the iterative parser. − Encoding the set of descendant tags: The size of the input document being a concern  , we make the rather classic assumption that the document structure is compressed thanks to a dictionary of tags into the document hierachy at the price of making the DescTag function recursive. Suppose that a structurally recursive query Q is transformed into Q T by the structural function inlining with respect to type information T . Moreover  , the recursions in the definition of S ↓ and E ↓ correspond to recursive function calls of the respective evaluation functions. Given a hierarchical view that already is defined  , the user simply inserts a new function and provides a defining expression by using func- tions of PREV. Osprey takes as an additional input a configuration file that allows new definitions for unit prefixes  , unit aliases  , and unit factors that can be used in unit annotations. These seem to be rare in JavaScript programs—we have not encountered any in the applications in §7—and therefore serve as a diagnostic to the developer. Since the size-change principle does not consider the tests of if-statements  , it must consider infinite state sequences that cannot occur  , including the sequence that alternates between the two recursive calls. The profile above disambiguates the cases mentioned previously aa shortcomings of function and count profiles . Another possibly less efficient implementation is to use a recursive SQL statement as alluded to in Das et al 4. Predicate buffer and output buffer: The derivation of the function Out-Buffers is similar to that of Results  , and the derivation of Pred-Buffers is straightforward. The protocol tries to construct a quorum by selecting the root and a majority of its children. During this traversal  , each nonterminal and terminal node is analyzed  , making use of parse tree annotations and other functions and lexical resources that provide " semantic " interpretations of syntactic properties and lexical information. Property 3 shows that the R M R N   , possesses an elegant recursive property with regard to its structure in a manner similar to the n-cube. Because of the recursive feature of the BACK function the is checked for the second obstacle and moved in the opposite direction to the first movement  , returning the link to the original position. By doing The components of the resultant forceslmoments at the robot joints a a part due to velocity and gravity terms function of position and Even for the frictioniess problem  , a recursive  , and not the explicit form of the analytical equations which describe the robot dynamics  , is preferable for a numerical implementation. Recursive splitting due to parent page overflows are handled in the same way. The recursive function is defined as: Solve formula 16 by dynamic programing to learn the indication vector E = {e1  , e2  , ..  , em} and send sequence si to query for labeling if ei = 1. be achieved with total number of elements less than or equal to j using sequences up to i. Since distinguished variables are assumed to appear exactly once in the consequents of rules with the potential of repeated variables being real&d by equalities in the antecedent  , h is a function. In this case  , the current concept description D has to be specialized by means of an operator exploring the search space of downward refinements of D. Following the approach described in 5 ,8  , the refinement step produces a set of candidate specializations ρD and a subset of them  , namely RS  , is then randomly selected via function RandomSelection by setting its cardinality according to the value returned by a function f applied to the cardinality of the set of specializations returned by the refinement operator e.g. The keyword value  , as in domain constraint definitions  , provides a way of naming  , not the type  , bul the whole instance of the type or domain being referenced in an expression that is being evaluated it is often called self or this in programming languages. Notice that both measures are hard to compute over massive graphs: naive personalization would require on the fly power iteration over the entire graph for a user query; naive SimRank computation would require power iteration over all pairs of vertices. Analogously to Theorem 6.5  , we get  Finally  , note that using arguments relating the topdown method of this section with join optimization techniques in relational databases  , one may argue that the context-value table principle is also the basis of the polynomial-time bound of Theorem 7.4. Query trees present the same limitations as 15   , and are also not capable of expressing if/then/else expressions; sequences of expressions since we require that the result of the query always be an XML document; function applications; and arithmetic and set operations. Since templates serve different needs  , we extract those with a high probability of containing structured information on the basis of the following heuristic: templates with just one or two template attributes are ignored since these are templates likely to function as shortcuts for predefined boilerplates  , as well as templates whose usage count is below a certain threshold which are likely to be erroneous. The convenience of POE based Newton-Euler dynamics modeling of open chains  , demonstrated in 9 and 13  , has been incorporated into this work to provide a recursive formulation for computing the gradient as well. In what follows  , we will present the technique circum­ venting this problem with the two-dimensional sys­ tem 7 as example. As one composes large-grain operators and operands together into longer expressions  , each subexpression implies not only some atomic computations e.g. Within the SEM Model  , it also provides a function similar to an execution stack in a block-structured language  , where the current context is saved upon recursive invocations further planning and restored upon the successful translation and verification of certain artifacts following a promotion. In addition to the traditional causes like sort  , duplicate elimination and aggregates  , the value of a variable must be materialized in three cases: when the variable is used multiple times in the query  , when the variable is used inside a loop FOR  , sort or quantifiers  , or when the variable is an input of a recursive function. Another cause for materialization is backward navigation that cannot be transformed into forward navigation. Equations 1-5 represent a few simple formulas that are used in this study. In order to build our recursive calculations  , we first find an expression for the joint accelerations as a function of the acceleration of the platform and the reaction efforts  , next we find an expression for the reaction efforts as a function of the acceleration of the platform and  , finally  , we find an expression of the acceleration of the platform. As we shall see below  , global rules are very useful for customizing the translation -the user can add to the system global rules defining special treatment for specific subtrees in the data  , while the rest of the data is handled in a standard manner by the other predefined rules of the system. While our method of analyzing procedures has been motivated by the desire to Rave no restrictions on storage sharing and to proceed with minimal a-priori specifications about the program  , it allows us to model such language features as generic modes  , procedLre variables  , parameters of type procedure  , a simulated callby-name parameter mechanism and a user-accessible evaluating function. A first-order database is a function-free first-order theory in which the extensional database EDB  , corresponding to the data in relations  , is a set of ground having no variables positive unit clauses. Thus  , the key to recursive design for time­ delay systems is how to overcome this difficulty to construct recursively the virtual control law in each step such that in the final step the derivative of the Lyapunov-Razumikhin function of the system is neg­ ative whenever the Razumikhin condition holds. Member function B is virtual in P and since it is redefined in M  , it is virtual-redefined in R. Member function C is redefined in R since its implementation is changed by M and overrides member function C from P. Finally  , data members i and j in P arc inherited but hidden in R  , which means they cannot be aeeessed by member function defined in the modifier. Also  , the calculation of the object distance is slightly different in the implementation of ARTOO than the formula given in Section 2  , in that no normalization is applied to the elementary distances as a whole: for characters  , booleans  , and reference values the given constants are directly used  , and for numbers and strings the normalization function given in Section 2 is applied to the absolute value of the difference for numbers and to the Levenshtein distance respectively for strings. As briefly discussed in Section 2  , the structure irfposedon thedatabasebythedesign- eris representedby amdule graph  , that is  , a labelled directed acyclic gralk whose nodes represent n-cdules  , whose +=s indicate relationships between modules and whose labelling function assigns tags to r&es indicating how the mdule was created. However  , it is relatively more difficult for global variables as aliasing has to be considered to identify global variable related def-use relations  , and path reduction is not that helpful for global variables; 2 the source operands of the overflowed integer operations are from trusted sources or constants  , but the overflowed data in the two versions with different precisions did have different values at sinks; 3 IntEQ failed to recognized some benign IOs for hashing  , where the data flow paths involve recursive function calls or cross over different object files. For questions with a simple answer pattern  , the answer candidates can be found by fixed pattern matching. Our pattern matching component consists of two parts  , fixed pattern matching and partial pattern matching. We now define the graph pattern matching problem in a distributed setting. Patterns are organized in a list according to their scores. One promising technique to circumvent this is soft pattern matching. Pattern matching is simple to manipulate results and implement. Consequently  , we believe that any practical IE optimizer must optimize pattern matching. Next  , each model's location is estimated. A Basic Graph Pattern is a set of statement patterns. Graph pattern matching Consider the graph pattern P from Fig. The Pattern Matching stream consists of three stages: Generation  , Document Prefetch and Matching. In most applications  , however  , substring pattern matching was applied  , in which an " occurrence " is when the pattern symbols occur contiguously in the text. However  , their pattern languages are limited by a small number of pattern variables for matching linguistic structures. As for those with complex answer patterns  , we try to locate answer candidates via partial pattern matching. Matching is meant here as deciding whether either a given ontology or its part is compliant matches with a given pattern. Kumar and Spafford 10 applied subsequence pattern matching to intrusion detection. If no matching pattern is found  , the exception propagates up the call stack until a matching handler is found. Surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems. Feature matching method needs to abstract features e.g. Two kinds of matching methods are oftcn uscd: Feature matching method and pattern matching method 8. This is the value used for pattern matching evaluation. Let us examine a small pattern-matching example . This package provides reawnably fast pattc:rn matching over a rich pattern language. The final score of a sentence incorporates both its centroid based weight and the soft pattern matching weight. But in our case  , pattern matching occurs relatively less frequently than during a batch transformation. The output of this pattern matching phase is tuples of labels for relevant nodes  , which is considered as intermediate result set  , named as RS intermediate . Note that these early work however do not consider AD relationship  , which is common for XML queries. The correlation operation can be seen as a form of convolution where the pattern matching model Mx ,y is analogous to the convolution kernel: Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. Once a matching sentiment pattern is found  , the target and sentiment assignment are determined as defined in the sentiment pattern. var is a set of special alternative words  , which are usually shared by various patterns and also assigned in question pattern matching. Fixed pattern matching scans each passage and does pattern matching. Different from previous empirical work  , we show how soft pattern matching is achieved within the framework of two standard probabilistic models. Each pattern matching step either involves the use of regular expressions or an external dictionary such as a dictionary of person names or product names. For the first variation the text collection was the Web  , and for the second  , the local AQUAINT corpus. Bottom-up tree pattern matching has been extensively studied in the area of classic tree pattern matching 12. In addition  , not all types of NE can be captured by pattern matching effectively. The triple pattern matching operator transforms a logical RDF stream into a logical data stream  , i.e. By incorporating 'anchor control' logic it is possible to operate some sub-sets of cascades in the unanchored mode  , sub-pattern matching mode  , variable precursor matching mode or a combination thereof. If a text segment matches with a pattern  , then the text segment is identified to contain the relationship associated with the pattern. Each pattern box provides visual handles for direct manipulation of the pattern. This eases parsing  , pattern declaration and matching  , and it makes the composition interface explicit. This is a problem that has received some attention from the pattern matching research community. 4 also propose to find relevant formulae using pattern matching. pressive language. The patterns are described in Table 2. In our simplified version of pattern matching  , the search trajectory was designed as follows. Previously examined by Cui et al. 8is to recognize a parameter by pattern matching. The tree-pattern matching proceeds in two phases. proposed a similar method to inverse pattern matching that included wild cards 9. A type constraint annotation restricts the static Java type of the matching expression. In the Generation stage  , the question is analyzed and possible answer patterns are generated. There are several main differences between string matching and the discovery of FA patterns. Note that in this paper  , we focus on ordered twig pattern matching. Patterns are sorted by question types and stored in pattern files. For example  , consider the tree representation of the pattern Q 1 in Figure 3 . Overlapping features: Overlapping features of adjacent terms are extracted. Note that it contains variables that have already been bound by the change pattern matching. The final score is the product of the pattern score and matching score. The lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the well studied multi-pattern matching problem in the string matching literature 25. In our scenario  , if each entity is modeled as a pattern  , the lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the multi-pattern matching problem. Although surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems  , the patterns used in ILQUA are better since they are automatically generated by a supervised learning system and represented in a format of regular expressions which contain multiple question terms. All of the points have the same pattern and this is suitable for a template matching because the points may be able to be extracted through a template matching procedure using only one template. In such a case  , we first need to distribute the expression " GRAPH γ " appropriately to atomic triple patterns in order to prescribe atomic SPARQL expressions accessible by basic quadruple pattern matching. The pattern-matching language is based on regular expressions over the annotations; when a sequence of annotations is matched by the left-hand side pattern  , then the right-hand side defines the type of annotation to be added Organization in the example case above. The goal of multi-pattern matching is to find within a text string d all occurrences of patterns from a given set. In addition to surface pattern matching  , we also adopt n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. The Sparkwave 10 system was built to perform continuous pattern matching over RDF streams by supporting expressive pattern definitions  , sliding windows and schema-entailed knowledge. Pattern matching with variable 'don't care' symbols can now be easily performed  , if the input signals set the D flip-flop values throughout the duration of pattern matching. Our system focuses on ordered twig pattern matching  , which is essential for applications where the nodes in a twig pattern follow the document order in XML. We enhanced the pattern recognition engine in ViPER to execute concurrent parallel pattern matching threads in spite of running Atheris for each pattern serially. We tested our technique using the data sets obtained from the University of New Mexico. This approach benefits from a better performance by avoiding multiple input parsing. For each token  , we look for the longest pattern of token features that matches with pattern rules. Finally  , a novel pattern matching module is proposed to detect intrusions based on both intra-pattern and inter-pattern anomalies. Therefore  , the system works in stages: it ranks all sentences using centroid-based ranking and soft pattern matching  , and takes the top ranked sentences as candidate definition sentences. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. their rapid evaluation. Yet ShopBot has several limitations. The interesting subtlety is that pattern matching can introduce aliases for existing distinguishing values. Approaches that use pattern matching e.g. TwigStack 7  , attract lots of research attention. The research question is: pattern. 18 have demonstrated that soft pattern matching greatly improves recall in an IE system. We have so far introduced features of the matching rule language mainly through examples. Regarding input data generation  , all sequences  , matching the pattern are favored and get higher chance to occur. Results of query " graph pattern " with terms-based matching and different rankings: 1 Semantic richness  , 2 Recency. The *SENTENCE* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single sentence. with grouping  , existing pattern matching techniques are no longer effective. For each context pattern and each snippet search engine returned  , select the words matching tag <A> as the answer. YATL is a declarative  , rule based language featuring pattern matching and restructuring operators. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : The basic problem is then to limit combinatorial explosion while deducinc knowledge. In SPARQL 5 no operator for the transformation from RDF statements to SPARQL is defined. In the pattern matching step  , we will compare performance of the several kernel functions e.g. They primarily used heuristics and pattern matching for recognizing URLs of homepages. SPARQL  , a W3C recommendation  , is a pattern-matching query language. Each template rule specifies a matching pattern and a mode. Tree-Pattern Matching. It also leverages existing definitions from external resources. We obtain We assume  , however  , that indexes are used to access triples matching a triple pattern efficiently. Listing1.2 shows a simple SPARQL query without data streams. 4 have demonstrated the utility of DTW for ECG pattern matching. In this paper  , an improved circuit structure corresponds to the complex regular expressions pattern matching is achieved. Second  , the notions of pattern matching and implicit context item at each point of the evaluation of a stylesheet do not exist in XQuery. We will focus our related work discussion on path extraction queries. Likewise  , the pattern-matching language in REFINE provides a powerful unification facility   , but this appears to be undecidable—no published results are available about the expressive power of its pattern-matching language. We integrated Mathematica8 into our system  , to perform pattern matching on the equations and identify occurrences within a predefined set of patterns. On the other hand  , our pattern matching approach is more suitable for determining supporting documents and is therefore the preferable approach for answer projection. Concept assignment is semantic pattern matching in the application domain  , enabling the engineer to search the underlying code base for program fragments that implement a concept from the application domain. Traditional pattern-matching languages such as PERL get " hopelessly long-winded and error prone " 5   , when used for such complex tasks. We compute each input sentence's pattern matching weight by using Equation 6. Option −w means searching for the pattern expression as a word. For example  , the pattern language for Java names allows glob-style wildcards  , with " * " matching a letter sequence and "  ? " The recognition module of person's name  , place  , organization and transliteration is more complex. This method requires users to learn specific query language to input query " pattern " and also requires to predefine many patterns manually in advance. Pattern induction   , in contrast  , is intended as detecting the regularities in an ontology  , seeking recurring patterns. The pattern was initially mounted on a tripod and arbitrarily placed in front of the stereo head Fig. At the end of this pattern-matching operation  , each element of the structure is associated with a set of indexing terms which are then stored in the indexing base. While it is easy to imagine uses of pattern matching primitives in real applications  , such as search engines and text mining tools  , rank/select operations appear uncommon. By adopting regular expressions as types  , they could include rich operations over types in their type structure  , and that made it possible to capture precisely the behavior of pattern matching over strings in their type system. Basic pattern matching now considers quadruples and it annotates variable assignments from basic matches with atomic statements from S and variable assignments from complex matches with Boolean formulae F ∈ F over S . However  , we assume that the structure is flat for some operations on pattern-matching queries  , which would not be applicable if the structure was not flat. The conceptual definition of pattern matching implies finding the existence of parent node such that when evaluating XPath P with that parent node as a context node yields the result containing the testing node to which template is applicable. A pattern matched in a relevant web page counts more than one matched in a less relevant one. The result of unsupervised pattern learning through PRF is a set of soft patterns as presented in Section 2 Step 3a. As discussed in Section 5  , the size is strongly related to the selectivity . We believe that much information about patterns can be retrieved by analyzing the names of identifiers and comments. Once the pattern tree match has occurred we must have a logical method to access the matched nodes without having to reapply a pattern tree matching or navigate to them. The triple pattern matching operator transforms RDF statements into SPARQL solutions. The XPath P used in the pattern matching of a template can have multiple XPath steps with predicates. We have developed an alternative method based on auxiliary data constructs: condition pattern relations and join pattern relations Segev & Zhao  , 1991a. Semantic pattern discovery aims to relate the data item slots in Pm to the data components in the user-defined schema. This is a type of template matching methodology  , where the search region is 1074 examined for a match between the observed pattern and the expected template  , stored in the database. Some sentiment patterns define the target and its sentiment explicitly. In a recent survey 19   , methods of pattern matching on graphs are categorized into exact and inexact matching. We mainly focus on matching similar shapes. The semantics of SPARQL is defined as usual based on matching of basic graph patterns BGPs  , more complex patterns are defined as per the usual SPARQL algebra and evaluated on top of basic graph pattern matching  , cf. Recognizing the oosperm and the micro tube is virtually a matching problem. Distributed graph pattern matching. Answering these queries amounts to the task of graph pattern matching  , where subgraphs in the data graph matching the query pattern are returned as results. We assume that the answer patterns in our pattern matching approach express the desired semantic relationship between the question and the answer and thus a document that matches one of the patterns is likely to be supportive . Pleft_seq|SP L  and Pright_seq|SP R  give the probabilistic pattern matching scores of the left and right sequences of the instance  , given the corresponding soft pattern SP matching models. Unknown viruses applying this technique are even more difficult to detect. As an enhanced version of the self-encrypting virus  , a polymorphic virus was designed to avoid any fixed pattern. In Snowball  , the generated patterns are mainly based on keyword matching. Our pattern matching approach uses textual patterns to classify and interpret questions and to extract answers from text snippets. Patterns for answer extraction are learned from question-answer pairs using the Web as a resource for pattern retrieval. p i and sq i are the index of pattern and sequence respectively  , indicating from where the further matching starts. These approaches focus on analyzing one-shot data points to detect emergent events. In order to identify the list of instructions to re-evaluate  , a pattern matching is performed on the entire re-evaluation rules set. Missing components or sequences in a model compared to an otherwise matching pattern are classed as " incomplete " . Input rule files are compiled into a graph representation and a depth first search is performed to see if a certain token starts a pattern match. This way  , when no pattern has been successfully validated  , the system returns NIL as answer. A pattern matching program was developed to identify the segments of the text that match with each pattern. In other words  , a précis pattern comprises a kind of a " plan " for collecting tuples matching the query and others related to them. The max-error criterion specifies the maximum number of insertion errors allowed for pattern matching. In more recent systems  , Lucene  , a high-performance text retrieval library  , is often deployed for more sophisticated index and searching capability. This includes: word matching  , pattern matching and wildcards  , stemming  , relevance ranking  , and mixed mode searchmg text  , numeric  , range  , date. This system employs two novel ideas related to generic answer type matching using web counts and web snippet pattern matching. A simpler  , faster subset of this approach is to perform pattern matching based on features. We choose pattern matching as our baseline technique in the toolkit  , because it can be easily customized to distill information for new types of entities and attributes. Although surface text pattern matching is a simple method  , it is very effective and accurate to answering specific types of ques- tions. In addition   , system supports patterns combining exact matching of some of their parts and approximate matching of other parts  , unbounded number of wild cards  , arbitrary regular expressions  , and combinations  , exactly or allowing errors. The techniques of unanchored mode operation  , sub-pattern matching   , 'don't care' symbols  , variable precursor position anchoring and selective anchoring as described for a single cascade can be extended to this twodimensional pattern matching device. We adopted existing code for SQL cross-matching queries 2 and added a special xmatch pattern to simplify queries. However automatic pattern extraction can introduce errors and syntactic dependency matching can lead to incorrect answers too. Because matching is based on predicates  , DARQ currently only supports queries with bound predicates. It is widely used for retrieving RDF data because RDF triples form a graph  , and graph patterns matching subgraphs of this graph can be specified as SPARQL queries. Answer extraction methods applied are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . δ represents a tunable parameter to favor either the centroid weight or the pattern weight. Instructions associated to a pattern that matches that node need to be re-evaluated. We call all the sessions supporting a pattern as its support set. None of these tools are integrated with an interactive development environment  , nor do they provide scaffolding for transformation construction. However  , developers have to write these pattern specifications as an overlay on the underlying code. Rather the twig pattern is matched as a whole due to sequence transformation. We use a pattern-matching module to recognize those OODs with fixed structure pattern  , such as money  , date  , time  , percentage and digit. To demonstrate the flexibility and the potential of the LOTUS framework  , we performed retrieval on the query " graph pattern " . Existing tools like RepeatMasker 12 only solve the problem of pattern matching  , rather than pattern discovery without prior knowledge. Three classes of matching schemes are used for the detection of patterns namely the state-  , the velocity-and the frequency-matching. That is  , the specific pattern-matching mechanism has to influence only that application context. We expect melodic pattern matching to involve what we call " complex traversal " of streamed data. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . The pattern matching problem in IE tasks are formally the same as definition sentence retrieval. The merit of template matching is that it is tolerant to noise and flexible about template pattern. Many commercially available anti-virus programs apply a detection system based on the " pattern signature matching " or " scanner " method. The results of the pattern-matching are also linguistically normalized  , i.e. The prototypes of data objects must be considered during entity matching to find patterns. Applicability in an Epoq optimizer is similar in function to pattern-matching and condition-matching of left-hand sides in more traditional rule-based optimizers. With the manual F 3 measure  , all three soft pattern models perform significantly better than the baseline p ≤ 0.01. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search  , and syntactic dependency matching . 9  , originally used for production rule systems  , is an efficient solution to the facts-rules pattern matching problem. As mentioned above  , the pattern should skip this substring and start a new matching step. Besides the detection and localization of a neural pattern  , the comparison and matching of the observed pattern to a set of templates is another interesting question 18. They also discuss the subtlety we mention in Sec. Presence of modes allows different templates to be chosen when the computation arrives on the same node. Only the basic pattern matching has been changed slightly. As mentioned previously  , we adopt VERT for pattern matching. Later on  , standard IR techniques have been used for this task. Backtracking moves to the next breakpoint fget or the next visible variable current-var. This paper focuses on the ranking model. A question chunk  , expected by certain slots  , is assigned in question pattern matching. ANSWER indicates the expected answer. The basic cell for all pattern matching operations is shown in Figure 19.2. Wiki considers the Wikipedia redirect pairs as the candidates. Encounters green are generated using a camera on the quadrotor to detect the checkerboard pattern on the ground robot and are refined by scan matching. In order to avoid this drawback  , we implemented a new module of text-independent user identification based on pattern matching techniques. The center coordinates of iris are estimated from each model that is estimated its location by pattern matching. proposed an inverse string matching technique that finds a pattern between two strings that maximizes or minimizes the number of mis- matches 1 . They analyze the text of the code for patterns which the programmer wants to find. Haack and Jeffrey 6 discuss their pattern-matching system in the context of the Spi-calculus. We discuss our method of soft pattern generalization and matching in the next section. The pages that can be extracted at least one object are regarded as object pages. A new technique is required to handle the grouping operation in queries. The value which is determined by pattern matching is DataC KK the server's public key for the signature verification . This information is then logically combined into the proof obligations. Tuples are anonymous  , thus their removal takes place through pattern matching on the tuple contents. The Concern Manipulation Environment CME supports its own pattern-matching language for code querying. The instrumentation is based on rules for pattern-matching and is thus independent of the actual application. Siena is an event notification architecture . There have been many studies on this problem. To tackle this problem  , other musical features e.g. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and definition pattern matching. Perfect match is not always guaranteed. Our patterns are flexible -note that the example and matched sentences have somewhat different trees. Therefore  , the triple pattern matching operator must be placed in a plan before any of the following operators. For every pattern tp i in query Q  , a sorted access sa i retrieves matching triples in descending score order. The argument can be any expression of antecedent operators and concepts and text. Thereby  , the amount of informa3. For the first run  , definition-style answers were obtained with KMS definition pattern-matching routines as described. Only patterns with score greater than some empirically determined threshold are applied in pattern matching. Pattern considers the words matching the patterns extracted from the original query as candidates.  ls: lightly stemmed words  , obtained by using pattern matching to remove common prefixes and suffixes. As an example  , consider the problem of pattern matching with electrocardiograms. Autonomous robots may exhibit similar characteristics. The reason is the handling of pattern matching in the generated Java code with trivially true conditional statements. A search token is a sequence of characters defining a pattern for matching linguistic tokens. Xcerpt's pattern matching is based on simulation unification. We do not present an exhaustive case study. It can extract facts of a certain given relation from Web documents. Second  , po boils down to " pattern matching  , " which is a major function of today's page-based search engine. Through training  , each pattern is assigned the probability that the matching text contains the correct answer. Stream slot filling is done by pattern matching documents with manually produced patterns for slots of interest. We have reviewed the newly-adopted techniques in our QA system. -relevance evaluation  , which allows ordering of answers. These patterns were automatically mined from web and organized by question type. Similar to the twig query  , we can also define matching twig patterns on a bisimulation graph of an XML tree. The searching trajectory can be designed intentionally to ease detection of such features. The template of a character is represented by a dot pattern on the 50*50 grid.  s: aggressively stemmed words  , found using the Sebawai morphological analyzer. The generated file is used for programming of FPGA and pattern matching. The general idea behind the approach is pattern matching. Researchers using genetic data frequently are interested in finding similar sequences. Pattern matching has been used in a number of applications . Pattern matching tools help the programmer with the task of chunking. The representation for data objects and their relationships with each other is a relational data base with a pattern-matching access mechanism. A more likely domain/range restriction enhances the candidate matching. Cossette and colleagues 9 used a pattern matching approach to link artifacts among languages. Application designers can exploit the programmability of the tuple spaces in different ways. Replace performs pattern matching and substitution and is available in the SIR with 32 versions that contain seeded faults. Feasible ? Implementation We have developed a prototype tool for coverage refinement . Other languages for programming cryptographic protocols also contain this functionality. In this paper we are only interested in SPARQL CONSTRUCT queries. The result is empty  , if negatively matched statements are known to be negative. Additionally  , a classifier approach is more difficult to evaluate and explain results. Two sets of rules are developed to generate numbers and entities  , respectively. Proposals for pattern-matching operators are of little use unless indices can be defined to permit . Blank nodes have to be associated with values during pattern matching similiar to variables. it changes the schema of the contained elements. The Entrez Gene database and MeSH database were used for query expansion. In their most general forms these ope~'a~ors are somewhat problematic. Pattern matching approaches are widely used because of their simplicity. attack or legitimate activity  , according to the IDS model. Definition 15 Basic Graph Pattern Matching. Our context consistency checking allows any data structure for context descriptions. for a minimal functional language with string concatenation and pattern matching over strings 23. Definition 5.4 Complex graph pattern matching. Normal frames with a hea.der pattern can be used for both matching and inheritance . However  , header patterns of those frames cannot be inherited -only their cases. Thus  , pattern mining that relies solely on matching type names for program entities would not work. Since the combinator used in the event pattern is or  , matching el is sufficient to trigger the action . It was shown in the PRIX system 17  that the above encoding supports ordered twig pattern matching efficiently. In order to print matches and present the results in root-to-leaf order  , we extended the mechanism proposed by 5. For example  , tree pattern matching has also been extensively studied in XML stream environment 7  , 15 . due to poor lighting conditions  , reflections or dust. Similarly  , the *PARAGRAPH* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single paragraph. The liberty to choose any feature detector is the advantage of this method. Basically  , SPARQL rests on the notion of graph pattern matching. Triple Pattern Matching. The relative calibration between the rigs is achieved automatically via trajectory matching. Otherwise  , if no graph pattern from C matches  , the source graph pattern P represents graphs that can be transformed into unsafe graphs by applying r  , and If a graph pattern from C matches the source graph pattern  , the application of r is either irrelevant  , as the source graph pattern already represents a forbidden state  , or impossible   , because it is preempted by another matching rule with higher priority. Note that one image-pattern neuron is added at every training point and the target's pose at that point is stored in conjunction with the image-pattern neuron for use later. We explicitly declare the pattern type i.e. The idea is to model  , both the structure of the database and the query a pattern on structure  , as trees  , to find an embedding of the pattern into the database which respects the hierarchical relationships between nodes of the pattern. To avoid such an overhead  , each time a pattern is converted from an expression  , the expression's instruction is added to the re-evaluation rules that include the new pattern. After experimenting with several structural pattern languages based on text  , we discovered that any moderately sophisticated tern quickly becomes difficult to understand. We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. Therefore  , a reasonable role-based identification is to assign the role pattern correlation matrix F R 1 ,2 which is the most similar to the one C We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. Standard pruning is straightforward and can be accomplished simply by hashing atomsets into bins of suhstructures based on the set of mining bonds. A pattern describes what will be affected by the transformation; an action describes the replacement for every matching instance of the pattern in the source code. Given the fact that a question pattern usually share few common words with each perspective  , we can hardly build effective matching models based on word-level information. This year  , we further incorporated a new answer extraction component Shen and Lapata  , 2007 by capturing evidence of semantic structure matching. Approximate string matching 16 is an alternative to exact string matching  , where one textual pattern is matched to another while still allowing a number of errors. Especially with unpitched sources  , we expect that searching for a melody will be complex  , not simply a matter of literal string matching. The purpose of using such hard matching patterns in addition to soft matching patterns is to capture those well-formed definition sentences that are missed due to the imposed cut-off of ranking scores by soft pattern matching and centroid-based weighting. Each time cgrep returns matching strings  , they are removed from the document representation and the procedure is repeated with the same phrase. The exact matching requires a total mapping from query nodes to data nodes  , i.e. To perform a matching operation with respect to a contiguous word phrase  , two approaches are possible. The straightforward solution  , which recursively Figure 3: Tree-pattern matching by subsequence matching identifies matches for each node within the query sequence in order  , requires quadratic time in the document size and therefore becomes not competitive. For example  , if OOPDTool detects an instance of the FactoryMethod design pattern  , it would detect not only the presence of this pattern in the design but also all classes corresponding to the Abstract Creator  , Concrete Creator  , Abstract Product  , and Concrete Product participants found in this design pattern instance. The problem of mining graph-structured data has received considerable attention in recent years  , as it has applications in such diverse areas as biology  , the life sciences  , the World Wide Web  , or social sciences. Results The data are summarized in Table 1   , which gives totals for each pattern/scope combination  , and in Fig- ure 4  , which graphs the totals for each pattern and scope examples not matching any pattern are grouped under UNKNOWN. The problem of finding the top-k lightest loopless path  , matching a pre-specified pattern  , is NP-hard and furthermore   , simple heuristics and straightforward approaches are unable to efficiently solve the problem in real time see Section 2.3. We have adopted a " query language " approach  , using a well understood  , expressively limited  , relatively compact query language; with GENOA  , if an analyzer is written strictly using the sublanguage Qgenoa  , the complexity is guaranteed to be polynomial. The idea proposed in 9  is to compile XSLT <applytemplates/> instruction into a combination of XQuery's conditional expressions where the expression conditions literally model the template pattern matching and the expression bodies contain function calls that invoke the corresponding XQuery function that translated from the XSLT template. If the pattern has a 'don't care' symbol  , then the cell should essentially perform a 'unit stage delay' function to propagate the match signal from the previous stage to the next stage. For example  , if we know that the label " 1.2.3.4 " presents the path " a/b/c/d "   , then it is quite straightforward to identify whether the element matches a path pattern e.g. " We have already mentioned bug pattern matchers 10  , 13  , 27: tools that statically analyze programs to detect specific bugs by pattern matching the program structure to wellknown error patterns. Self-encrypting and polymorphic viruses were originally devised to circumvent pattern-matching detection by preventing the virus generating a pattern. Exact queries in Aranea are generated by approximately a dozen pattern matching rules based query terms and their part-of-speech tags; morpho-lexical pattern matches trigger the creation of reformulated exact queries. We describe one such optimization in this paper  , which is called pattern indexing and is based on the observation that a document typically matches just a relatively small set of patterns. Annotated Pattern Trees accept edge matching specifications that can lift the restriction of the traditional oneto-one relationship between pattern tree node and witness tree node. This method creates a definition of length N by taking the The extracted partial syntax-tree pattern contains Figure 2: Pattern extraction and matching for a Genus-Species sentence from an example sentence. first N unique sentences out of this sorted order  , and serves as the TopN baseline method in our evaluation . In 1  , we came to the conclusion that the pattern matching approach suffers from a relatively low recall because the answer patterns are often too specific. Higher-level problems  , including inconsistency  , incompleteness and incorrectness can be identified by comparing the semi-formal model to the Essential interaction pattern and to the " best practice " examples of EUC interaction pattern templates. Given a back-point βintv  , p index  , the uncertain part of sequence S is the sequence segment S i that is inside β.intv  , while the pattern segment P i   , which is possibly involved in uncertain matching  , could be any pattern segment starting from β.p index. For example  , the head-and-shoulder pattern consists of a head point  , two shoulder points and a pair of neck points. Such tools do not generate concrete test cases and often result in spurious warnings  , due to the unsoundness of the modeling of language semantics. A straightforward way to solve the top-k lightest paths problem is to enumerate all paths matching the given path pattern and pick the top-k lightest paths. Therefore  , we need to convert a triple pattern into a set of coordinates in data space  , using the same hash functions that we used for index creation  , to obtain coordinates for a given RDF triple. Section 3 describes the architecture of our definition generation system  , including details of our application of PRF to automatically label the training data for soft pattern generalization. It also became clear that developers want to use high-level structural concepts e.g. A rewrite rule is a double grafting transformation consisting of a tree pattern T also called " the lefthand side "  and advice Γ that is applied to the source at all locations where T matches. The worst case scenario would be for the optimizer to not incorporate sorting into the pattern tree match and apply it afterwards. Pattern matching deal with two problems  , the graph isomorphism problem that has a unknown computational complexity  , and the subgraph isomorphism problem which is NP-complete. One aspect of our work extends CPPL to include match statements that perform pattern matching. We assume that XML documents are tokenized by a languagedependent tokenizer to identify linguistic tokens. Leila is a state-ofthe-art system that uses pattern matching on natural language text. Third  , template parameters  , as opposed to XQuery function parameters   , may be optional. A session S supports a pattern P if and only if P is a subsequence of S not violating string matching constraint. They hence can be pushed to be executed in the navigation pattern matching stage for deriving variable bindings. Nevertheless  , CnC possibly suffers more than bug pattern matching tools in this regard because it has no domain-specific or context knowledge. With the use of AI techniques for semantic pattern matching  , it may be possible to build a relatively successful library manager. In IntelliJ IDEA  , there is a facility called Structural Search and Replace that enables limited transformations by pattern matching on the syntax tree. The pattern-matching techniques  , such as PMD  , are unsound but scale well and have been effectively employed in industry. Patterns were originally developed to capture recurring solutions to design and coding prob- lems 12 . Furthermore   , it allows for restriction of the query domain  , similar to context definitions in SOQUET 8 . When a group of methods have similar names  , we summarize these methods as a scope expression using a wild-card pattern matching operator . Certain PREfast analyses are based on pattern matching in the abstract syntax tree of the C/C++ program to find simple programming mistakes. -bash-2.05>echo "test1 test test2" | grep -Fw test -bash-2.05> Option −F prescribes that the pattern expression is used as a string to perform matching. We have thus decided to combine navigational probing with FSMs and present a new method SINGLEDFA for this category. In a first step the name is converted to its unique SMILES representation: For each matching SMARTS pattern  , we set the corresponding bit to 1. Exact pattern matching in a suux tree involves one partial traversal per query.  We show the efficient coordination of queries spanning multiple peers. This paper has explored the integration of traditional database pattern matching operators and numeric scientific operators. These patterns  , such as looking for copular constructions and appositives  , were either hand-constructed or learned from a training corpus. The patterns used in ILQUA are automatically learned and extracted. However in some situations  , external knowledge is helpful  , the challenge here is how to acquire and apply external knowledge. The what questions that are classified by patterns are in Table  ? For query generation  , we modify verb constructions with auxiliaries that differ in questions and corresponding answers  , e.g. " The system then builds semantic representation for both the question and the selected sentences. We found that 12 ,006 reports had one visit associated while 2 ,387 of the reports had more than or equal to 10 visits. Besides generating seed patterns  , the Pattern Matching method also relies on the ability of tagging the words correctly. An example of the pattern matching operation is shown in Figure 19 The 'anchor' input line could be pulsed with arrival of every text character  , in which case the operations will take place in the 'unanchored' mode. This occurs because  , during crawling  , only the links matching the regular expression in the navigation pattern are traversed. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. When certain characters are found in an argument  , they cause replacement of that argument by a sorted list of zero or more file names obtained by pattern-matching on the contents of directories. Most characters match themselves. In general  , mining specifications through pattern matching produces a large result set. Previous work 10  , 18  , 25 on mining alternating specifications has largely focused on developing efficient ranking and selection mechanisms . For the first matching pattern  , the exception handler of that catch block is executed. No matching pattern indicates that PAR cannot generate a successful patch for a bug since no fix template has appropriate editing scripts. Word expert parsers 77  seem particularly suitable ; the TOPIC system employs one to condense information from article abstracts into frames 39. In particular  , there are two sets of rules predicates which work together to identify the set of successor tasks. EDITOR is a procedural language 4 for extraction and restructuring of text from arbitrary documents. by embedding meta data with RDFa. outline preliminaries in Sect. The deletion of triples also removes the knowledge that has been inferred from these triples. Relevant datasets are selected using the predicate-matching method  , that a triple pattern is assigned to datasets that contains its predicate. There is often not much texture in indoor man-made environments for high coverage dense stereo matching. Accordingly  , it is able to localize points more precisely even if an image is suffering from noise. On the other hand  , pattern matching method performs directly on original image. We use a method  , which is based on binary morphological operation  , to recognize the micro tube. During the preliminary system learning two binary images are formed fig. Also  , this method can be accelerated using hierarchical methods like in the pattern matching approach. Biological swarm members often exhibit behavioral matching based on the localized group's pattern  , such that behaviors are synchronized 4. Figure 9shows an interesting inversed staircase pattern due to the reverse presentation order. Our second major enhancement to traditional parallel coordinates visualization allows the user to query shapes based on approximate pattern matching. However  , conversations are bound to evolve in different conversational patterns  , leading to a progressive decay in the matching ambiguity. SA first identifies the T-expression  , and tries to find matching sentiment patterns. Note that figures 7 and 8 represent matching results of the sequences grouped into the same cluster. To determine relevant sources we first need to identify the region in data space that contains all possible triples matching the pattern. It matches the exact source code fragment selected by the user and all the other source code fragments that are textually similar to the selection whitespace and comments are ignored by the pattern matcher. For example  , the proximity function can be evaluated by keeping track of the word count in relation to specified set of pattern matches. The elementary graph pattern is called a basic graph pattern BGP; it is a set of triple patterns which are RDF triples that may contain variables at the subject  , predicate  , and object position. The C-SPARQL 1 extension enabled the registration of continuous SPARQL queries over RDF streams  , thus  , bridging data streams with knowledge bases and enabling stream reasoning. Two important types of patterns are the value change pattern and the failure pattern. Basic quadruple pattern matching is not directly applicable  , if an expression " GRAPH γ " appears outside a complex triple pattern . These potential problems are highlighted to the engineer using visual annotations on the EUC model elements. In terms of CASE tools support  , we are testing a few mechanisms that allow generation of constraints for pattern verification as well as matching rules for pattern recovery given a UML design model. This model can represent insertion  , deletion and framing errors as well as substitution errors. Then extracted sentences are scanned  , detecting the constructs matching the template < person1 >< pattern >< person2 > such as <Barack Obama><and his rival><John McCain>  , using a person names dictionary and a sliding window with a pattern length of three words. To reduce noise in the data we exclude pairs with identical names and discard overly long sentences and patterns. The individual right that the teacher Martin holds  , allowing him to reproduce an excerpt of the musical piece during a lesson  , is derived from the successful matching between the instances describing the intended action and the instances describing the pattern. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. Thus in the experiments below  , for the target set any attribute value that is not specifically of interest as specified by the target pattern retains its original value for determining matching rules. 3 Many research works for the repeating patterns have been on an important subtype: the tandem repeats 10  , where repeating copies occur together in the sequence. The matching degree is calculated in two parts. On the other hand  , the pattern in Figure 2a will not capture all resale activities due to the limitation of using the single account matching. Nevertheless  , such pattern matching is well supported in current engines  , by using inverted lists– our realization can build upon similar techniques. For example   , one cannot constrain the matching of events that logically match various parts of the same event pattern to those events that were generated by the same user or on the same machine. Nevertheless  , we anticipate that pattern-matching operations on NEUMES data as distinct from literal string matching will be required during melodic search and comparison operations. Incorporating individual slots' probabilities enables the bigram model to allow partial matching  , which is a characteristic of soft pattern matching. In other words  , even if some slots cannot be matched  , the bigram model can still yield a high match score by combining those matched slots' unigram probabilities. If no handler is found in the whole call stack  , the exception handler mechanism either propagates a general exception or the program is terminated. In LOTUS  , query text is approximately matched to existing RDF literals and their associated documents and IRI resources Req1. To train these semantic matching models  , we need to collect three training sets  , formed by pairs of question patterns and their true answer type/pseudopredicate/entity pairs. The tool implementation of MATA has been extended to include matching of any fragments using AGG as the back-end graph rule execution engine.  The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. Rose starts by invoking a traditional pattern matching and lexicon based information extraction engine. Techniques were used for query expansion  , tokenization  , and eliminating results due solely to matching an acronym on the query side with an acronymic MeSH term. However the matching is not straightforward because of the two reasons. Consider a software system that is modeled by its inheritance and containment graphs  , and the task is to analyze how many instances of the design pattern Composite are used in the design of the system. During the training session  , the above extraction pattern is applied to the web page and the first table matching the pattern is returned as the web clip. This is presented to the user by Figure 4: Training session highlighting the clipped element with a blue border. Therefore  , in the following components we treat URLs matching with each pattern as a separate source of information. If a sample graph vertex label matches the pattern but is not correctly mapped to the model graph vertex then the fitness of the projection is reduced. Matching of a substantial part of an extracted EUC model to an EUC pattern indicates potential incompleteness and/or incorrectness at the points of deviation from the pattern. As part of an earlier task on a system that supported the visualization of object connections in a distributed system  , the subject had implemented a locking mechanism to allow only one method of an object to execute at one time. 3 In case some attributes are non-nullable  , we use SET DEFAULT to reset attributes values to their default value. Certainly  , if the lexicon is available in main memory it can be scanned using normal pattern rnatching techniques to locate partially specified terms. Each of the rewriting patterns contains a * symbol  , which encodes the required position of the answer in the text with respect to the pattern. In the next section  , we will see that estimating the intended path from an incomplete sequence of the subject's motion even after it is started holds technical utility. Each fragment matching a triple pattern fragment is divided into pages  , each page contains 100 triples. Thus  , by saving the 3D edge identifiers in dlata points of a CP pattern  , correspondence between the model edges and the image edges can be obtained after matching. This is done without any overhead in the procedure of counting conditional databases. Pattern-based approaches  , on the other hand  , represent events as spatio-temporal patterns in sensor readings and detect events using efficient pattern matching techniques. In the first case  , the Triplify script searches a matching URL pattern for the requested URL  , replaces potential placeholders in the associated SQL queries with matching parts in the request URL  , issues the queries and transforms the returned results into RDF cf. Moreover   , the advantage of using this software and pattern is to eliminate human-introduced errors in the selection and matching of points. A truly robust solution needs to include other techniques  , such as machine learning applied to instances  , natural language technology  , and pattern matching to reuse known matches. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate sentences or passages and a list of named entities are generated as answer candidate. For each subphrase in the list we use cgrep – a pattern matching program for extracting minimal matching strings Clarke 1995 to extract the minimal spans of text in the document containing the subphrase. In addition to weighting the importance of matching data in the high-information regions  , it would also be appropriate to weight the most current data more strongly. Characteristics of projective transformation is also utilized to perform correspondences between two coordinate systems and to extract points. The pattern matching for the rules is done by recursive search with optimisations  , such as identifying an optimal ordering for the evaluation of the rules and patterns. Like ML  , it has important features such as pattern matching and higher-order functions  , while allowing the use of updatable references. The advantages of this type of programming language in compiler-like tools is well-known 1. XOBE is an extension of Java  , which does support XPath expressions  , but subtyping is structural. But they cannot combine data streams with evolving knowledge  , and they cannot perform reasoning tasks over streaming data. Secondly  , having a more accurate selection in an incremental transformation allows minimizing the instructions that need to be re-evaluated. Clearly  , video indexing is complex and many factors influence both how people select salient segments. The Jena graph implementation for non-inference in-memory models supports the look-up for the number of triples matching either a subject  , a predicate or an object of a triple pattern. 630 where Φ 1 and Φ 2 are relations representing variable assignments and their annotations. In standard SPARQL query forms  , such as SE- LECT and CONSTRUCT  , allow to specify how resulting variable bindings or RDF graphs  , respectively  , are formed based on the solutions from graph pattern matching 15 . We proposed VERT  , to solve these content problems   , by introducing relational tables to index values. In addition to the data provided by Zimmermann et al. The argument p is often called a template  , and its fields contain either actuals or formals. In the literature " approximate string matching " also refers to the problem of finding a pattern string approximately in a text. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. At each point  , partial or total pattern matching is performed  , depending on the existing partial matches and the current node. Thus  , treating a Web repository as an application of a text retrieval system will support the " document collection " view. The set of common attributes is preconfigured as domain knowledge  , which is used in attribute matching as well. A large body of work in combinatorial pattern matching deals with problems of approximate retrieval of strings 2  , 11. We designed our method for databases and files where records are stored once and searched many times. In the general computer science literature  , pattern matching is among the fundamental problems with many prominent contributions 4 . Surface text pattern matching has been adopted by some researchers Ravichandran & Hovy 2002  , Soubbotin 2002 in building QA system during the last few years. ple sentence to pattern  , and then shows a matching sentence. From all these images  , the software mentioned above detected matching points on the calibration pattern for each pan and tilt configuration. Most current models of the emotion generation or formation are focused on the cognitive aspects. Systems like EP-SPARQL 4 define pattern matching queries through a set of primitive operators e.g. Thus question answering cannot be reduced to mere pattern matching  , but requires firstorder theorem proving. Further  , research methods and contextual relations are identified using a list of identified indicator phrases. More like real life.. pattern matching using the colours can be used for quicker reference. " In parallel  , semantic similarity measures have been developed in the field of information retrieval  , e.g. First  , the new documents are parsed to extract information matching the access pattern of the refined path. We compared the labels sizes of four labeling schemes in Table 2. Finally  , K query partitions are created by assigning the queries in the i th bucket of any pattern to query partition i. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 To accomplish creation of inventory on future patterns   , a trigger as implemented in DBAL is defined . It entails a match step to find all rules with a context pattern matching the current context. Building on the suffix array   , it also incorporates ideas embedded in the Burrows-Wheeler transform. This restriction is not essential  , since those pattern-matching expressions could perfectly well generate a nested structure. Given an external concept  , we perform a pattern matching on the thesaurus  , made of the following operations : a-1 inclusion step : We look for a thesaurus item i.e a clique which includes the given group. The resulting fingerprint for Sildenafil is 1100. Therefore  , it is effective in giving the number n of unmatched characters permitted on pattern matching. Thus  , the larger the text collection is  , the greater the probability that simple pattern matching techniques will yield the correct answer. A considerable number of NEs of person  , organization and location appear in texts with no obvious surface patterns to be captured. We used pattern matching to extract and normalize this information. We have plans on generating classifiers for slot value extraction purposes. This automatic slot filling system contains three steps. In evaluations  , we only vary the definition pattern matching module while holding constant all other components and their parameters. Additionally  , ultrasonic diagnosis images were obtained for which pattern matching was performed to measure the virtual target position. Normally  , the For the detection of the same object rotated around the z-axis of the image plane  , the template has to be rotated and searched from scratch. Detection time with angle increment 6 5 5 varies between 2-4 seconds. In other words  , the object features used for pattern matching refer to the latter distribution. The generation of potential candidates i s performed by Prolog's pattern matching. Our stereo-vision system has been designed specifically for QRIO. Each sign is recognized by matching the operator's finger positions to the corresponding pattern acquired during calibration. Each of the 41 QA track runs ~ ,vas re-scored using the pattern matching judgments. However they are quite often used probably  , unconsciously! Consequently searches need to be based on similarity or analogy – and not on exact pattern-matching. The testing system of improved pre-decode pattern matching circuit is described in Figure 7. . which the other components on this level rely. Each size of the model of quadrangle  , each location of the pattern matching model  , and the location of the center of iris are established. An online pattern matching mechanism comparing the sensor stream to the entire library of already known contexts is  , however  , computational complex and not yet suitable for today's wearable devices. In general  , introducing uncertainty into pattern discovery in temporal event sequences will risk for the computational complexity problem. The time points are identified for the best matching of the segments with pattern templates. Second  , we allow for some degree of tolerance when we try to establish a matching between the vertex-coordinates of the pattern and its supporting transaction. Entity annotation systems  , datasets and configurations like experiment type  , matching or measure are implemented as controller interfaces easily pluggable to the core controller. Whenever a context change is detected  , the change is immediately examined to decide its influence on pat. words are mapped to their base forms thus completely solving the problem with the generation of plural forms. Unlike the approach presented in this paper  , PORE does not incorporate world knowledge  , which would be necessary for ontology building and extension. Most approaches applicable to our problem formulation use some form of pattern matching to identify definition sentences. In a similar fashion  , it keeps track of the provenance of all entities being retrieved in the projections getEntity. Similar to most existing approaches  , our information extractor can only be applied to web pages with uniform format. These techniques have also been used to extend WordNet by Wikipedia individuals 21 . Multi-level grouping can be efficiently supported in V ERT G . Traditional twig pattern matching techniques suffer from problems dealing with contents  , such as difficulty in data content management and inefficiency in performing content search. From a matching logic perspective  , unlike in other program verification logics  , program variables like root are not logical variables; they are simple syntactic constants. The generated pattern is concrete  , that is  , it contains no wildcards and no matching constraints. 31  , extracted the data from the Eclipse code repository and bug database and mapped defects to source code locations files using some heuristics based on pattern matching. The time overhead of event instrumentation and pattern matching is approximately 300 times to the program execution. Pattern matching checks the attributes of events or variables. -Named Entity analyzer uses language specific context-sensitive rules based on word features recognition pattern matching. Our approach combines a number of complementary technologies  , including information retrieval and various linguistic and extraction tools e.g. The weight of the matched sub-tree of a pattern is defined by the formula: For the evaluation of the importance of partially matching sub-trees we use a scoring scheme defined in Kouylekov and Tanev  , 2004. We describe herein a Web based pattern mining and matching approach to question answering. For the Streaming Slot Filling task  , our system achieved the goal of filling slots by employing a pattern learning and matching method. Instead of building a classifier we use pattern matching methods to find corresponding slot values for entities. The traditional method employed by PowerAnswer to extract nuggets is to execute a definition pattern matching module. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and then applies the soft-pattern model for matching these definition sentences. Also  , there is a need to find ways to integrate numberic matching into the soft pattern models. To facilitate pattern matching   , all verbs are replaced by their infinitives and all nouns by their singular forms. This subsection gives an overview of the basic ideas and describes recent enhancements to improve the recall of answer extraction. Graph matching has been a research focus for decades 2  , especially in pattern recognition  , where the wealth of literature cannot be exhausted. Yet usually  , there are many possible ways to syntactically express one piece of semantic information making a na¨ıvena¨ıve syntactic " pattern matching " approach problematic at best. Since they end with the word died  , we use pattern matching to remove them from the historic events. Automatic music summarization approaches can be classified into machine learning based approaches 1 ,2 ,3 and pattern matching based approaches 4 ,5 ,6. An interesting goal of an intelligent IRS may be to retrieve information which can be deduced from the basic knowledoe given by the thesaurus. Flexible parsing methods  , often based on pattern matching  , are of value in these situations 41. We take both patterns and test instances as sequences of lexical and syntactic tokens. When conducted on free texts  , an IE system can also suffer from various unseen instances not being matched by trained patterns. Here  , " Architecture " is an expression of the pattern-matching sublanguage. Other words in the question might be represented in the question by a synonym which will not be found by simple pattern matching. We have shown that a mixed algebra and type model can be used to perform algebraic specification and optimization of scientific computations. We describe a novel string pattern matching principle  , called n-gram search  , first proposed in preliminary form in 10. Using it for pattern matching promises much higher efficiency than using the original record. This is the biggest challenge of rewriting XSLT into XQuery. The rules with the highest weights then indicate the recommenders to be applied. The third interaction module that we implemented is a rhythmic phrase-matching improvisation module. Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. This ensures that there is no simple pattern  , such as the query always precisely matching the title of the page in question. Although we endeavored to keep queries short  , we did not sacrifice preciseness to do so. At the end of this phase  , the logical database subset has been produced. Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. Rule writing requires some knowledge of the JAPE pattern-matching lan- guage 11 and ANNIE annotations. In the Collocation matching activity  , students compete in pairs to match parts of a collocation pattern. Listing 1 shows an example query. Fig.5shows an example of model location setting on the basis of the inputted eye image. Then the position data are transmitted to each the satellite. For assessing pattern validity  , we use a simple measure based on the relative frequency of matching contexts in the context set. The procedure of creating start-point list is illustrated in Fig. Moreover  , patterns can only be determined from the unencrypted segment i.e. Others 51  , 32 can automatically infer rules by mining existing software; they raise warnings if violations of the rules occur. The first context instance in Figure 1has a matching relation with the first pattern in Figure 2.  We propose two optimizations based on semantic information like object and property  , which can further enhance the query performance. Thus at the end of initialization  , each tp-node has a BitMat associated with it which contains only the triples matching that triple pattern. In general we observed that a small but specific set of attributes are sufficient indicators of a navigational page. While Prolog is based on unification and backtracking  , B is based on a simple but powerful pattern-matching mechanism whose application is guided by tactics. The scope of these free variables is restricted to the rule where they appear just like for Prolog clauses. For example  , one instrumentation rule states " Measure the response time of all calls to JDBC " . Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed. Leading data structures utilized for this purpose are suffix trees 11 and suffix arrays 2. For brevity  , we have omitted most of the components used to support keyword queries. For example  , suppose an input text contains 20 desired data records  , and a maximal repeat that occurs 25 times enumerates 18 of them. In our work  , a rule-based approach using string pattern matching is applied to generate a set of features. 5  employed a simple method which defines several manuallyconstructed definition patterns to extract definition phrases. This definition of basic graph pattern matching treats positively matched statement patterns as in 4. For example  , the extended VarTrees and TagTrees of example Q1 and Q2 are depicted in Figure 6respectively. In reporting on KMS for TREC 2004  , we described in detail the major types of functions employed: XML  , linguistic  , dictionary  , summarization  , and miscellaneous string and pattern matching. A list of over 150 positive and negative precomputed patterns is loaded into memory. The composition of the patterns  , the testing methodology  , and the results  , are detailed in Fernandes  , 2004. It does not have natural language understanding capabilities  , but employs simple pattern matching and statistics. The idea of partial pattern matching is based on the assumption that the answer is usually surrounded by keywords and their synonyms. Geometric hashing 14 has been proposed aa a technique for fast indexing. The main difference is however  , that XSLT templates are activated as a result of dynamic pattern matching while XQuery functions are invoked explicitly. The strategy of the pattern-matching can be ruled by an action planner able to dynamically define partial goals to reach. The patterns are assumed to be always right-adjusted in each cascade. RDF triples can also be removed from the knowledge base by providing a statement pattern matching the triples to be deleted delete. This principle will be applied decoupling the functional properties from the non functional properties matching. The other extracts the structure in some way from the text parsing  , recognizing markup  , etc. We conduct a series of extrinsic experiments using the two soft pattern models on TREC definitional QA task test data. Definition pattern matching is the most important feature used for identifying definitions. Providing formal models for modeling contextual lexico-syntactic patterns is the main contribution of this work. In this paper  , we use correlation based pattern' matching to realize the recognition of the oosperm and micro tube in real time. We assume that the occurrence of significant patterns in nonchronological order is more likely to arise as a local phenomenon than a global one. The grep program searches one or more input files for lines containing a match to a specified pattern  , and prints out matching lines. We can therefore define the notion of a strand  , which is a set of substrings that share one same matching pattern. In the tradeoff between space and time  , most existing graph matching approaches assume static data graphs and hence prefer to pre-compute the transitive closure or build variablelength path indexes to trade space for efficient pattern matching. For instantiation   , we exploit an index as well as a pattern library that links properties with natural language predicates. The matching percentage is used because the pattern may contain only a portion of the data record. Pattern inflexibility: Whether using corpus-based learning techniques or manually creating patterns  , to our knowledge all previous systems create hard-coded rules that require strict matching i.e. Although such hard patterns are widely used in information extraction 10  , we feel that definition sentences display more variation and syntactic flexibility that may not be captured by hard patterns. In addition to surface text pattern matching  , we also adopt N-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate passages and a list of named entities are extracted as answer candidate. We empirically showed that these two search paradigms outperform other search techniques  , including the ones that perform exact matching of normalized expressions or subexpressions and the one that performs keyword search. The input sources include data from lexico-syntactical pattern matching  , head matching and subsumption heuristics applied to domain text. Afterwards  , the location of eye can be measured by detecting a agreement part with the paltern matching model in the eye image input. In this paper  , we have proposed  , designed and implemented a pattern matching NIDS based on CIDF architecture and mature intrusion detection technology  , and presented the detailed scheme and frame structure. In a first pilot study 71  , we determined whether the tasks have suitable difficulty and length. The relationship between context instances and patterns is called the matching relation  , which is mathematically represented by the belong-to set operator . PORE is a holistic pattern matching approach  , which has been implemented for relation-instance extraction from Wikipedia. With that improvement one can still write filenames such as *.txt. The matching problem is then defined as verifying whether GS is embedded in GP or isomorphic to one or more subgraphs of GP . The restriction of axes in XSLT has been introduced for performance reasons and the goal was to allow efficient pattern matching. In the following  , we give some formulas in order to perform pattern matching between expressions and patterns. Each URL not matching any patterns is regarded as a single pattern. These approaches use information extraction technologies that include pattern matching  , natural-language parsing  , and statistical learning 25  , 9  , 4  , 1  , 23  , 20  , 8 . In order to define these two functions we need the statistics defined in Table 1 . It is less restrictive than subgraph isomorphism  , and can be determined in quadratic time 16. That also explains why many twig pattern matching techniques  , e.g. For example  , we use the POS tag sequence between the entity pairs as a candidate extraction pattern. KIM has a rule-based  , human-engineered IE system  , which uses the ontology structure during pattern matching and instance disambiguation. In order to express extractions of parts of the messages a pattern matching approach is chosen. 2 Specification based on set-theoretic notations. Seven propositions  , or " patterns " in were found. In typical document search  , it is also commonly used– e.g. Our FiST system matches twig patterns holistically using the idea of encoding XML documents and twig patterns into Prüfer sequences 17. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. Since the automata model was originally designed for matching patterns over strings  , it is a natural paradigm for structural pattern retrieval on XML token streams 7  , 8  , 4. Then  , this information is encoded as an Index Fabric key and inserted into the index. Users can request creation of a track by giving patterns for instrument names. The algebraic properties of AS allow us to quickly calculate the AS of an n-gram from the CAS encoded record. To achieve this goal we should re-formulate queries avoiding " redundant " conditions. This allows us to detect if the equation contains certain types of common algebraic structures . Here  , pattern matching can be considered probabilistic generation of test sequences based on training sequences. Previously  , a list of over 200 positive and negative pre-computed patterns was loaded into memory. We rely on hand-crafted pattern-matching rules to identify the main headings  , in order to build different indices and allow for field-based search. To identify the target of a question  , pattern matching is applied to assign one of the 18 categories to the question. SOM 14Self Organizing Map or SOFM Self Organizing Feature Map shares the same philosophy to produce low dimension from high dimension. b Self-Organizing Map computed for trajectory-oriented data 20. The training of each single self-orgzmizing map follows the basic seiforganizing map learning rule. An interesting property of hierarchical feature maps is the tremendous speed-up as compared to the self-organizing map. Searching in time series data can effectively be supported by visual interactive query specification and result visualization. Another example of visualization techniques of this category is self-organizing map SOM. Abnormal aging and fault will result in deviations with respect to normal conditions. Moreover  , the self-organidng map was used in 29 for text claeaiflcation. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. By determining the size of the map the user can decide which level of abstraction she desires. Locating a piece of music on the map then leaves you with similar music next to it  , allowing intuitive exploration of a music archive. Usually  , the Euclidean distance between the weight vector and the input pattern is used to calculate a unit's activation. Finally  , as a result of these first two steps  , the " cleaned " database can be used as input to a Self-Organizing Map with a " proper " distance for trajectories visualization. Vectors with three components are completed with zero values. As a result of this transformation we now have equi-distant data samples in each frequency band. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. For each output unit in one layer of the hierarchy a two-dimensional self-organizing map is added to the next layer. Similar to the works described in this paper  , a Self-Organizing Map is used to cluster the resulting feature vectors. These feature vectors are further used for training a Self-Organizing Map. The difference is the risk to loose the exact plot locations over the original projection. After all documents are indexed  , the data are aggregated and sent to the Self-Organizing Map for categorization. Input vectors composed of range-to-obstacle indicators' readouts and direction-to-goal indicator readouts are partitioned into one of predefined perceptual situation classes. The Self-Organizing Map generated a The Arizona Noun Phraser allowed subjects to narrow and refine their searches as well as provided a list of key phrases that represented the collection. The effect of such a dimension reduction in keyword-baaed document mpmmmtation and aubeequent self-organizing map training with the compreaaed input patterns is described in 32 . Another very promising work is 15 which uses a self-organizing feature map SOFM 12 in order to generate a map of documents where documents dealing with similar topics are located near each other. A self-organizing feature map consists of a two-dimensional array of units; each unit is connected to n input nodes  , and contains a ndimensional vector Wii wherein i ,j identifies the unit at location Ci ,jJ of the array. The SOM solution for getting the tabular view would be to construct a self organizing map over the bidimensional projection. Furthermore  , if a general optimality criterion is given at runtime  , a global optimum can be sought along the lower-dimensional self-motion manifold rather than in the complete n-dimensional configuration space. Experimental results organizing an archive of MP3 music are presented in Section 4  , followed by some conclusions as well as an outlook on future work in Section 5. Probably one of the more important advantages is that generative topographic mapping should be open for rigorous mathematical treatment  , an area where the self- . To help analyze the behavior of our method we used a Self-Organizing Map via the SOM-PAK package 9  , to 'flatten' and visualize the high-dimensional density function 2 . In the CI Spider study  , subjects believed it was easier to find useful information using CI Spider with a score of 3.97/5.00 than using Lycos domain search 3.33 or manual within-site browsing and searching 3.23. In section 6 experimental results are reported and in section 7 a conclusion is given. In ll  the classification task is performed by a self-organizing Kohonen's map. The SOM is designed to create a two-dimensional representation of cells topologically arranged according to the inherent metric ordering relations between the samples in the feature space. In order to use the self-organizing map to cluster text documents  , the various texts have to be represented as the histogram of its words. In Figure 6we provide a typical result from training a self-organizing map with the NIHCL data. Using this similarity in a self organizing map  , we found clusters from visitor sessions  , which allow us to study the user behavior in the web. The Arizona Noun Phraser developed at the University of Arizona is the indexing tool used to index the key phrases that appear in each document collected from the Internet by the Internet Spiders. The density maps for three TREC topics are shown in Figure 2above. F@re 6 shows in fact a highly similar classification rum .dt  , in that the various documents are arranged within the two-dimensional output space of the self-organizing map m concordance with their mutual fictional similarity. To summarize the results  , the experiments indicated that basically the came cluster results can be achieved by spending only a fhction of time for the training proceua. Among the most prominent projects in this arena is the WEBSOM system 12 representing over 1 million Usenet newsgroup articles in a single huge SOM. This is followed by a presentation of our approach to automatic organization of music archives by sound similarity in Section 3  , covering feature extraction  , the principles of the Self-Organizing Map  , and the two-layered architecture used to organize music. If information about the topological order of the training data is provided  , or can be inferred   , only a very small data set is required. In order to achieve a higher resolution in the Cspace and to efficiently use the occupied main memory  , we developed a reorganization mechanism of the C-space  , based on Kohonen's self-organizing feature map  , which is stated in section 5. Each neuron computes the Euclidean distance between the input vector x and the stored weight vector Wii. The mapping to the dual plane and the use of arrangements provides an intuitive framework for representing and maintaining the rankings of all possible top-k queries in a non-redundant  , self-organizing manner. To investigate the robustness of this method  , we added the every type ofnoise to the integrated dataset of the three objects and examined rohustness of maps for categorization tasks under that various conditions. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. This evolution will be characterized by a trajectory on a two-dimensional Self-Organizing Map. The similarity introduced  , can be very useful to increase the knowledge about the visitor behavior in the web. One drawback of these types of systems especially for portable devices is that they require large screen real estate and significant visual attention from the user. An exact positioning of the borderline between the various groups of similar documents  , however  , is not as intuitively to datarmine as with hierarchical feature maps that are presented above. Using Kohonen maps allow the robot to organize the models of the three objects based on its embodiment without the designer's intervention because of the self-organizing characteristic of the map. In order to compare to DBSCAN  , we only use the number of points here since DBSCAN can only cluster points according to their spatial location. Moreover  , DBSCAN requires a human participant to determine the global parameter Eps. DBSCAN parameters were set to match the expected point density of the bucket surface. Basically  , DBSCAN is based on notion of density reachability. DBSCAN must set Eps large enough to detect some clusters. proposed the Incremental-DBSCAN in 2. introduced an incremental version of DBSCAN 10. DBSCAN makes use of an R* tree to achieve good performance. The authors illustrate that DBSCAN can be used to detect clusters of any shape and can outperform CLARANS by a large margin up to several orders of magnitude. In DBSCAN a cluster is defined as a set of densely-connected points controlled by  which maximize density-reachability and must contain at least M inP ts points. Since a cluster in DBSCAN contains at least one core object  , MinP ts also defines the minimum number of objects in a cluster. DBSCAN has two parameters: Eps and MinPts. K to approximate the result of DBSCAN. The value that results in the best performance is shown in the graphs for DBSCAN. It uses R*-tree to achieve better performance. The consolidated stoppage points are subsequently clustered using a modified DBSCAN technique to get the identified truck stops. Clusters are then formed based on these concepts. 14  recently analyze places and events in a collection of geotagged photos using DBSCAN. DBSCAN expands a cluster C as follows. On the flip side  , DBSCAN can be quite sensitive to the values of eps and MinPts  , and choosing correct values for these parameters is not that easy. We define the speed-upfuctor as the ratio of the cost of DBSCAN applied to the database after all insertions and deletions and the cost of m calls of IncrementalDBSCAN once for each of the insertions resp. Applied to the gene expression data  , DBSCAN found 6 relatively large clusters where the fraction of genes with functional relationships was rather small. We estimate that DBSCAN also runs roughly 15 times faster and show the estimated running time of DBSCAN in the following table as a function of point set cardinality. In this paper  , we assumed that the parameter values Eps and MinPts of DBSCAN do not change significantly when inserting and deleting objects. The figures depict the resulting clusters found by DBSCAN for two different values for and a fixed value for M inP ts; noise objects in these figures are shown as circles. However  , it requires the setting of two parameters: DBSCAN does not require the definition a-priori of the number of clusters to extract. The results and evaluations are reported in Section 5. Now  , we can calculate the speed-up factor of IncrementalDBSCAN versus DBSCAN. First  , our proposal performs consistently better than the best DBScan results obtained with cmin = 3. In DBSCAN  , the density concept is introduced by the notations: Directly density-reachable  , Density-reachable  , and Densityconnected . However  , because objects are organized into lineal formations  , the larger Eps is  , the larger void pad is. Each cluster is a maximum set of density-connected points. We implemented PreDeCon as well as the three comparative methods DBSCAN  , PROCLUS  , and DOC in JAVA. CHAMELEON requires the setting of the number of clusters to he sought  , which is generally not known. We can see that DBSCAN is 2-3 times slower than both SPARCL and Chameleon on smaller datasets. Eps and MinPts " in the following whenever it is clear from the context. In the case of DBSCAN the index finds the correct number of clusters that is three. Comparison with DBSCAN. Concluding remarks are offered in Section 4. DBSCAN proved very sensitive to the parameter settings. The resulting point cloud is a smooth continuous surface with all outliers removed. Scalability experiments were performed on 3d datasets as well. The tripwise LTD file records are indexes of consolidated stoppages made during trips. The DBSCAN technique was modified with KD-trees to reduce the computational complexity. The local clusters are represented by special objects that have the best representative power. Note that the definition of " Noise " is equivalent to DBSCAN. 1 who propose a hierarchical version of DBSCAN called OPTICS. Figure 1show an example where no global density threshold exists that can separate all three natural clusters  , and consequently  , DBSCAN cannot find the intrinsic cluster structure of the dataset. Table 2. shows an example of records that could be mistakenly clustered together by DBSCAN without an integrity check. However  , there may be applications where this assumption does not hold  , i.e. These outliers were removed using DBSCAN to identify low density noise. Of course  , in this example DBSCAN itself could have found the two clusters. DBSCAN successfully identifies different types of patterns of user-system interaction that can be interpreted in light of how users interact with WorldCat. k since for each core point there are at least MinPts points excluding itself within distance Eps. Streemer on the other hand first finds candidate clusters and then only merges them if the resulting cluster is highly cohesive. A region query returns all objects intersecting a specified query region. An object o is directly density reachable from another object o if it is not farther away than a given density radius ε and o is surrounded more than θ objects. The distribution of these points is shown in Fig 9. DBSCAN is used to cluster the entire data set. For OP- TICS  , M inP ts is set to a fixed value so that density-based clusters of different densities are characterized by different values for . Then  , DBSCAN visits the next object of the database D. The retrieval of density-reachable objects is performed by successive region queries.  We complement our quantitative evaluation with a qualitative one Section 5. But in high-dimensional spaces the parameter ε specifying the density threshold must be chosen very large  , because a lot of dimensions contribute to the distance values. So MinP ts must be large enough to distinguish noise and clusters. In our application of DBSCAN  , all the terms in documents were tokenized  , stemmed using Porter stemmer  , and stopwords were removed. Distance between documents was computed as 1 -cosine similarity. Advantages of these schemes include the ability to segment non convex shapes  , identify noise  , and automatically estimate the number of partitions in a data set. In Section 4 we introduce DBSCAN with constraints and extend it to run in online fashion. To find a cluster  , DBSCAN starts with an arbitrary object p in D and retrieves all objects of D density-reachable from p with respect to Eps and MinPfs. In this example  , P-DBSCAN forms better clusters since it takes local density into account. For each run of DBSCAN on the biological data sets  , we chose the parameters according to 5 using a k-nn-distance graph. The main advantages of DBSCAN are that it does not require the number of desired clusters as an input  , and it explicitly identifies outliers. However  , even for these small datasets  , the spectral approach ran out of memory. Table 1 summarizes the clusters and shows mean values for the original features  , as well as stability scores. In relation to DBSCAN unstable clusters represent data points that should either have formed part of another cluster or should have been classified as noise. Aside from being easy to implement and having an agreeable time complexity  , DBSCAN has many relevant advantages including its capacity to form arbitrarily shaped clusters and to automatically detect outliers. DBSCAN's ability to distinguish between points of varying density is limited while SNN can identify uniformly low density clusters by analysing the shared nearest neighbours between points. Knowledge of previous objects can be maintained for short durations if temporally occluded or when an object is missed due to the number of matched key-points dropping below the minP ts threshold required by DBSCAN. Streemer also requires similar parameters  , but we found that it is not sensitive to them. Obviously  , the larger void pad is  , the more chance to include noise data into a cluster  , which can cause chain affection   , and hence lower quality of density. DBSCAN is a typical density-based method which connects regions with sufficiently high density into clusters. As we can see SPARCL also perfectly identifies the shape-based clusters in these datasets. In this section we present the empirical results of SSDB- SCAN and compare it with DBSCAN and HISSCLU. According to the density-based definition  , a cluster consists of the minimum number of points MinPts to eliminate very small clusters as noise; and for every point in the cluster  , there exists another point in the same cluster whose distance is less than the distance threshold Eps points are densely located. From results presented in Section 4  , the indications are that the most unstable clusters clusters 8  , 9 and 10 should probably have formed part of other more stable clusters. One possible reason for this could be the fact that the parameter of DBSCAN is a global parameter and cannot be adjusted per-cluster. Points with fewer than minP ts in their ǫ neighbourhood are considered as noise within the DBSCAN framework  , unless on the boundary of a dense cluster. This classifier is initialised with the initial clusters found in the first pair of frames and then incrementally updated there after. In a data warehouse  , however  , the databases may have frequent updates and thus may be rather dynamic. The night sky is one example; as the magnification level is adjusted  , one will identify different groupings or clusters. Figure 2illustrates results of FIRES in comparison to SUBCLU  , and CLIQUE applied on a synthetic dataset containing three clusters of significantly varaying dimensionality and density. Parameter values of = 0.4 and M inP ts = 200 were chosen through empirical investigation. Previous work in person name disambiguation can be generally be categorized as either supervised or unsupervised approaches. For instance  , Deng  , Chuang  , and Lemmens  , 2009 use DBSCAN to cluster Flickr photos   , and they exploit tag co-occurrence to characterize the discovered clusters. Additionally  , if we were to pick the minimum-cost solution out of multiple trials for the local search methods  , the differences in the performance between BBC-Press vs. DBSCAN and Single Link becomes even more substantial  , e.g. We made similar observations when we applied DB- SCAN to the metabolome data: the computed clusters contained newborns with all sorts of class labels. Finally  , the notion of the representative trajectory of a cluster is provided. The problem of finding global density parameters has also been observed by Ankerst et al. DBSCAN produced a group of 10 clusters from the log data with around 20% classified as 'noise' – points too far away from any of the produced clusters to be considered for inclusion and discarded from further analyses. However   , before drawing inferences from the resulting clusters it is essential to validate the results to reduce the possibility that the clusters were identified by chance and do not actually reflect differences in the underlying data. Furthermore  , our work combines a streaming DBSCAN method along with constraints requirements that are not only at the instance level  , but also at the cluster level. As a result  , the result of STING approaches that of DBSCAN when the granularity approaches zero. Such queries are supported efficiently by spatial access methods such as R*trees BKSS 903 for data from a vector space or M-trees 4 IncrementalDBSCAN DBSCAN  , as introduced in EKSX 961  , is applied to a static database. The performance difference between our method BBC-Press and the other three methods is quite significant on all the five datasets  , given the small error bars. Density-based techniques like DBSCAN 4  , OPTICS 2 consider the density around each point to demarcate boundaries and identify the core cluster points. We apply DBSCAN to generate the baseclusters using a parameter setting as suggested in 8 and as refinement method with paramter settings for ε and minpts as proposed in Section 3.4. In our experiments  , it only requires 3 minutes to deal with one-day user logs of 150 ,000 queries. With respect to RQ2 cluster stability scores can be used help determine the optimum number of clusters and evaluate the " goodness " of the resulting clusters 7. When setting the speed-up factor to 1.0  , we obtain the number of updates denoted by MaxUpdates up to which the multiple application of IncrementalDBSCAN for each update is more efficient than the single application of DBSCAN to the whole updated database. For DBSCAN we do not show the results for DS4 and Swiss-roll since it returned only one cluster  , even when we played with different parameter set- tings. Since there are a lot of noise data  , DBSCAN with larger Eps is likely to include those noise data and cause chain affection  , forming serval larger clusters instead of small individual clusters. We also observed that the relative performance between U-AHC and F OPTICS  , and between F DBSCAN and U-AHC did not substantially vary with the dataset. Figure 10depicts the values of MaxUpdates depending on n for fde values of up to 0.5 which is the maximum value to be expected in most real applications. Note: ‡ indicates p-value<0.05 compared to MPC These results are consistent with that observed in normal traffic  , confirming the superiority of our TDCM model on relevance modeling. The resulting relevance model significantly outperforms all existing click models. Based on the assumptions defined above  , in this section we propose a Two-Dimensional Click Model TDCM to explain the observed clicks. In this section  , we conduct a series of experiments to validate our major claims on the TDCM model. It consists of a horizontal model  , which explains the skipping behavior  , and a vertical model that depicts the vertical examination behavior. TDCM 15 : This is a two-dimensional click model which emphasizes two kinds of user behaviors. For example  , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. The user interacts with the QAC engine horizontally and vertically according to the H  , D and R models. Figure 2is a flowchart of user interactions under the TDCM model. On the other hand  , our TDCM model achieves significant better results on both platforms. This click model is consisted of a horizontal model H Model that explains the skipping behavior  , a vertical model D Model that depicts the vertical examination behavior  , and a relevance model R Model that measures the intrinsic relevance between the prefix and a suggested query. Ranking the words according to their scores. In whatever experiments  , the BCDRW method significantly outperforms the BASIC method. The improvements of precision and popular tag coverage are statistically significant  , both up to more than 10%. BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W  , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking  , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. Interpretations to a book vary much in different reviews  , just as Shakespeare said  , " There are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes " . The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. These three input parameters have already been introduced before. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. This prevents a sort consisting of many runs from taking too much sort space for merge buffers. When reaching this limit  , a sort converts to u5 ing multiple merge steps. This saves a pass over the data by combining the last merge pass of external sort with join-merge pass. However  , the double skew case was not considered. call this distributed out-of-core sort. LESS's merge passes of its external-sort phase are the same as for standard external sort  , except for the last merge pass. The division of queries into the three classes would also he valid for Sort-Merge and Neslcd Loop join. An important difference  , however  , is that the merge phase of Diag-Join does not assume that the tuples of either relation are sorted on the join attributes. A " log merge " application used for comparison and described below renormalizes the relevance scores in each result set before sorting on the normalized relevance scores. However  , the problem of optimizing nested queries considering parameter sort orders is significantly different from the problem of finding the optimal sort orders for merge joins. Sort bufler size is the size of a data buffer for inmemory sort/merge. The latter join is implemented as a three-way mid 4 -outer sort-merge join. The five sorts are: Straight insertion  , Quicksort  , Heapsort  , List/Merge sort and Distribution Counting sort. So the default Join could have been planned with sort-merge before performing the rewrite. exMin: minimum memory for an external merge. We used the UNIX sort utility in the implementation of the sort merge outerjoin. We used the GNU sort application the " sort merge "  on the relevance scores in the domain result sets for a topic as a baseline merge application to merge the results into a single ranked list. The nesting of subqueries makes certain orderings impossible  , whereas merge join is at liberty to sort the inputs as it sees fit. More memory is required for sorting the two input tables and the performance of sort-merge join depends largely on sort performance. Further  , each predicate is annotated with an access method; i.e. Concretely   , bitonic sort involves lg m phases  , where each phase consists of a series of bitonic merge procedures. The Sort property of the AE operator specifies the procedure to be used to sort the relation if a merge-sort join strategy was selected to implement the query. CellSort is based on distributed bitonic merge with a SIMDized bitonic sorting kernel. sort-merge joins are vulnerable to memory fluctuations due to their large memory requirements. There is no need for complex sort/merge programs. The performance in comparison with Sort/Merge depends on the join selectivity. A SIMDized bitonic sorting kernel is used to sort items locally in the local stores of the SPEs  , a distributed in-core bitonic merge is used to merge local store resident local sort results  , and a distributed out-ofcore bitonic merge is used to merge the results of a number of main memory resident in-core sort results. This reduces the number of input runs for subsequent merge steps  , thereby making them less vulnerable to memory fluctuations. One page less of memory will result in another merge step. In the cast of sort-merge joins  , queries could hc divided into small  , medium and large classes hascd on the size of the memory needed for sorting the relations. These query groups arc listed in Figure" tcnthoustup " relations  , all ol' the nested loops metllods lost to the sort-merge methods cvcn though the SOI-TV merge methods must sort these large relations. Nonetheless  , the log-merge method does significantly improve result-set merging performance relative to a straightforward sort operation on relevance scores. This is hccausc the amount 01 work saved through sorting sig- nificantlv outweighs the work requir-cd IO pcrlol-m the sorts. However  , performing such a merge-sort on 1 ,200 GB of data is prohibitively expensive. Illustration of k-merge phases: Figure 3 gives an illustration of bitonic sort for m = 8. E.g. Since the output of merge join is pre-sorted in addition to being pre-partitioned on the city  , the grouping operator uses a sort-grouping strategy. While the sort is executing this merge step  , the available memory is reduced to 8 buffers. Since extra memory will help reduce the amount of I/O  , additional memory is very important to a sort in this stage. This is the same optimization done in the standard two-pass sort-merge join  , implemented by many database systems. Given two equal length lists of items  , sorted in opposing directions  , the bitonic merge procedure will create a combined list of sorted items. We treat merge joins as three different operations. When the number of runs is large relative to available memory  , multiple merge steps may be needed. The sort-and-merge includes sorting hash tables  , writing them to temporary run-files and merging the run-files into the final XML document. Instead of completing this step before performing Iv linal merge as discussed previously  , the sort operator can switch to the tinal merge directly. The final merge phase of the join can proceed only when the slower of these two operations is completed. On the other hand  , waiting increases the sort's response time. Large sorts were typically caused by sort-merge joins or groupby. Bitonic sort makes use of successive bitonic merges to fully sort a given list of items. So we adopt the variable-length two-way merge sort method. Transformation T 2 : Each physical join operator e.g. For the sake of clarity  , when illustrating query plans we omitted the class acc of the operator. In both systems large aggregations  , which often include large sort operations are widespread . I The sort merge methods can never execute laster than the time it takes to sort and scan the larger ol its relations. The nested loops join methods ar ? However  , note that a sort-merge anti-join cannot be used if the correlated query block is part of a procedure or function where as NISR can be used in this case. The sort-merge scmi ,join methods SSSRI and PSSM rcqulrc a similar numher of' disk acccsscs. This achieves better performance and scalability without sacrificing document ordering. We do not allow a sort to increase or decrease its work space arbitrarily but restrict the size to be within a specified range. The unit of memory adjustment is a data buffer plus the space for additional data structure for sorting. We now describe the details of k-merge phases. This increased our discovery rate by almost an order of magnitude. If many output tuples am generated  , the Hash Loop Join will perform better. The basic sort merge join first sorts the two input files. For VerticalSQL  , this involves selection on the key predicates  , fetching the tuples  , sorting them on Oid  , and doing a merge sort join. This property gets pushed down to Sort and then Merge. Instead of a complete sorting  , merge sort can serve the same purpose and save. Note that tuple substitution corresponds to the nested iteration method of join implementation BLAS77. We will discuss the results in Section 6.5. Their approach can be considered as the " opposite " of an N-way merge sort. In the remainder of this section we describe each of these methods in turn. However  , the sort-merge is done out-of-memory 5 . currently ilnplemented  , this could be optimized by COIIIbining the final merge with the separate merges inside the two calls to sort-when. sources on sort-merge join "   , and this metalink instance is deemed to have the importance sideway value of 0.8. sources on query optimization is viewing  , learning  , etc. The approach can be characterized as a generalization of an N-way merge sort. sort-merge for implementing the join instead of always using tuple substitution. an external sort deals with memory shortages by initiating a merge step that fits the remaining memory. This leads us to the important conclusion that pipelined strategy is optimal when database is memory resident  , because the sort-merge technique is useless. Our work falls in the class of sequential indexing. We rewrote the classifier and distiller to maximally exploit the I/O efficiency of sort-merge joins. Bitonic sort makes use of a key procedure called bitonic merge. There are two main problems in synopsis construction scenarios. Self joins of leaves and joins between two leaves are performed by using sort-merge join. We use a TRIE representation of variablelength character strings to avoid readjusting comparison starting points. In this case  , preliminary merge steps are required to reduce the number of runs before the final merge can be carried out. Along these lines it is beneficial to reuse available grouping properties  , usually for hash-based operators. Proceeding immediately without waiting may cause a small sort to rely on external merging or a sort with relatively few runs to resort to multiple merge steps. Having a sort order of the parameters across calls that matches the sort order of the inner query gives an effect similar to merge join. They presented the concept of interesting orderings and showed how redundant sort operations could be avoided by reusing available orderings  , rendering sort-based operators like sort-merge join much more interesting. The only difference between Bitonic/sample sort and Bitonic/sample merge is that the initial sorting step is not required because the local lists are already sorted. The buffers of the external sort can be taken away once it has been suspcndcd. Put another way  , the parent relation is clustered optimally for NL-SORT since it is in unique2 order. The data sites send sorted files directly to the host which ei& ciently " merges " them without doing sort key comparisons . In summary  , our variant of mergesort has three phases: an in-buffer sort phase which sorts data within a buffer  , an in-memory merge phase which produces runs by merging sorted buffers  , and an external merge phase which merges sorted runs. Besides the drawbacks of suspension and paging that we discussed in the introduction  , these hybrid approachcs would also prevent an external sort from taking advantage ol extra memory beyond the initially allocated amount Ihn may become available while the sort is in the merge phase. Our impiemcntation of paging works as follows: The external sort keeps a copy of the current tuple of each input run in its private work space  , where the tuples are merged. MergeTraces is essentially the merge function of merge sort  , using the position of events in the trace for comparison events in trace slices are listed chronologically. Result sets from each host name D for each topic were truncated at the top Cr |D| = 0.0005|D| documents  , rounding up to the next largest integer. At each level of this hierarchy   , only a single B+-tree exists unless a merge is currently performed   , which creates temporary trees. often turns out to be sub-optimal because of significant changes that occur in the external sort's memory allocation during the preliminary merge steps. The top performing topics from each of our sort merge and log merge experiments were used to investigate the effect of truncating the result sets before merging. We shall introduce this provision by continuing our earlier example. instead of first sorting all and then merging all the partitions  , we sort and immediately merge the partitions. For now we will only focus on the status of the 8-item list after the k-merge phases lists below dashed horizontal phase separators. If a memory shortage occurs  , causing the available memory to become less than the buffer requirement of the current merge step  , the sort operator can immediately stop the c , ,rrenl step  , split it into a number of sub-steps  , and then start execuling the lirst sub-step. The full merge is not very competitive in cost  , because each element is accessed  , but it is actually a tough competitor in terms of running time  , because of the significant bookkeeping overhead incurred by all the treshold methods. The assumption deviates from reality when there are no indices and the database chooses multi-way merge-sort joins. The first phase merges each even-indexed item index starts from 0 with the item immediately following it  , in alternating directions . We do not further discuss in-core merges. Our sort testbed is able to generate temporally skewed input based on the above model. Our initial intuition is that a sort-merge based join phase should be applied in this case. All the triplets are generated by performing a single pass over the output sorted file. We also assume that the host extracts tuples from the communication messages and returns them to the application program. We have presented efficient concurrency control and recovery schemes for both techniques . Alternatively  , if we can produce the path matches in the order of return nodes  , then the path join cannot use the efficient merge join method. Both CPU and I/O costs of executing a query are considered. Our next project is to extend the model so a.s to ha.ndlc multi-way joins and sort-merge joins. First  , both relations R and S are sorted on the join attribute by using an efficient sorting mechanism e.g. We study the scalability of our framework  , using the mapping in Example 1 and two other mappings derived from it. If the IGNITE optimizer chooses a sort-merge join for a query involving such sources  , the sorting operations will be executed by the engine of IGNITE. Figure 8shows an example of this technique in action. Thus  , the third heuristic is: 'The Cornell and Yu results apply to hash-based  , sort-merge  , and nested loops join methods. During the sorting phase  , tuples in a relation are first sorted into multiple ~~172s according to a certain sort key Knu73. While performing the decorrelation of NOT IN queries we assumed the availability of sort-merge anti-join. The previous section described how we can scan compressed tuples from a compressed table  , while pushing down selections and projections. We discuss four such operators next: index-scan  , hash join  , sort-merge join  , and group-by with aggregation. We studied two techniques to cluster data incrementally as it arrives  , one based on sort-merge and the other on hashing. unary operators including sequential scan  , index scan and clustered index scan ; l binary operators including nested join  , index join and sort-merge join ; . nary operator corresponding to pointer chasing. Obviously there is a lot of overhead in carrying around intermediate XML fragments. We Figure 2 : Three-tiered distributed sort on Cell  , using bitonic merge. By introducing this join and adjusting the optimization level for the the DB2 query optimizer  , we could generate the correct plans. Therefore  , the scan task is also responsible for returning the sorted records to the host site. If acute shortage of memory space occurs  , a sort in this phase could " roll back " its input and release the last buffers acquired. Instead  , one could implement a multi-pass on-disk merge sort within the reducer. In other words  , we do not carry out any comparison-based global sort or global merge at the host site. The most straightforward approach to deal with memory shortages that occur during the merge phase of an external sort is for the DBMS to suspend the external sort altogether. Hash Loop Joins w still have better performance than Sort/Merge gins  , but they may also be more expensive. While conceptually this is a very simple change  , it is somewhat more difficult in our setup as it would require us to open up and modify the TPIE merge sort. Since each partition of Emp is presorted  , it may be cheapest to use a sort-merge join for joining corresponding partitions. preliminary merge step. It then waits for all data sites to send their distribution tables. There must  , however  , be a very efficient inner loop which is executed a number of times proportional to the signature file size. We compute such a cuboid by merging these runs  , like the merge step of external sort  , aggregating duplicates if necessary . index join  , nested loops join  , and sort-merge join are developed and used to compare the average plan execution costs for the different query tree formats. These will be the candidate plans with early group-by. require both input streams to be co-located at the same site  , and the sort-merge flavor of JOIN requires both streams to be sorted on their respective join columns. The same redundancy arises in libraries that provide specialized implementations of functionalities already available in other components of the system. Like regular hash teams  , such sortbased query techniques are only attractive if the columns of at least some of the join and group-by operations are the same. In general  , such a change might make it more difficult to utilize existing  , highly optimized external sort procedures. After the split  , the sort immedialcly starts to work on the preliminary step. It is ideally suited for data already stored on a distributed file system which offers data replication as well as the ability to execute computations locally on each data node. In summary  , the plan generator considers and evaluates the space of plans where the joins have exactly two arguments . This implies that this procedure line 1-4 can be fully parallelized  , by partitioning the collection into sub-collections. We call such allowable plans MHJ plans. The sort-merge equijoin produces a result that is sorted and hence grouped on its join attributes c nationkey. If  , however  , any input is already sorted then the corresponding sort operation is unnecessary and the merge join can be pipelined. These modifications are very simple but are not presented here due to space limitations. If only few tuples match the join condition  , a Sort/Merge Join will need fewer disk accesses and will be faster. A similar situation arises when data is added to the system . To verify our intuition  , we implemented an inspection mechanism to detect nearly-sorted tuples. The dramatic improvement over university INGRES is due to the use of a sort-merge algo- rithm. On the other hand  , in a multiuser environment much less buffer space may actually be available. When the sort reaches the end of input or cannot acquire more buffer space  , it proceeds to the in-memory merge phase. It checks the available memory before each merge step and adjusts the fan-in accordingly. This step is combined with the computation of cuboids that are descendants of that cuboid. IICHI optimal. This was particularly important in the sort-merge  ,join cast. Thus  , an optimizer generates only a small number of interesting orders. Fcwcr pages for the heap-sort results in more merge passes; and fewer pages for the hash probiug may result in thrashing. It is not possible to accurately extrapolate the merge time that would be required for a full-sized database. If a team member checks-in some changes that are subsequently found to break previously checked-in code then there has been a breakdown of some sort. Note that PerfPlotter cannot guarantee that the worst-case paths will actually be explored due to the heuristics nature. In the first step we exclude from consideration query plans with nested-loop join operators  , while allowing every other operator including sort-merge and hash joins. More interestingly   , we can use a sort-merge join based approach to join the set of predicates with the set of tuples in the S-Data SteM. However the impact of hashing on the total time is small because the sort-merge dominates the total time. We now augment the sort merge outerjoin with compression shown in Figure 1 . As mentioned earlier  , the sort-merge join method is used. For SJSI\4  , the two relations are each sorted al their local sites first IO increase parallelism. As ohservcd in the mcasuremcnts at S ,  , the sort-merge methods require more disk accesses than the nested loops methods due IO sorting. Its software is much simpler and it does not need complex sort/merge packages using multiple intermediate disk accesses for composed queries. This makes possible to propose similar formulas with coefficients to estimate their costs. We have implemented block nested-loop and hybrid hash variants. The key observation when considering stop-&-go operators  , such as sorting used in aggregations  , merge joins  , etc. Sort-merge duplicate elimination also divides the input relation  , but uses physical memory loads as the units of division. We believe it should be reasonably easy to integrate our techniques into an existing database system. Note that runs may be of variable length because work space size may change between runs. Sort-merge join uses little memory for the actual join except when there are many rows with the same value for the join columns. Since only foreign keys that meet the ÑÑÒ ×ÙÔÔ condition are kept in the join node  , no redundant join is performed. Sort/merge-joins and sort-based aggregations can also be used to execute join/group-by queries. All subsequent passes of external sort are merge passes. Although uol. Since it is unlikely that all dimensions will be used for splitting  , a non-split dimension is used to sort the data-points in the leaves to be joined. In this study  , we will therefore explore a third alternative. When memory is released and there are multiple sorts waiting  , we must decide which sort to wake up. In order to distinguish the work between merging the sort keys and returning the sorted records to the host  , the data sites do not send sorted records to the host site until all the sort keys have been sent to the merge sites. We remind the reader that NL-SORT is essentially a sort-merge join -the child relation is sorted by its foreign key field and then the parent's clustered primary key index is used to retrieve corresponding parent records in physical order. I laving discussed how dynamic splitting breaks a merge step into sub-steps in response to a memory reduction  , we now present Ihc provision in the dynamic splitting strategy that allows an cxtemal sort to combine existing merge steps to take advantage of extra buffers as they become available. As a result  , any monitor number for merge-join input streams is unreliable unless we have encountered a " dam " operator such as SORT or TEMP  , which by materializing all rows ensures the complete scan and count of the data stream prior to the merge join. Finally  , NLJoin nested-loop join performs a nested-loop join with join predicate  , pred over its inputs with with the relation produced by left as the outer relation  , and the relation produced by right as the inner relation. The minimum amount of main memory needed by Sort/Merge is three disk block buffers  , because in the sort phase  , two input buffers and one output buffer are needed. We implement a simple  , pipelined σ physical operator  , and two flavors of join: sort-merge sort   , and hash hash . Both sort variants suffer from high CPU costs for sorting. However  , once M reaches 0.6 MBytes  , all three in-memory sorting methods produce fewer runs than the number of available buffers; thus  , there can be no further reduction in the number of merge steps until M grows to 20 MBytes  , at which point there will he a sudden drop in response time because it will then be possihlc IO sort the entire relation all at once in memory. Logical expressions are mapped by an optimizer search engine to a space of physical expressions. We create a separate file for each of the 560 super-hashes and then sort each super-hash file using an I/O-efficient merge sort. M one-pass is directly proportional to the factor S which represents the IO size used during the merge phase that produces the final sorted result. Our experiments include both full join queries as well as queries with a selection followed by a join. We rather do the merge twice  , outputting only the scores in the first round  , doing a partial sort of these to obtain the min-k score  , and then repeat the merge  , but this time with an on-the-fly pruning of all documents with a bestscore below that min-k score. As observed in the official TREC results from 2005 and 2006  , the log-merge method outperforms the sort-merge method regardless of whether the underlying collection is partitioned by web domain or partitioned by randomized web domains. The Classic Sort-Stop plan provides much better performance than the Conventional Sort plan as long as it is applicable; its curve stops at N = 10 ,000 because its sorted heap structure no longer fits in the buffer pool beyond that point. When getting two triple sets bound to two triple patterns  , a sort merge join is enough to work out the final results. We expect that as more approximate predicates become available  , normalized costs will drop. A large part of that memory is dedicated to SQL work areas  , used by sort  , hash-join  , bitmapindex merge  , and bitmap-index create operators. Because sorting is also a blocking operator as the hash operator  , there will be wait opportunities in the query plan which can be utilized by Request Window. STON89 describes how the XPRS project plans on utilizing parallelism in a shared-memory database machine. Figure 5 shows the choices of sort-merge versus partitioning   , the possible sorting/partitioning attributes  , and the possible buffer allocation strategies. In this experiment. If the database contains data structures other than Btrees   , those structures can be treated similar to B-tree root nodes. It may be worth to point out  , however  , that prior research has suggested employing B-tree structures even for somewhat surprising purposes  , e.g. One contribution of this paper has been to show that a well-designed sort-merge based scheme performs better than hashing. In this section  , we give three examples of new algebraic operators that are well-suited for efficient implementation of nested OOSQL queries. Put contents of Input Buf fer2 to Aging The partitioned hash outerjoin is augmented with compression in a very similar manner to the sort merge outerjoin. Summarized briefly  , this result follows from the following reasoning: 1. It is important to note that orderpreserving hash join does preserve orderings  , but does not preserve groupings held of the outer relation. The newly written files then participate in an n-way sort-merge join to find query segments with the same protein id. Third  , in order to insure that the results of the various IC'SIS were nol hiased hy preceeding ones  , we had IO ensure that no lesl query was likely IO find useful pages sitting in the huffcr lrom its predecessors. There are two principles in the choice of join approach between hypergraph traversal and triple indices: 1 If the predicate of a triple pattern has a owl:cardinality property valued 1  , priority should be given to hypergraph traversal. For larger datasets  , this overhead gets amortized and Ontobroker comes out on top. Since the grammar productions are carried out in a topdown   , left-to-right fashion  , the grammar will build the output string from left to right. the merge-sort operation when its input becomes bigger than memory the contours of the discontinuities involved are similar to the equi-cost contours and the approach outlined above can be applied for approximating the cost func- Input: SPJ query q on a set of relations Q = {R 1   , . Usually  , interesting orders are on the join column of a future join  , the grouping attributes from the group by clause  , and the ordering attributes from the order by clause. For example  , AlphaSort 18  , a shared-memory based parallel external sort  , uses quicksort as the sequential sorting kernel and a replacement-selection tree to merge the sorted subsets. Although pushing sorting down to sources to accelerate sort-merge join is an attractive strategy in data integration applications  , it is only useful for multi-join based on a common attribute. In this section  , we will focus our attention on the techniques we have devised to optimize navigation over massive Web graphs. Other boxes cannot effectively use the indexed structure  , so only these two need be considered. Next  , the relation is sorted using a parallel merge sort on the partitioning attribute and the sorted relation is redistributed in a fashion that attempts to equalize the number of tuples at each site. When both lrclations arc large  , howcvcr  , as when hoth wcrc " tcnlhoustup " relations in our tests  , the optimal methods will he the pipclincd sort-merge methods. As a consequence of this observation  , we make an important observation in the arena of expert systems. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written to disk along with the tags. The access paths in a 3NF DSS system are often dominated by large hash or sort-merge joins  , and conventional index driven joins are also common. Those queries will be addressed in a subsequent paper. A sort-merge anti-join implementation if present and used would perform exactly same as NISR and hence we have not consider it here explicitly. 8 Merge creates a key which is the union of the keys of its inputs  , and preserves both functional dependencies that hold of its inputs. The 15 ms page I/O time setting assumes RCquential I/O without prefetching or disk buffering t.g. The " Find-sub-query " call on the merge-combine node is slightly different than on a normal combine node. Together  , these two factors slow down the performance of page over and above the performance penalty already imposed by the larger number of merge steps. Anti-Semijoin For an anti-semijoin El I ? The size of the inner relation could be used to make the division for Nested-Loop join queries. Without Indices  , university INGRES used a nested loops join in which the storage structure of a copy of the inner relation is converted to a hashed organization before the join is initiated Commercial INGRES used primarily sort-merge join techniques. Third  , we were interested in how the different systems took advantage of secondary indices on joining attributes   , when these were available. First  , low level operators in most commercial DBMSs are very similar  , for example  , scan  , index scan  , nested join  , sort merge join  , depth first pointer chasing  , etc.  Accent  , Punctuation  , Firstname  , Name Authority  Edit  , Sort Same  , Merge  , Delete  , Undo  Fold and Expand We will eventually explore all of these through a selection of examples using a variety of digital library systems. Interesting orders are those that are useful for later operations e.g. For Binary  , the selection on the key predicate is not required since each attribute has its own table which explains the slight performance advantage. However  , the difference is that navigation operators must now be implemented over the specialized structures used to represent Web graphs  , rather than as hash joins or sort-merge joins over relational tables. Figure 10: Join Redundancy -Composite Tuples the new data share many boolean factors. The " single data-multiple query " composite tuple Figure 10b can be used in conjunction with the sort-merge join based approach to apply the composite tuple to the Data SteM. The complexity is significantly smaller than the cost of running the original query because e s r i s typically much smaller than the cardinality of the corresponding relation. P and PM behave similarly the lines are parallel  , such that partition/merge retains its advantage . Sideway functions and sideway values are selectively employed by users for two purposes: a User-guided query output ranking and size control. However   , for hash joins optimizing memory usage is likely to be more significant thau CPU load balancing in marry cases and must therefore be considered for dynamic load balaucii in multi-user mode. In addition  , only the bypass plan and the DNF-based plan can easily use a sort-merge implementation of the second join operator semijoin on Cwork . For the sort-merge band join  , assuming that the memory is large enough so that both relations can be sorted in two passes each  , the I/O cost consists of three parts: R contain /R pages  , and let S cont'ain ISI pages  , and let  , F he the fraction of R pages that fit in memory. The curve for sort-merge is labeled SM; the curves for Grace partitioned band join and the hybrid partitioned band join are labeled GP and HP  , respectively. Here  , the common change in all plans across the switch-point is that the hash-join between relations PART and PARTSUPP is replaced by a sort-merge-join. Of the pipelined methods  , the nested loops join method outperformed the sort-merge method for this example. without materializing R when D or S when D. HERALD currently supports two strategies for obtaining access to deltas in connection with the hypothetical algebraic operators and other delta operators  , one based on hashing and the other on a sort-merge paradigm. Thus  , providing optimal support for h ,ash-based delta access requires the ability to dynamically partition the buffer pool belween these two tasks. The experiments that we performed with our datasets showed that the performance of R+-tree was better than R*-tree for our application. The only interesting orders that are generated are those that are due to choice of a join method e.g. In particular  , the ordering we have chosen for codewords – ordered by codeword length first and then within each length by the natural ordering of the values is a total order. So we can do sort merge join directly on the coded join columns  , without decoding them first. For many applications  , building the bounding representation can be performed as a precomputation step. According to experiment results  , a mapping with one more nesting level used about 20 more seconds on hashing. Thus Similarity-Seeker avoids the out-of-memory sort-merge performed by All-IPs with all the associated I/O and computational overheads. To compute the cost of a plan  , we built a simple query optimizer T&O based on predicate placement CS96  -our optimizer considered only sort-merge and hash-partitioned joins. When m is a power of 2  , bitonic sort lends itself to a very straight-forward non-recursive implementation based on the above description. Given an existing single-machine indexer  , one simple way to take advantage of MapReduce is to leverage reducers to merge indexes built on local disk. At this point the start position information is used to determine whether the segments occur in the correct order within the protein and if the proper gap constraints between them are met. We believe that such an implementation would slightly outperform MPBSM. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written out to disk along with the tags. In terms of this approach  , LHAM can be considered to perform a 2-way merge sort whenever data is migrated to the next of Ii components in the LHAM storage hierarchy. The optimizer can consider the relative cost of tuple substitution nested iteration  for implementing the G-Joins and other e.g. there are additional factors that adversely affect the performance of the external sorts: When the actual number of buffers that an cxtcrnal sort has is smaller than the buffer requirement of an exeruling merge step  , the penalty in extra ~/OS that paging incurs is proportional to the extent of the memory discrepancy. Instead of inserting records into a B+-tree as they arrive  , they are organized in-memory into sorted runs. the reduction in the number of cache misses is much larger because of the partitioning and the relative overhead of making the partition is correspondingly much smaller. To reduce CPU cost for redundant comparisons between points in an any two nodes  , we first screen points which lie within c-distance from the boundary surface of other node and use sort-merge join for those screened points. Such violation can occur because presence of an appropriate order on relations can help reduce the cost of a subsequent sort-merge join since the sorting phase is not required. Transformation T 3 : Each index-scan operator in P is replaced with a table-scan operator followed by a selection operator  , where the selection condition is the same as the index-scan condition. So our approach is to heuristically use the equations obtained in Theorem 4  , Theorem 5  , and Corollary 6 to choose which tables need to be sampled and compute their sample sizes  , i.e. We will now describe a way to classify a large batch of documents using a sort-merge technique  , which can be written  , with some effort  , directly in SQL. The total number of operations is also proportional to this term because this query can be best run using Sort- Merge joins by always storing the histograms and the auxiliary relations in sorted order. For a particular class of star join queries  , the authors investigate the usage of sort-merge joins and a set of other heuristic op- timizations. The idea is to create unsorted sequences of records  , where each sequence covers a subset of the dataspace that is disjoint to the subsets covered by the other sequences. This file is sorted lexicography using external memory merge sort such that all identical keyword pairs appear together in the output. When necessary  , Ontobroker builds the appropriate indices to speed up query evaluation  , and  , when multiple CPUs are available  , it parallelizes the computation . To the best' of our knowledge  , currently systems implement band joins using eitfher nested loops or sort.-merge. Nore the similarity in the shapes and relative positions of the curves to those generated by the analytical model  , shown in Figure 1. After sorting   , the join computation at the next level can then start based on the ordered indexes. A more efficient implementation of SSSJ would feed the output of the merge step of the TPIE sort directly into the scan used for the plane-sweep  , thus eliminating one write and one read of the entire data. Finally  , the optimher can often pipeline operations if the intermediate results are correctly grouped or ordered  , thereby avoiding the cost of storing temporaries which is basically the only advantage of tuple substitution. Using a data structure which maintains the edges in the sorted order of edgeIDs  , the redundant edge elimination step can be implemented using a sort-merge based scheme. This modified combine node uses the individual index scans on fragments to get sorted runs that are merged together to sort the entire relation. For example  , one can join two 450 megabyte objects by reading both into main memory and then performing a main-memory sort-merge. The resulting one record temporary will reside in main memory where a single extra page fetch will obtain the matching values from R3. Evaluating the k+1 th predicate  , however  , will further cut down on the number of protein ids that emerge from the merge join  , which in turn reduces the number of protein tuples that have to be retrieved. By these  , and a bag of other tricks  , we managed to keep the overhead for maintaining the state-information a small fraction of the essential operations of reading and merging blocks of pairs of document ids and score  , sorted by document id. Moreover  , many data sources do not support sorting operation  , which only accept queries with the input of a target relation and a selection predicate  , although the query form does not always follow the SQL syntax. To determine the amount of paging disk I/OS acceptable for a hash join  , it should be considered that paging I/OS are random acesses on the paging disk  , while file I/OS of sort/merge and hybrid joins have sequential access patterns. Since the tuples within each block are sorted by timestamp  , a merge sort is employed to retrieve the original order of tuples across the different blocks in the run. In the next step we sort the resulting clusters by their total size in lines in decreasing order  , such that according to property iv  , the largest clusters should contain the main text blocks. Conceptually  , HERALD represents a delta as a collection of pairs Ri  , R ,  , specifying the proposed inserts and deletes for each relation variable R in the program. The result is that the external sort is less vulnerable to memory shor- Iilges in the first step  , but becomes more vulnerable in the final step due IO the larger number of runs that are left until the final s~cp. For ESTER  , we implemented a particularly efficient realization of a hash join which exploits that the word ranges of our queries are small. But  , in the same picture  , there are switch-points occurring at 26% and 50% in the PARTSUPP selectivity range  , that result in a counter-intuitive non-monotonic cost behavior   , as shown in the corresponding cost diagram of Fig- ure 11b . Among the nested loops methods  , the sequential ones have higher disk costs than the pipelined methods due to the storage and retrieval of the received relation; this is especially true for the sequential join case SJNL  , which builds an index on the received relation at S ,. The purpose of the calibrating database is to use it to calibrate the coefficients in the cost formulae for any given relational DBMS. Assume that nested loop and sort-merge are the only two methods . For now  , for the problem at hand  , we will illustrate how with CSN we can direct the ACM Digital Library to recognize the two separate occurrences of Rüger's as one with the Firstname action. We consider a slightly more complicated example query with this operator " List for big cities their population number as a percentage of their state's population " : D cities select The smjoin operator performs a sort/merge join. This poses the following two major predicatability problems: the problem of predicting how the system will execute e.g  , use index or sequntial scan  , use nested loop or sort merge a given query; the problem of eliminating the effect of data placement   , pagination and other storage implementation factors that can potentially distort the observations and thus lead to unpredictable behavior. In this region  , increasing M leads to fewer sorted runs at the end of the split phase  , and hence lower disk seek costs when the runs are merged; this accounts for the slight reductions in response time at the right-hand side of Figure 5. The NS query still uses naive Map lookup  , but sorts the physical OIDs before accessing S. When comparing NS with SS  , sorting the flattened R tuples for the Map lookup does not pay off because the Mup is smaller than 2 MB For 1 MB the sort-based plans are out of the range of the curve because for such small memory configurations they need several merge phases. We then apply the sort and merge procedure addling the counts from matching content- ID C content-ID pairs to produce a list of all <content-ID  , content-ID  , count> triplets sorted by the first content-ID and the second content-ID. To quantify the effects on IR performance due to the merge methods used as well as the effects due to eliminating the natural corpus structure defined by web domains by dividing the corpus arbitrarily with respect to the document content at index-time  , the mean values of the MAP taken over the merged resultsets from 149 automatically extracted queries applied to the domain partition and the randomized domain partition are recorded in Table 5. Motivated by financial and statistical applications e.g. Another strength of our approach is that it is a relatively simple and efficient way of incorporating time into statistical relational models. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more work Koller  , personal communication. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. In this paper  , we proposed three classification models accounting for non-stationary autocorrelation in relational data. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused primarily on static snapshots of relational datasets even though most relational domains have temporal dynamics that are important to model. Although there has been some work modeling domains with time-varying attributes  , to our knowledge this is the first model that exploits information in dynamic relationships between entities to improve prediction. In addition  , the shrinkage approach could easily be incorporated into other statistical relational models that use global autocorrelation and collective inference. Relational autocorrelation  , a statistical dependency among values of the same variable on related en- tities 7  , is a nearly ubiquitous phenomenon in relational datasets. Promising research directions include: 1 using patterns e.g. Access rights may be granted and revoked on views just as though they were ordinary tables. These sizes are then used to determine the CPU  , IO and communication requirements of relational operations such as joins. However  , this work has focused primarily on modeling static relational data. This explanation applies to continuous and discrete variables and essentially any test of conditional independence. The goal of this work is to improve attribute prediction in dynamic domains by incorporating the influence of timevarying links into statistical relational models. Indeed  , the results we report for LGMs using only the class labels and the link information achieve nearly the same level of performance reported by relational models in the recent literature. The relational operations join  , restrict and project as well as statistical summaries of tables may be used to define a view. This paper presents the Kylin Ontology Generator KOG  , an autonomous system that builds a rich ontology by combining Wikipedia infoboxes with WordNet using statistical-relational learning. One motivation for modeling time-varying links is the identification of influential relationships in the data. This information is necessary to derive accurate relational statistics that are needed by the relational optimizer to accurately estimate the cost of the query workload. This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. In this work  , we propose the Time Varying Relational Classifier TVRC framework—a novel approach to incorporating temporal dependencies into statistical relational models. Researchers always use tables to concisely display their latest experimental results or statistical data. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependence between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. Whereas in the CONTROL condition 20% of the adjectives chosen belonged to the machine category  , 20% to the humanized one and 60% to the relational one. Instead of storing the data in a relational database  , we have proposed to collect Statistical Linked Data reusing the RDF Data Cube Vocabulary QB and to transform OLAP into SPARQL queries 14. We chose statistical data  , because 1 there is clear need to integrate the data and 2 although the data sets are covering semantically similar topics  , standardization usually does not cover the object properties  , only the code lists themselves  , if at all. Each infobox template is treated as a class  , and the slots of the template are considered as attributes/slots. They are  , however  , at a disadvantage in interactivity  , graphical presentation and popularity of the computational language. Regarding the multiple adjective choice  , even if not supported by statistical significance  , we observe that children in the OAT condition chose no machine category adjectives  , 30% of the chosen adjectives belonged to the humanized category and 70% to the relational one. This work has demonstrated that incorporating the characteristics of related instances into statistical models improves the accuracy of attribute predictions. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more likely to share the same topic than randomly selected pages 23  , and movies made by the same studio are more likely to have similar box-office returns than randomly selected movies 6. IE can only be employed if sensory information is available that is relevant to a relation  , deductive reasoning can only derive a small subset of all statements that are true in a domain and relational machine learning is only applicable if the data contains relevant statistical structure. Although there are probably a number of heuristic ways to combine sensory information and the knowledge base with machine learning  , it is not straightforward to come up with consistent probabilistic models. In this paper  , we intend to give an empirical argument in favor of creating a specialised OLAP engine for analytical queries on Statistical Linked Data. Recent work has only just begun to incorporate temporal information into statistical relational models. Some initial work has focused on transforming temporal-varying links and objects into static aggregated features 19 and other work has focused on modeling the temporal dynamics of time-varying attributes in static link structures 13. Our initial investigation has shown that modeling the interaction among links and attributes will likely improve model generalization and interpretability. This allows the model to consider a wider range of dependencies to reduce bias while limiting potential increases in variance and promises to unleash the full power of statistical relational models. On the other hand  , there are existing computational engines without scalability or fragmentation problems and with a well-defined computational algebra  , for example  , OLAP 7  , 8  , Statistical 12 and Relational engines. On the other hand  , DataScope is flexible to browse various relational database contents based on different schemas and ad-hoc ranking functions. Yet  , there is little work on evaluating and optimising analytical queries on RDF data 4 ,5 . Thii attribute enables DBLEARN to output such statistical statements as 8% of all students majoring in Sociology are Asians. Two areas for further investigation are: the use of probabilistic dependencies as constrainta  , and the way in which they interact; and the concept of the degree to This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. While our use case has been motivated by statistical data  , a lot of Linked Data sources share this data model structure  , since many of them are derived from relational databases. In this paper we have combined information extraction  , deductive reasoning and relational machine learning to integrate all sources of available information in a modular way. For example  , pairs of brokers working at the same branch are more likely to share the same fraud status than randomly selected pairs of brokers. The language of non-recursive first-order logic formulas has a direct mapping to SQL and relational algebra  , which can be used as well for the purposes of our discussion  , e.g. Disjoint learning ignores the unlabeled instances in the graph during learning see Figure 1b This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. The Comet methodology is inspired by previous work in which statistical learning methods are used to develop cost models of complex user-defined functions UDFs—see 13  , 15—and of remote autonomous database systems in the multidatabase setting 19  , 26. Topic model performance is often measured by perplexity of test data as a function of statistical word frequencies  , ignoring word order. We used as our backend retrieval system the IBM DB2 Net Search Extender  , which allows convenient combination of relational and fulltext queries. Relational machine learning attempts to capture exactly these statistical dependencies between statements and in the following we will present an approach that is suitable to also integrate sensory information and a knowledge base. We also propose a way to estimate the result sizes of SPARQL queries with only very few statistical information. In FJS97   , a statistical approach is used for reconstructing base lineage data from summary data in the presence of certain constraints . This paper presents a new approach to modeling relational data with time-varying link structure. This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. The characteristics of such domains form a good match with our method: i links between documents suggest relational representation and ask for techniques being able to navigate such structures; " flat " file domain representation is inadequate in such domains; ii the noise in available data sources suggests statistical rather than deterministic approaches  , and iii often extreme sparsity in such domains requires a focused feature generation and their careful selection with a discriminative model  , which allows modeling of complex  , possibly deep  , but local regularities rather than attempting to build a full probabilistic model of the entire domain. To address the shortcomings of this conventional approach   , we described in this paper statistics on views in Microsoft SQL Server  , which provide the optimizer with statistical information on the result of scalar or relational expressions. Even if privacy and confidentiality are in place  , to be practical  , outsourced data services should allow sufficiently expressive client queries e.g. This is important because today's outsourced data services are fundamentally insecure and vulnerable to illicit behavior  , because they do not handle all three dimensions consistently and there exists a strong relationship between such assurances: e.g. Therefore  , we can conclude that attribute partitioning is important to a SDS. To support the integration of traditional Semantic Web techniques and machine learning-based  , statistical inferencing  , we developed an approach to create and work with data mining models in SPARQL. The goal of this paper is to combine the strengths of all three approaches modularly  , in the sense that each step can be optimized independently. Contributions of this paper are centered around four analytical query approaches listed in the following – We compare the performance of traditional relational approaches RDBMS / ROLAP and of using a triple store and an RDF representation closely resembling the tabular structure OLAP4LD-SSB. In addition  , we will cast the model in a more principled graphical model framework  , formulating it as a latent variable model where the summary " influence " weights between pairs of nodes are hidden variables that change over time and affect the statistical dependencies between attribute values of incident nodes. If there is a significant influence effect then we expect the attribute values in t + 1 will depend on the link structure in t. On the other hand  , if there is a significant homophily effect then we expect the link structure in t + 1 will depend on the attributes in t. If either influence or homophily effects are present in the data  , the data will exhibit relational autocorrelation at any given time step t. Relational autocorrelation refers to a statistical dependency between values of the same variable on related objects—it involves a set of related instance pairs  , a variable X defined on the nodes in the pairs  , and it corresponds to the correlation between the values of X on pairs of related instances. Attribute partitioning HAMM79 is another term for a transposed file scheme within a relational database  , As stated in BORA62  , such schemes are useful in statistical database systems because although the relations often contain many attributes  , usually only a few are referenced in any one query  , Additionally  , attribute partitioning is useful in compression schemes that depend on physical adjacency of identical values EGGEBO  , EGGEBl  , TURN79. We set the context window size m to 10 unless otherwise stated. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. Further more  , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. In our experiments  , we use the gensim implementation of skipgram models 2 . To represent a specific node in S  , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase  , and average the corresponding vectors 9. Specifically  , in this work we employ the SkipGram algo- rithm 25 which learns word embedding in an unsupervised way by optimizing the vector similarity of each word to context words in a small window around its occurrences in a large corpus. We learned 3 the mapping of 300  , 000 words to a 100-dimension embedded space over a corpus consisting of 7.5 million Web queries  , sampled randomly from a query log. £ View matching must be integrated with cost-based plan enumeration. However  , there are a number of requirements that differ from the traditional materialized view context. When tuples are deleted from a view or a relation  , the effect must be propagated to all " higher-level " views defined on the view/relation undergoing the deletion. First we illustrate the problem and its solution in the presence of hash indices or in the absence of indices on the materialized view. Thus  , for materialized views  , it may be adequate to limit support to a subclass of common operations where view substitution has a large query execution payoff. However  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. In the sequel all derived relations are assumed to be materialized  , unless stated otherwise. Thus  , an important question originally considered in TB88  , Hu96   , which was never raised in traditional view-maintenance work  , is to determine whether a view is maintainable  , that is  , guaranteed to have a unique new state  , given an update to the base relations   , an instance of the views  , and an instance of a subset of the base relations. A derived relation may be virtual  , which corresponds to the traditional concept of a view  , or materialized  , meaning that the relation resulting from evaluating the expression over the current database instance is actually stored. For example  , consider the following two queries: In general  , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. After enough information about previously-executed  , empty-result queries has been accumulated in C aqp   , our method can often successfully detect empty-result queries and avoid the expensive query execution. While view materialization is well understood for traditional relational databases  , it remains an active research for XML and RDF stores. Hence  , in certain cases  , the coverage detection capability of our method is more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method. Such situations never arise in traditional work on materialized view maintenance GM95  , Kuc91  , GMS93  , SJ96 where all the base data is usually assumed to be available . DBMSs are being used more and more for interactive exploration 7  , 14  , 37  , where users keep refining queries based on previous query results. In this section  , we illustrate the split group duplicate problem that arises if we ignore this subtle difference between materialized view maintenance and the " traditional " associative/commutative update problems studied by Korth Kor83 and others. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. The general interest model captures the user's interests in terms of categories e.g. Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. The cosine similarity metric based on the vector space model has been widely used for comparing similarity between search query and document in the information retrieval literature Salton et al. Given that news is separated into eight topics  , 16 interest profiles exist in a single user model. General English words are likely to have similar distributions in both language models I and A. The performance of Human Interest Model and Soft Pattern Bigram Model for each entity type can be seen in Figure 2 . A large η tends to make the interest-related language model more discriminative because more general words are generated from the background model. However given the same set of web-based information  , the Human Interest Model consistently outperforms the soft-pattern model for all four entity types. We assume that words in C t are generated either from a model θU which represents users' collective topical interest or from a general background model θB. One reason for this result could be that our general prediction model does not depend upon " clientside " data  , such as activity on SERPs and content pages  , which was unavailable  , whereas the task-specific prediction models depend upon such data. Our interest is less in developing or arguing for any particular measures than in using them to explore hypotheses about model-based measures in general. The generated hypotheses are then passed to the verifier. The most common representation of feature models is through FODA-style feature diagrams 3  , 4  , 5 . The primary contribution of this work is increased understanding of effectiveness measures based on explicit user models. Figure 1' which are acquired through repeated exposures t o the particular sounds of interest. With this model  , we can reduce the effects of background words and learn a model which better captures words concentrating around users' collective interests. This means the personalized models do not have the opportunity to promote results of low general interest i.e. Typically  , not all features of feature model My are of interest for the composition with feature model Mx . In this way  , one could estimate a general user vocabulary model  , that describes the searcher's active and passive language use in more than just term frequencies. To do this  , we leveraged users' search trails for the two-month period from March to April 2009 inclusive referred to hereafter as   , and constructed historic interest models   , for all user-query pairs. The rationale underlying such a decomposition of the original action model into two probabilistic models  , the preference and the item action model  , is two folds. In particular  , a latent random variable x is associated with each word  , acts as a switch to determine whether the word is generated from the distribution of background model  , breaking news  , posts from social friends or user's intrinsic interest. For check-in behavior  , the time-ordered check-in history of an individual corresponds to her action sequence in our general model. No instance information is captured in a view diagram besides that in the form of assertions. Internally  , the framework builds up a microscopic representation of the system based on these observations as well as on a list of interactions of interest specified by the user. Though we use RBP and DCG as motivators  , our interest is not specifically in them but in model-based measures in general. This generalized vocabulary covers a common abstraction of the data models we consider to be of general interest for the QA community. In general  , OBIE systems use ontologies to model domain knowledge for a special area of interest. To make this causal claim we need to lay down a behavioral model of clicking that describes why the targeted group is more prone to click on an advertisement than the general population of users. Although a kinematic model gives a good description of the camera's movement for general applications  , it is useful to consider the unstabilized components in motion due to the change of operating conditions  , external disturbances  , etc. In that sense  , we have presented a new framework for integrating external predicates into Datalog. This crucial benefit of graphs recently led to an emerging interest in graph based data mining 7. This is sufficiently general to describe in rigorous terms the events of interest  , and can be used to describe in homogeneous terms much of the existing work on testing. In general  , the model allows the user to start with the entity types of interest  , describe each entity type with a nested list of attribute types and build any number of levels of association types. These categories conform to TREC's general division of question topics into 4 main entity types 13 . The next step in sophistication is to have a template that can model more general transformations than the simple template  , such as affine distortion. Since it is difficult  , in general  , to decide which junction belongs to the scene object of interest  , we matched all 21 features with the corresponding model ones. one of our long-term research goals to find a general model which transforms raw image data directly into " ac-tion values " . Therefore  , to estimate the novelty of the information provided by each trail source  , we first had to construct a model of each user's general interest in the query topic based on historic data. In this paper  , we presented an optimal control a p proach to generating paths for robots  , extended our contact model to apply generally rather than specifically  , and discussed the derivatives that the general contact model in conjunction with the optimal control a p proach require. The ongoing expansion in the availability of electronic news material provides immediate access to many diaeerent perspectives on the same news stories. In particular  , m represents the average number of times each user of the group viewed this page pair. Of particular interest are open questions related to the introduction of police-based data placement in an information integration system. This also reflects that apps tend to go through a series of revisions before being generally favorable; after which the subsequent versions show a decline in general interest  , and this suggests the peripheral nature of the subsequent revisions. Cases for which both models yield a rather poor account typically correspond to memes that are characterized by either a single burst of popularity or by sequences of such bursts usually due to rekindled interest after news reports in other media. At least as serious  , the single existing set of relevance judgements we know of is extremely limited; this means that evaluating music- IR systems according to the Cranfield model that is standard in the text-IR world…is impossible  , and no one has even proposed a realistic alternative to the Cranfield approach for music. In the conventional model these news packages have a number of common features: the contents are decided by the editor and the contributing writers  , the coverage of stories represents a national or sometimes regional perspective  , and the depth of coverage of an individual story is determined by the editors' judgment of the general readership's interest in it. Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. The term "Genetic Programming" was first introduced by Koza 12 and it enables a computer to do useful things by automatic programming. However  , whether the balance can be achieved by genetic programming used by GenProg has still been unknown so far. The problems all shared a common set of primitives. GGGP is an extension of genetic programming. The core of this engine is a machine learning technique called Genetic Programming GP. Given a problem  , the basic idea behind genetic programming 18 is to generate increasingly better solutions of the given problem by applying a number of genetic operators to the current population . Compared to random search  , genetic programming used by GenProg can be regard as efficient only when the benefit in terms of early finding a valid patches with fewer number of patch trials  , brought by genetic programming  , has the ability of balancing the cost of fitness evaluations  , caused by genetic programming itself. Communication fitness for controller of Figure  93503 for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. In Section 2  , we provide background information on term-weighting components and genetic programming. l   , who used genetic programming to evolve control programs for modular robots consisting of sliding-style modules 2  , 81. al. Several program repair approaches assume the existence of program specification. First  , the initial population is generated  , and then genetic operators  , such as Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. One of the key problems of genetic programming is that it is a nondeterministic procedure. These primitives were d e signed to aid genetic programming in finding a solution and either encapsulated problem specific information or low-level information that was thought to be helpful for obtaining a solution. In this paper  , however  , we plan to further investigate whether genetic programming used by GenProg has the better performance over random search  , when the actual evolutionary search has started to work. Determining which information to add was the result of parallel attempts to examine the unsuccessful results produced by the genetic programming and attempts to hand code problem solutions. We defer discussing the possible reason to Section 6. In this paper  , we try to investigate the two questions via the performance comparison between genetic programming and random search. One novel part of our work is that we use a Genetic Programming GP based technique called ARRANGER Automatic geneRation of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming to discover ranking functions automatically Fan 2003a. Ranking functions usually could not work consistently well under all situations. We compared EAGLE with its batch learning counterpart. Other researchers used classifier systems 17  or genetic programming paradigm 3  to approach the path planning problem. RQ2 is designed to answer the question. proposed GenProg  , an automatic patch generation technique based on genetic programming. In Section 3  , we present our Combined Component Approach for similarity calculation. Individuals in the new generation are produced based on those in the current one. 19  select ranking functions using genetic programming   , maximizing the average precision on the training data. GP maintains a population of individual programs. Individuals in a new generation are produced based on those in the previous one. The entity resolution ER problem see 14 ,3  for surveys shares many similarities with link discovery. An individual represents a tentative solution for the target problem. We are not surprised for this experimental results. 17  propose matching ads with a function generated by learning the impact of individual features using genetic programming. This approach randomly mutates buggy programs to generate several program variants that are possible patch candidates. The 'Initial Repair' heading reports timing information for the genetic programming phase and does not include the time for repair minimization. for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. collision avoidance as well as helping achieve the overall task. 7  proposed a new approach to automatically generate term weighting strategies for different contexts  , based on genetic programming GP. Interested readers can reference that paper or  The details of our system and methodology for Genetic Programming GP are discussed in our Robust track paper. Generate an initial population of random compositions of the functions and terminals of the problem solutions. GP is expansion of GA in order to treat structural representation. As our time and human resources were limited for taking two tasks simultaneously  , in this task we only concentrate on testing our ranking function discovery technique  , ARRANGER Automatic Rendering of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming Fan 2003a  , Fan 2003b  , which uses Genetic Programming GP to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for various information needs. Given the problem  , RQ1 asks whether genetic programming used by GenProg works well to benefit the generation of valid patches. Although promising results have been shown in their work  , the problem of whether the promising results are caused by genetic programming or just because the used mutation operations are very effective is still not be addressed. Genetic Programming GP 14 is a Machine Learning ML technique that helps finding good answers to a given problem where the search space is very large and when there is more than one objective to be accomplished. Also  , the work in 24  applies Genetic Programming to learn ranking functions that select the most appropriate ads. The experimental results show that the matching function outperforms the best method in 21 in finding relevant ads. We also compared our method with genetic programming based repair techniques. Genetic programming approaches support more complex repairs but rely on heuristics and hence lack these important properties. In Genetic Programming  , a large number of individuals  , called a population  , are maintained at each generation. Genetic Programming searches for the " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. Our first approach extends a state-of-the-art tag recommender based on Genetic Programming to include novelty and diversity metrics both as attributes and in the objective function 1. Genetic Programming searches for an " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. Koza applied GP Genetic Programming to automatic acquisition of subsum tion architecture to perform wall-following behavior  ?2. Given that genetic programming is non-deterministic  , all results presented below are the means of 5 runs. Each experiment was ran on a single thread of a server running JDK1.7 on Ubuntu 10.0.4 and was allocated maximally 2GB of RAM. We also employed GenProg to repair the bugs in Coreutils. Learning approaches based on genetic programming have been most frequently used to learn link specifications 5 ,15 ,17. In addition  , it usually requires a large training data set to detect accurate solutions. Another genetic programming-based approach to link discovery is implemented in the SILK framework 15. Genetic ProgrammingGP is the method of learning and inference using this tree-based representation". Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , overtraining is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. Finally  , we applied data mining DM techniques based on grammar-guided genetic programming GGGP to create reference models useful for defining population groups. The average time required by SEMFIX for each repair is less than 100 seconds. This confirms that if the repair expression does not exist in other places of the program  , genetic programming based approaches have rather low chance of synthesizing the repair. There has also been work on synthesizing programs that meet a given specification. These functions are discovered using genetic programming GP and a state-of-the-art classifier optimumpath forest OPF 3  , 4. We use genetic programming to evolve program variants until one is found that both retains required functionality and also avoids the defect in question. A framework for tackling this problem based on Genetic Programming has been proposed and tested. In this paper we presented EAGLE  , an active learning approach for genetic programming that can learn highly accurate link specifications. The following experiments were run by connecting FX- PAL'S genetic programming system to a modular robot simulator  , built by J. Kubica and S. Vassilvitskii. Active learning approaches based on genetic programming adopt a comitteebased setting to active learning. As the planning motion  , we give this system vertical movement and one step walk. Sims studied on co-evolution of motion controller and morphology of rirtual creatures 3. All the experiments were conducted on a Core 2 Quad 2.83GHz CPU  , 3GB memory computer with Ubuntu 10.04 OS. The classifier uses these similarity functions to decide whether or not citations belong to a same author. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9. Subsequently  , we give some insight in active learning and then present the active learning model that underlies our work. GP is a machine learning technique inspired by biological evolution to find solutions optimized for certain problem characteristics. The main inconvenient of this approach is that it is not deterministic. Using an error situation obtained with the sampled parameters  , a fitness unction based on the allowed recovery criteria can be defined. We used strongly typed genetic programming The specific primitives added for each problem are discussed with setup of the the initial population  , results of crossover and mutation  , and subtrees created during mutation respectively . The three most common and most important methods are: Genetic programming applies a number of different possible conditions to the best solutions to create the next generation of solutions. The goal of grammarguided genetic programming is to solve the closure problem 7. External validity is concerned with generalization. Other approaches based on genetic programming e.g. Although they also used genetic programming  , their evaluation was limited to small programs such as bubble sorting and triangle classification  , while our evaluation includes real bugs in open source software. The 'Time' column reports the wall-clock average time required for a trial that produced a primary repair. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , over-training is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. With this system  , we simulate motion generation hierarchically for six legged locomotion robot using Genetic Programming. Here  , the mappings are discovered by using a genetic programming approach whose fitness function is set to a PFM. Supervised batch learning approaches for learning such classifiers must rely on large amounts of labeled data to achieve a high accuracy. This paper has reported our initial experiments aimed at investigating whether evolutionary programming  , and genetic programming in particular can evolve multiple robot controllers that utilise communication to improve their ability to collectively perform a task. Answer for RQ1: In our experiment  , for most programs 23/24  , random search used by RSRepair performs better in terms of requiring fewer patch trials to search a valid patch than genetic programming used by GenProg  , regardless of whether genetic programming really starts to work see Figure 1 or not. For the representation problem  , GenProg represents each candidate patch as the Abstract Syntax Tree AST of the patched program. They doubted that the promising results may not be brought by genetic programming used by GenProg  , because the patch search problem can be easy when random search would have likely yielded similar results. With the hypothesis that some missed important functionalities may occur in another position in the same program  , GenProg attempts to automatically repair defective program with genetic programming 38. Then  , in this subsection we plan to investigate to what extent genetic programming used by GenProg worsens the repair efficiency over random search used by RSRepair. " Genetic programming GP is a computational method inspired by biological evolution  , which discovers computer programs tailored to a particular task 19. Our classification approach combines a genetic programming GP framework  , which is used to define suitable reference similarity functions   , with the Optimum-Path Forest OPF classifier  , a graph-based approach that uses GP-based edge weights to assign input references to the correct authors. As we can see  , Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. To give proper answers for these questions  , we propose a new approach to content-targeted advertising based on Genetic Programming GP. We show how the discovery of link specifications can consequently be modeled as a genetic programming problem. sKDD transforms the original numerical temporal sequences into symbolic sequences  , defines a symbolic isokinetics distance SID that can be used to compare symbolic isokinetics sequences   , and provides a method  , SYRMO  , for creating symbolic isokinetics reference models using grammar-guided genetic programming. We developed a genetic programming approach to finding consensus structural motifs in a set of RNA sequences known to be functionally related. Both GenProg and Par use the same fault localization technique to locate faulty statements  , and genetic programming to guide the patch search  , but differ in the concrete mutation operations. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 18. Their approach relies on formal specifications  , which our approach does not require. Recent work has addressed this drawback by relying on active learning  , which was shown in 15 to reduce the amount of labeled data needed for learning link specifications. For example   , the approach presented in 5 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. In this paper we have introduced a new approach based on the combination of term weighting components  , extracted from well-known information retrieval ranking formulas  , using genetic programming. Genetic Programming has been widely used and approved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management. Genetic Programming shows its sharp edge in solving such kind of problems  , since its internal tree structure representation for " individuals " can be perfectly used for describing ranking functions. Section 2 of the paper gives an overview of the I4 Intelligent Interpretation of Isokinetics Information system  , of which this research is part. A follow-up work 13 proposes a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function. Guided by genetic programming  , GenProg has the ability to repair programs without any specification  , and GenProg is commonly considered to open a new research area of general automated program repair 26  , 20  , although there also exists earlier e.g. Construct validity threats concern the appropriateness of the evaluation measurement. GP makes it possible to solve complex problems for which conventional methods can not find an answer easily. In a follow-up work 7 the authors propose a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function.   , but none of these strategies reaches the level of applicability and the speed of execution of random testing. Our technique takes as input a program  , a set of successful positive testcases that encode required program behavior  , and a failing negative testcase that demonstrates a defect. In order to answer these questions  , we choose ARRANGER – a Genetic Programming-based discovery engine 910 to perform the ranking function tuning. Genetic Programming has been widely used and proved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management 119. As we have formalized link specifications as trees  , we can use Genetic Programming GP to solve the problem of finding the most appropriate complex link specification for a given pair of knowledge bases. This approach is yet a batch learning approach and it consequently suffers of drawbacks of all batch learning approaches as it requires a very large number of human annotations to learn link specifications of a quality comparable to that of EAGLE. The robot modules we consider are the TeleCube modules currently being developed at Xerox PARC 13 and shown in Figure 1 . For example  , the genetic programming approach used in 7 has been shown to achieve high accuracies when supplied with more than 1000 positive examples. Still  , none of the active learning approaches for LD presented in previous work made use of the similarity of unlabeled link candidates to improve the convergence of curious classifiers. For example  , the approach presented in 8 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. Several other strategies for input generation have been proposed symbolic execution combined with constraint solving 30  , 18  , direct setting of object fields 5  , genetic programming 29  , etc. 15 proposes an approach based on the Cauchy-Schwarz inequality that allows discarding a large number of superfluous comparisons. Particularly  , we investigate an inductive learning method – Genetic Programming GP – for the discovery of better fused similarity functions to be used in the classifiers  , and explore how this combination can be used to improve classification effectiveness . Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. Another approach to contextual advertising is to reduce it to the problem of sponsored search advertising by extracting phrases from the page and matching them with the bid phrase of the ads. In addition  , gradient primitives   , shown to be effective for communication in modular robots We also gave the genetic programming runs additional primitives for each problem. The best computer program that appeared in any generation  , the best-so-far solution  , is designated as the result of genetic programming Koza 19921. In addition  , similar to other search-based software engineering SBSE 15  , 14 approaches  , genetic programming often suffers from the computationally expensive cost caused by fitness evaluation  , a necessary activity used to distinguish between better and worse solutions. That is  , compared to random search  , genetic programming does not bring benefits in term of fewer NCP in this case to balance the cost caused by fitness evaluations. 26  introduced the idea of program repair using genetic programming  , where existing parts of code are used to patch faults in other parts of code and patching is restricted to those parts that are relevant to the fault. Out of the 90 buggy programs  , with a test suite size of 50 — SEMFIX repaired 48 buggy programs while genetic programming repaired only 16. This is the major motivation to choose GP for the ranking function discovery task. Based on the plaintext collection  , our ARRANGER engine  , a Genetic Programming GP based ranking function discovery system  , is used to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for the topic distillation task. The function is represented as a tree composed of arithmetic operators and the log function as internal nodes  , and different numerical features of the query and ad terms as leafs. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 8. With flexible GP operators and structural motif representations  , our new method is able to identify general RNA secondary motifs. We choose not to record the genetic programming operations performed to obtain the variant as an edit script because such operations often overlap and the resulting script is quite long. The isolation of the search strategies from the search space makes the solution compatible with that of Valduriez891 and thus applicable to more general database programming languages which can be deductive or object-oriented Lanzelotte901. Yet  , so far  , none of these approaches has made use of the correlation between the unlabeled data items while computing the set of most informative items. Furthermore  , affected by GenProg  , Par also uses genetic programming to guide the patch search in the way like GenProg. The fact that it has been successfully applied to similar problems  , has motivated us to use it as a basis for discovering good similarity functions for record replica identification. This approach captures the novelty and diversity of a list of recommended tags implicitly  , by introducing metrics that assess the semantic distance between different tags diversity and the inverse of the popularity of the tag in the application novelty. AutoFix-E 37 can repair programs but requires for the contracts in terms of pre-and post-conditions. Running test cases typically dominated GenProg's runtime " 22  , which is also suitable for RSRepair  , so we use the measurement of NTCE to compare the repair efficiency between GenProg and RSRepair  , which is also consistent with traditional test case prioritization techniques aiming at early finding software bugs with fewer NTCE. Short titles may mislead the results  , specially generic titles such as Genetic Programming  , then we add the publication venue title to this type of query. That is  , RSRepair immediately discards one candidate patch once the patched program fails to pass some test case. After that  , general automated program repair has gone from being entirely unheard of to having its own multi-paper sessions  , such as " Program Repair " session in ICSE 2013  , in many top tier conferences 20  , and many researchers justify the advantage of their techniques  , such as Par and SemFix  , via the comparison with GenProg. We conducted a set of experiments aiming to evaluate the proposed disambiguation system in comparison with stateof-the-art methods on two well-known datasets. To the best of our knowledge  , the problem of discovering accurate link specifications has only been addressed in very recent literature by a small number of approaches: The SILK framework 14  now implements a batch learning approach to discovery link specifications based on genetic programming which is similar to the approach presented in 6. Several approaches that combine genetic programming and active learning have been developed over the course of the last couple of years and shown to achieve high F-measures on the deduplication see e.g. The evaluation has shown that the numerical and symbolic reference models generated from isokinetics tests on top-competition sportsmen and women are  , in the expert's opinion  , similar. Word embedding techniques seek to embed representations of words. A brief introduction to word embedding. So  , when tackling the phrase-level sentiment classification  , we form a sentence matrix S as follows: for each token in a tweet  , we have to look up its corresponding word embedding in the word matrix W  , and the embedding for one of the two word types. In this paper  , we propose a new Word Embedding-based metric  , which we instantiate using 8 different Word Embedding models trained using different datasets and different parameters. In this work  , we use a similar idea as word embedding to initialize the embedding of user and item feature vectors via additional training data. If a word has no embedding  , the word is considered as having no word semantic relatedness knowledge. We proposed a new Word Embedding-based topic coherence metric  , and instantiated it using 8 different WE models. Current approaches of learning word embedding 2  , 7  , 15  focus on modeling the syntactic context. We adopt the skip-gram approach to obtain our Word Embedding models. a single embedding is inaccurate for representing multiple topics. Hence  , the input sentence matrix is augmented with an additional set of rows from the word type embeddings . The embedding of the word vectors enables the identification of words that are used in similar contexts to a specufic word. Intuitively  , the sentence representation is computed by modeling word-level coherence. As mentioned in Section 3.2  , a parameter is required to determine the semantic relatedness knowledge provided by the auxiliary word embeddings.  WMD  , a word embedding-based framework using the Word Mover's Distance 15  to measure the querydocument relevance  , based on a word embedding vector set trained from Google News 19. From a statistical language modeling perspective  , meaning of a word can be characterized by its context words. By a separately trained word embedding model using large corpus in a totally unsupervised fashion  , we can alleviate the negative impact from limited word embedding training corpus from only labeled queries. In order to address these concerns  , we propose to represent contexts of entities in documents using word embeddings. Using WE word representation models  , scholars have improved the performance of classification 6  , machine translation 16  , and other tasks. In the first phase  , we learn the sentence embedding using the word sequence generated from the sentence. The parameter vector of each ranking system is learned automatically . The BWESG-based representation of word w  , regardless of its actual language  , is then a dim-dimensional vector: The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. We also use as baselines two types of existing effective metrics based on PMI and LSA. In our case  , we use a random sample of tweets crawled from a different time period to train our word embedding vectors. RQ3: Do the word embedding training heuristics improve the ranking performance  , when added to the vanilla Skip-gram model ? To build the word embedding matrix W W W   , we extract the vocabulary from all tweets present in TMB2011 and TMB2012. We describe how we train the Word Embedding models in Section 5. Each word type is associated with its own embedding. Next  , we present the details of the proposed model GPU-DMM. A typical approach is to map a discrete word to a dense  , low-dimensional  , real-valued vector  , called an embedding 19. The resulting vocabulary contains 150k words out of which only 60% are found in the word embeddings model. We create an embedding feature for each attribute using these word vectors as follows. Intuitively  , affirmative negated words are mapped to the affirmative negated representations  , which can be used to predict the surrounding words and word sentiment in affirmative negated context. We omit Raw for word-sequence embedding w W S because there is no logic in comparing word-sequence vectors of two different documents. Each dimension in the vector captures some anonymous aspect of underlying word meanings. We begin with a brief introduction to word embedding techniques and then motivate how can these be applied in IR. We separately evaluate the utility of temporal modeling via staleness by introducing the Staleness only method that includes the F t features. This method needs lots of hierarchical links as its training data. These metrics use Word Embedding models newly trained using the separate Twitter background dataset  , but making use of the word2vec 5 tool. Theoretically   , word embedding model is aiming to produce similar vector representation to words that are likely to occur in the same context. Word embedding as technique for representing the meaning of a word in terms other words  , as exemplified by the Word2vec ap- proach 7 . Federated search is a well-explored problem in information retrieval research. an MS-Word document. These metrics are instantiated using Word Embedding models from Wikipedia 4 and Twitter  , pre-trained using the GloV e 12 tool. Table 1summarizes the notations used in our models. Finally  , to compute term similarity we used publicly available 5 pre-trained word embedding vectors. Based on Word2Vec 6  , Doc2Vec produces a word embedding vector  , given a sentence or document. In the model  , bags-of-visual terms are used to represent images. This situation does not take the sentiment information into account. Here we propose to learn the affirmative and negated word embedding simultaneously . In order to evaluate the effect of adding word embeddings  , we introduce two extensions to the baselines that use the embedding features: Embedding  , Single that uses a single embedding for every document F c e features  , and Embedding  , POS that maintains different embeddings for common nouns  , proper nouns and verbs F p e features; see Section 3.1 for details. LSTM outputs a representation ht for position t  , given by    , xT }  , where xt is the word embedding at position t in the sentence. We follow recent successes with word embedding similarity and use in this work: The closer the function's value is to 1 the more similar the two terms are. The relationships among words are embedded in their word vectors  , providing a simple way to compute aggregated semantics for word collections such as paragraphs and documents . Given the wide availability of standard word embedding software and word lists for most languages  , both resources are significantly easier to obtain than manually curating lexical paraphrases   , for example by creating WordNet synsets. A word embedding is a dense  , low-dimensional  , and realvalued vector associated with every word in a vocabulary such that they capture useful syntactic and semantic properties of the contexts that the word appears in. Therefore  , neural word embedding method such as 12  aims to predict context words by the given input word while at the same time  , learning a real-valued vector representation for each word. This objective is fulfilled by either having a layer to perform the transformation or looking up word vectors from a table which is filled by word vectors that are trained separately using additional large corpus. Similarities are only computed between words in the same word list. Two categories of word analogy are used in this task: semantic and syntactic. Word- Net is an expensive resource that was relied upon by the LSH-FSD system of 11 to obtain high FSD effectiveness. Distance Computation between regional embeddings After learning word embeddings for each word w ∈ V  , we then compute the distance Figure 2: Semantic field of theatre as captured by GEODIST method between the UK and US. In 18  , convolutional layers are employed directly from the embedded word sequence  , where embedded words are pre-trained separately. In our method  , we do the latter  , using already induced word embedding features in order to improve our system accuracy. The idea of having bilingual contexts for each pivot word in each pseudo-bilingual document will steer the final model towards constructing a shared inter-lingual embedding space. Because of the compactness  , the embedding can be efficiently stored and compared. Then  , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space  , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context  , followed by their loss functions. First  , since the neural language model essentially exploits word co-occurrence in a text corpus   , for a label of relatively low occurrence  , its embedding vector could be unreliable for computing its similarity to images and other labels. Source code is often paired with natural language statements that describe its behavior. The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. From an embedding point of view  , θ d is document d's projection in a low-dimensional nonnegative topical embedding 7. Specifically we discuss the learning of word embeddings   , the aligning of embedding spaces across different time snapshots to a joint embedding space  , and the utilization of a word's displacement through this semantic space to construct a distributional time series. Further  , using a single Figure 7: Macro P-R-F1-SU over confidence cutoffs bedding Embedding  , Single outperforms multiple embeddings representations Embedding  , POS  , indicating word embeddings implicitly capture the various parts of speech in their representation. The results shown in Table 5 compare the LR system introduced in 46 with a number of systems that use word embeddings in the one-and two-vocabulary settings  , as follows: LR+WE 1 refers to combining the one-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the six features of the LR system from 46  , LR+WE 2 refers to combining the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the LR system  , WE 1 refers to using only the one-vocabulary wordembedding-based features  , and WE 2 refers to using only the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features. The readers can find advanced document embedding approaches in 7. Using a single word embedding to represent multiple such topics may result in embeddings that conflate them  , i.e. Three layers are presented in SG++  , namely the syntactic layer  , the affirmative layer and the negation one. An input instance of DREAM model consists a series of baskets of items  , which are sequential transactions of a specific user. RQ4: Do the modified text similarity functions improve the ranking performance  , when compared with the original similarity function in 28 ? and word embedding for terms into a standalone version that can be applied to any document collection to facilitate efficient event browsing. Induce the set of bilingual word embeddings BWE using the BWESG embedding learning model see sect. Weston et al 30 propose a joint word-image embedding model to find annotations for images. To identify the usefulness of these WE-based metrics  , we conducted a large-scale pairwise user study to gauge human preferences. The work presented by 12  , 16  proves that the features of a sentence/document can be learnt through its word embedding. In this paper  , we propose an advanced Skip-gram model SG++ to learn better word embedding and negation for Twitter sentiment classification efficiently. Questions QA pairs from categories other than those presented previously . Hence  , we use the entire input paragraph and compute a vector representation given a Doc2Vec model created on a Wikipedia corpus. For example  , word vector representations of xml and nonterminal are very similar for the W3C benchmark l2 norm. Unlike these continuous space language models 30  , 31  , CLSM can project multi-word variable length queries into the embedding space.  We generated QR codes by first converting PDF documents into Microsoft Word™ format and then embedding the QR tag in the document to be printed. Hence  , we are motivated to establish a novel approach  , not only focusing on learning sentiment-specific word embedding efficiently  , but also capturing the negation information. In this paper  , we study the vector offset technique in the context of the CLSM outputs. When examining words nearby query terms in the embedding space  , we found words to be related to the query term. Each PS shard stores input and output vectors for a portion of the words from the vocabulary. However  , researchers 13  , 44  , 45 have proposed methods to infer semantically related software terms  , and have built software-specific word similarity databases 41  , 42. We expect that learning word embeddings on a larger corpora such that the percentage of the words present in the word embedding matrix W W W should help to improve the accuracy of our system. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. The training objective is to find word representations such that the surrounding words the syntactic context can be predicted in a sentence or a document. As shown in Figure 1  , the auxiliary word embeddings utilized in GPU-DMM is pre-learned using the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques from large document collections. Moreover  , similar to the situation observed with answer selection experiments  , we expect that using more training data would improve the generalization of our model. To the best of our knowledge  , word embedding techniques have not been applied before to solve information retrieval tasks in SE. By embedding background knowledge constructed from Wikipedia  , we generate an enriched representation of documents  , which is capable of keeping multi-word concepts unbroken  , capturing the semantic closeness of synonyms  , and performing word sense disambiguation for polysemous terms. Methods like this rely on large labeled training set to cover as much words as possible  , so that we can take advantage of word embedding to get high quality word vectors.  We propose and study the task of detecting local text reuse at the semantic level. However  , it remains to be seen whether Word Embedding can be effectively used to evaluate the coherence of topics in comparison with existing metrics. Inserting a QR code into the Word document's main body has the potential to change the layout of the document. In many CNN based text classification models  , the first step is to convert word from one-hot sparse representation to a distributed dense representation using Word Embedding . Moreover  , since dimensionality of word vector is fixed during word embedding training  , feature-level modeling also perfectly deals with unfixed length of queries. Large-vocabulary neural probabilistic language models for modeling word sequence distributions have become very popular re- cently 8  , 43  , 44. We first define the existing PMI & LSA-based metrics before introducing the new Word Embedding-based metric to evaluate the coherence of topics. This change leads to learning rich and accurate representation compared to the previous model  , which freezes the word vectors while learning the document vectors.  Inspired by the advantages of continuous space word representations  , we introduce a novel method to aggregate and compress the variable-size word embedding sets to binary hash codes through Fisher kernel and hashing methods. More concretely  , to automatically construct the lexical paraphrase matrix we follow a simple three-step procedure: Learn Word Embeddings: Learn a set of word embedding vectors using Word2vec 9  on a background corpus containing the same type of documents that are to be expanded. All prior work critically requires sentence-aligned parallel data and readily-available translation dic- tionaries 14  , 11 to induce bilingual word embeddings BWEs that are consistent and closely aligned over languages. The lowdimensionality of the embeddings as compared to vector space models hundreds instead of millions make them an elegant solution to address lexical sparsity in settings with very few labels Turian et al. All words in the embedding space retain their " language annotations " ; although the words from two different languages are represented in the same semantic space  , we still know whether a word belongs to language LS e.g. For example  , if we expect a document containing the word north to have a higher-thanaverage probability of being relevant to a WHERE question  , we might augment the WHERE question with the word north. Our objective is to take advantage of this property for the task of query rewriting  , and to learn query representations in a lowdimensional space where semantically similar queries would be close. The comparison is based on Hamming Embedding  , which compresses a descriptor's 64 floating numbers into a single 64-bit word while preserving the ability to estimate the distance between descriptors. In this submission  , we introduce a semi-supervised approach suitable for streaming settings that uses word embedding clusters and temporal relevance to represent entity contexts. Note that this does not automatically mean  , that a 0.7 similarity also means that the predicted answer has high accuracy  , but only gives an indication of its relatedness on basis of the selected word embedding. We now get to our main result  , which is split into two parts  , corresponding to the exact matching and soft matching settings. In the conventional PS system  , the word embedding training can be implemented as follows. First  , we briefly introduce Word2Vec  , a set of models that are used to produce word embeddings  , and Doc2Vec  , a modification of Word2Vec to generate document embeddings  , in Section 4.1. The second approach is to launch the G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in a document  , such as a Microsoft Word file or HTML file. This has the effect of labeling an attribute as negative either if its frequency PMI is low relative to other positive attributes or its word embedding is far away from positive attributes. The main motivations for using word2vec for our automatic evaluation were twofold: 1 Verifying whether two texts convey the same meaning is a sub-problem to Question-Answering itself. We use the methodology explained in Section 4 to examine whether the WE-based metric can capture the coherence of topics from tweets  , and how well WE  , PMI  , and LSA metrics compare with human judgements. The joint probability on the words  , classes and the latent variables in one document is thus given by:  different proportion of the topics  , and different topics govern dissimilar word occurrences  , embedding the correlation among different words. Recently  , RNN approaches to word embedding for sentence modeling 5  , sequential click prediction 10 ket recommendation. C3 We construct a novel unified framework for ad-hoc monolingual MoIR and cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR which relies on the induced word embeddings and constructed query and document embeddings. In order to present the document d in the dim-dimensional embedding space induced by the BWESG model  , we need to apply a model of semantic composition to learn its dim-dimensional vector representation − → d . Topic modelling approaches can be used by scholars to capture the topics discussed in various corpora  , including news articles  , books 5 and tweets 4  , 15. We segmented each page into individual words by embedding the Bing HTML parser into DryadLINQ and performing the parsing and word-breaking on our compute cluster. Prior work captured the effect of excessive terms appearing only in the document on the ranking score mainly by their contribution to overall document context or structure. In this section we describe experimental evaluation of the proposed approach  , which we refer to as hierarchical document vector HDV model. This approach is particularly useful in that it provides seamless access to personalized projects from other applications. Inspired by the superior results obtained by the neural language models  , we present a two-phase approach  , Doc2Sent2Vec  , to learn document embedding. Another popular method is the Partial Least Squares PLS 31 that learns orthogonal score vectors by maximizing the covariance between different multimodal data. Using two Twitter datasets  , our results show that the new Word Embedding-based metrics outperform the PMI/LSA-based ones in capturing the coherence of topics in terms of robustness and efficientness. It is intriguing that the LINE2nd outperforms the state-of-the-art word embedding model trained on the original corpus. We employ an embedding layer in our shallow model for the same reasons as mentioned above: we learn continuous word representations that incorporate semantic and syntactic similarity tailored to an expert's domain. UNIX editing system  , embedding within the text of the reports certain formatting codes. The basic Skip-gram model we adopt here is introduced by 7 to learn word embedding from text corpus. In addition  , we are not aware of prior work that directly applies it to a large set of standard LTR features   , specifically using similarity between word embedding vectors for lexical semantics compared to the well studied translation models for this usage. Since FVs are usually high-dimensional and dense  , it makes the system less efficient for large-scale applications. According to the framework of Fisher Kernel  , text segments are modeled by a probability density function. The Word2vec model requires training in order to learn the word embedding space  , and this was realised using an additional corpus of Google news and Yahoo! Moreover  , following the recent trend of multilingual word embedding induction e.g. When operating in multilingual settings  , it is highly desirable to learn embeddings for words denoting similar concepts that are very close in the shared inter-lingual embedding space e.g. In the context of NLP  , distributed models are able to learn word representations in a low-dimensional continuous vector space using a surrounding context of the word in a sentence  , where in the resulting embedding space semantically similar words are close to each other 31. We show that WE-based monolingual ad-hoc retrieval models may be considered as special and less general cases of the cross-lingual retrieval setting i.e. The training objective then is to maximize the probability of words appearing in the context of word w i conditioned on the active set of regions A. Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. On the other hand  , it is this kind of label that we want to tackle via zero shot learning otherwise we could choose to harvest training examples from the Internet. Since the model depends on the alignment at the document level  , in order to ensure the bilingual contexts instead of monolingual contexts  , it is intuitive to assume that larger window sizes will lead to better bilingual embeddings. Ganguly et al 14 employed similarity between word embedding vectors within a translation model for LMIR as means to overcome the lexical gap between queries and documents   , where it outperformed a language model extended with latent topics. Given the quality issues in the output of NER on Wikipedia  , we are also working on the extraction of named entities from Wikipedia based on internal links  , with the aim of constructing a more accurate version of the Wikipedia LOAD graph as a community resource. This hierarchical agglomerative step begins with leaf clusters  , and has complexity quadratic in . Locality-based methods group objects based on local relationships. These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. They can be run in batch or interactively  , and can use a pre-existing modularization to reduce the amount of human interaction needed. To test this hypothesis  , we decided to use agglomerative cluster- ing 5 to construct a hierarchy of tags. ranging from the macroscopic level -paper foLding or gift wrapping -to the microscopic level -protein folding. The folding problems  , especially protein folding  , have a few notable differences from usual PRM applications. Many problems related to the folding and unfolding of polyhedral objects have recently attracted the attention of the computational geometry community 25. Also  , folding can be simulated by calculating the parabolic motion of each joint. Each self-folding sheet was baked in an oven. In order to accomplish all four  , we needed a new self-folding method based on activation from a localized and independent stimulus. For example  , for the paper folding problems  , one is interested in a path which makes a minimal number of folds  , and for the protein folding we are interested in low energy paths. In the Smartpainter project the painting motion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion in 2D and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions follow this folding of surfaces 3  , 91. In case of the paper material the folding edge flips back to its initial position. We posit a modification scenario in which a developer is asked to modify the folding behaviour to automatically expand every nested level of folding when a user clicks on the fold marker. In computational biology  , one of the most impor­ tant outstanding problems is protein folding  , i.e. Thc formation order of secondary structures is related to a undamt:ntal question in protein folding: do secondary struc­ tures always form before the tertiary structure  , or is tertiary structure formed in a one-stage transition ? Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. I Some statistics regarding the roadmaps constructed for the paper folding problems are shown in Table 1. I. Node generation. Our previous work on creating self-folding devices controlling its actuators with an internal control system is described in 3. Since the design and folding steps are automated  , these steps were finished in less than 7 minutes Tab. This paper builds on prior work in self-folding  , computational origami and modular robots. First  , as our problems are not posed in an environment containing external obstacles  , the only collision constraint we impose is that our configurations be self-collision free  , and  , for the protein folding problem  , our preference for low energy con­ formations leads to an additional constraint on the feasible conformations. This paper presents a novel technique for self-folding that utilizes shape memory polymers  , resistive circuits  , and structural design features to achieve these requirements and create two­ dimensional composites capable of self-folding into three­ dimensional devices. The first step for the developer is to identify a few elements that could be related to the implementation of the folding feature. From these examples  , and considering the range of struc­ tures we are interested in creating  , we identify four principle requirements for a viable self-folding method: I sequential folding  , II angle-controlled folds  , III slot-and-tab assem­ bly  , and IV mountain-valley folding. Each self-folding hinge must be approximately 10 mm long or folding will not occur  , limiting the total minimum size of the mechanism. The painting mot ,ion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions following this folding of surfaces 2  , 81. we conclude that folding the facets panel is neither necessarily beneficial nor detrimental. The most time consuming step of the experimental design and fabrication of self-folding structures was the physical construction of the self-folding sheets. We introduced a design pipeline which automatically generates folding information  , then compiles this information into fabrication files. Some statistics regarding the road maps con­ structed for the protein folding problems are shown in Ta­ hIe 2. Folding: Classes of data are folded in the case of symbolic testing. All shapes folded themselves in under 7 minutes. In this paper we have demonstrated a novel technique for self-folding using shape-memory polymers and resistive heating that is capable of several fabrication features: sequen­ tial folding  , angle-controlled folds  , slot-and-tab assembly  , and mountain-valley folding. However   , this strategy is only applicable when 3D models of the objects are available and the curvature of the objects is relatively small. In formal program verification one usually avoids explicitly constructing representations of program states. 11shows the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained in the inverse problem. We used an inchworm robot to validate these techniques  , which transformed itself from a two-dimensional composite to a three-dimensional function­ ing device via the application of current  , a manual rotation  , and the addition of a battery and servo. In this section  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding. A self-folding sheet is defined as a crease pattern composed of cuts and folding edges hinges as shown in Fig 3. A shape memory polymer SMP actuator is located along each folding edge of the sheet  , and its fold angle is encoded by the geometry of the rigid material located at the edge. In techniques based on program texts  , or information derived from program texts such aa flowgraphs  , the degree of folding will generally be determined by the class of model. In order to extract the motions required for performing dynamic folding of the cloth  , we first analyze the dynamic folding performed by a human subject. Some common or often proposed initial transformations are: lookalike transformations  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , case folding  , word stemming  , stop words list  , feature selection 3. For instance  , many techniques model control flow and omit data  , thus folding together program states which differ only in variable values. The velocity sensor is composed of two separate components: a sensing layer containing the loop of copper in which voltage is induced and a support layer that wraps around the sensing layer after folding to restrict the sensor's movement to one degree of freedom. The results for the protein folding examples are also very interesting. In folding simulations  , similar structures between proteins could be indicative of a common folding pathway. 8there is a distinguishable difference between nominal and tip folding in the final phase of insertion d3 < d < d4. In order to demonstrate self-folding  , a design was chosen that incorporates the four requirements listed above: the inchworm robot shown in Fig. We case-fold in our experiments. If there are still mul­ tiple connected components in the roadmap after this stage other techniques will be applied to try to connect different connected components see 2 for details. Other ongoing research aimed at applying PCRs to ligand-protein binding and protein folding is reported in BSAOO  , SAOU. There are s ti ll many interesting problems involving folding of tree­ like linkages. The final 3D configuration is achieved by folding the right hand side shown in Fig. To demonstrate these techniques  , we describe the development of the inchworm robot shown in Fig. Discussed in our 2005 spam track report 2 and CRM114's notes 4   , it would be far better if the learning machine itself either made these transformations automatically or used all the features. 3 Information hiding/unhiding by folding tree branches. We are planning to study a game-like interface for structurization. In order to achieve local and sequential folding  , we required a way to activate the PSPS with a local stimulus. the white LED used in the lamp were manually soldered to the composite prior to folding. 12  , the dynamic folding is shown as a continuous sequence of pictures taken at intervals of 57 ms. V. EXPERIMENT In Fig. University faculty lists form the seeds for such a crawl. Lemma 2 shows this crease pattern is correct. Videos of our autonomous folding runs are available at the URL provided in the introduction. In this paper  , we explored and analyzed an end-to-end approach to making self-folding sheets activated by uniformheat . Collingbourne et al. Applications include the folding of robot arms in space when some of the actuators fail. Our approach is based on the successful probabilistic roadmap PRM motion planning method 17. In this paper  , we focus on validating our folding pathways by comparing the order in which the secondary strueturcs form in our paths with results for some small proleins lhat have been deler­ mined by pulse labeling and native state out-exchange ex­ periments 22. For the protein folding pathways found by our PRM frame­ work to be useful  , we must find some way to validate them with known results. For example  , 8 shows that cvery polyhedron can be 'wrapped' by folding a strip of paper around it  , which ad­ dresses a question arising in three-dimensional origami  , e.g. While most of the folding simulations to date have been relatively small  , focusing on runs of short  , engineered proteins  , large-scale simulations such as Folding@Home 13 have come online and are expected to generate a tremendous amount of data. In our experiments  , we used folding-in with 20 EM iterations to map a document in test data to its corresponding topic vector . Case-folding overcomes differences between terms by representing all terms uniformly in a single case. Folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not analyzed in this paper. Also  , the elastic foot has folding sections in front and back relative to the leg. With a simple and fast heuristic we determine the language of the document: we assume the document to be in the language in which it contains the most stopwords. For token normalization  , stateof-the-art Information Retrieval techniques such as case folding and word segmentation can be applied 18. While an ideal cut would result in the same roughness on both sides  , occurrences of bunching  , folding  , tearing  , and debris generation can result in complementary edges with very different cut qualities. Thus there could be an improvement not only in the dynamics of the structure  , but in the construction by utilizing these composite materials. During foot removal  , the folding portions of the foot snap back into position shortly after leaving the water. The self-folding devices in this paper were all fabricated using methods consistent with those published in Felton et al. As can be seen  , in both cases the problems were solved rather quickly with relatively small roadmaps. Snapshots of the folding paths found are shown in Fig­ ures 1 and 3 for the box and the periscope  , respectively. In the future  , we expect to further study more efficient motions of the fingers  , possibly in parallel  , to fold knots. In future cost reductions could be a motivation t o build robots with fewer actuators than joints and replacing actuators with holding brakes. The former plays a part in folding the fingers and the latter plays a part in stretching the fingers. Indri uses a document-distributed retrieval model when operating on a cluster. Protein Folding. The two objects in the tank are a triangular prism  , made by folding aluminum sheets  , and an aluminum cylinder with thick walls. For the ellipse feet  , the front to back orientation provided far greater lift than the side to side orientation  , shown in Fig. A set of weighted features constitutes a high-dimensional vector  , with one dimension per unique feature in all documents taken together. Mean values and first and third quartiles are given in Figure 4for both ambiguous and non ambiguous topics. Also investigations will be made in making the gluing and folding steps easier as the structures are made smaller. The operation of a packaging machine can be divided into three independent sub tasks: folding  , ing  , and sealing. To answer our research question " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " Maxmin on the other hand discards this original ranking and aims for maximal visual diversity of the representatives. We omit queries issued by clicking on the next link and use only first page requests 10 . Gaming interfaces already worked well in different areas  , such as OCR error correction and protein folding 30. The remaining pd-graphs are obtained by subsequent folding of paths GSe5G5  , G53e4e3G2  , G4ezGz53  , and GlelG4253. By replacing T containing crease information cut or hinge to T containing desired angle information  , Alg. Berry and Fierro 2 therefore proposed a technique of 'folding-in' by slightly warping the space around the new data  , which can be done relatively efficiently. The problem of capturing functional landscapes over complex spaces is one of general interest. Mean  , first and third quartile performance is given in Figure 6   , while Table 1 presents the performance averaged over all topics. A variety of transformations may be employed  , including function folding and unfolding  , data type refinement  , and optimizing transformations. We are currently working on folding in our classifier module into a web-scale crawler. The shaded areas indicate the keyphrases that would be extracted using the default settings of each model. A fourth layer is used to locally activate the contractile component  , enabling sequential and simultaneous folding. We used joule heating from resistive circuit traces because as wide as possible to reduce resistance  , preventing unintended heating. In this section  , we explain a cloth deformation model that takes advantage of high-speed motion. In this simulation  , folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not considered. As a consequence  , dynamic folding cannot be realized. There is also a great potential for motion planning in drug-design  , where it is used to study the folding of complex protein molecules  , see Song and Amato 141. e.g. The types of actuator design of self-folding sheets are determined by a selected actuator design function in Sec. The present paper extends this concept  , provides new results for ligand-protein binding  , and explores the application of PCRs to protein folding. This creates a small upward spike in force with a very short duration. Phrases in bold are those that Kea extracted that are equivalent to author keyphrases after case-folding and stemming. Their tablet readers do not demonstrate similar behaviors  , as they are not available in the interface 18 . The Lemur utility BuildBasicIndex was used to construct Lemur index files  , which we then converted to document vectors in BBR's format. In this experiment  , the robot motion obtained by the simulation is implemented. We therefore utilized a manually folded 24-winding copper-based origami coil with the same folding geometry pattern as Fig. We now describe results on paper folding and protein fold­ ing problems obtained using our PRM-based approach. In attitude control loops of spacecrafts with CMGs  , the Jacobian maps gimbal rates to components of torque 1. For example  , the image in Figure 1b of a three-page fold-out exhibits distortion from both folding and binder curl. As to tokenization  , we removed HTMLtags   , punctuation marks  , applied case-folding  , and mapped marked characters into the unmarked tokens. This set allows to move from one situation to another by folding or unfolding the parts of tlle semantic graph. In the parabolic motion calculation  , the velocity of each joint at the moment that the robot stops is considered as the initial condition. A perfect success rate of 100% was achieved on the 50 end-to-end trials of previously untested towels. We combined MPF and a heat-sensitive shrinking film to self-fold structures by applying global heat. For these applications  , different criteria are used to judge the validity of nodes and edges. All three of these tasks differ from RMS operations  , in that they only provide a single view of the workspace. It appears that the facets were heavily used during searching in both versions of the search interface. In the base experimental data set described above  , no attribute values were missing. The projection facility is implemented like code folding in modern development environments  , in which bodies of methods or comments can be folded and unfolded on request. Folding-in refers to the problem of computing representations of documents that were not contained in the original training collection . Inverse kinematics can be also linked to other areas  , for example spacecraft control with control moment gyros CMG  , animation   , protein folding. The problem of folding and unfolding is an interesting research topic and has been studied in several application do­ mains. Neverthcless  , we show that these additional factors can be dealt with in a reasonable fashion within the PRM framework. So far our examples have demonstrated the folding capability of CSN. This similarity may include the primary sequence over 20 basic amino acids  , or the local folding patterns in the secondary sequence alphabet of size three: α-helix  , β-sheet  , or loop  , or a combination of the two. The abduction angle characterizes the angle of the finger in the palm's plane  , whereas the flexion angle corresponds to the folding of the finger in the plane perpendicular to the palm. The protein folding problem has a complication in that the way in which the protein folds depends on factors other than the purely geometrical con­ straints which govern the polygonal problems. Fold " flattens " tables by converting one row into multiple rows  , folding a set of columns together into one column and replicating the rest. One of these is the ability to narrow or broaden focus  , which readers of magazines accomplish by folding or reorienting the paper. In this work  , the attachment of fine muscles such as ligament  , interosseus  , lumbricalis  , and so on is not considered since it is very difficult to make it artificially. In addition  , the friction loss is very small due to no wire folding at each joint. Therefore  , there are no differences in drive characteristics hetween vertical and horizontal directions   , and so this new joint system provides smoother drive compared with the active universal joint described in our previous reports. Gates' vision of " robots in every home " includes a Roomba  , a laundry-folding robot  , and a mobile assistive robot within the home  , with security and lawn-mowing robots outside 1. A set of sufficient conditions for showing that a folding preserves violations of specifications expressed in propositional temporal logic are given in YouSS. They have applied this method to verify the correct sequencing of P  , V operations in an operating system. The revised taxonomy reveals that  , while both techniques employ some folding  , one folds the state space further to allow exhaustive enumeration of program behaviors  , and the other visits only a sample of the complete space of possible states. Folding-in refers to the problem of computing a representation for a document or query that was not contained in the original training collection. When the user releases the mouse from their dragging operation   , the selected action Firstname folding in this case is applied  , and any items that are now identical in name are moved next to one another. We have also applied C-PRM to several problems arising in computational Biology and Chemistry such as ligand binding and protein folding. Field studies of robots in educational facilities have used multiple Qrio humanoids along with the Rubi platform 2. In cooperation with BookCrossing   , we mailed all eligible users via the community mailing system  , asking them to participate in our online study. When the developer requests a feature to be hidden  , CIDE just leaves a marker to indicate hidden code. Consequently  , an action in the state-based model will correspond to multiple concrete-class events in the traces. – WSML Text Editor: Until recently ontology engineers using the WSMO paradigm would create there WSMO descriptions by hand in a text editor. The merging of these identical items does not occur at this point as there are cases where it makes sense to apply further transformation. In the case that the towel is originally held by a long side  , the table is used to spread out and regrasp the towel in the short side configuration  , from which point folding proceeds as if the short side had been held originally. Each finger but the thumb is assumed to be a planar manipulator. The pro­ posed method for graph folding is one of the solutions allowed by the general concept of state safety testing. Feet with folding components on either side which collapsed during retraction experienced a smaller pull out force than similar feet with collapsing components on the front and back. 19  Israel is deploying stationary robotic gun-sensor platforms along its borders with Gaza in automated kill zones  , equipped with fifty caliber machine guns and armored folding shields. In fact  , since a protein's sequence is static throughout the course of the simulation  , it is not possible to use a sequence-based representation in such settings. Major software vendors have exploited the Internet explosion  , integrating web-page creation features into their popular and commonly used products to increase their perceived relevance. Howard and Alexander 4 suggested that proper sequencing of critical operations in a program can be verified by folding the "state graph" of the program into a given "prototype." It is only recently  , for example  , that IBM announced plans to build the world's fastest supercomputer — Blue Gene — which will attempt to compute the three-dimensional folding of human protein molecules. On the other hand  , folding in other sources such as affiliation or the venue information are likely to yield more accurate rankings. For instance  , a paper published in JCDL might be treated as more indicative of expertise if the query topic is digital libraries than some other conference venues. The development of sensors that utilize self-folding manufacturing techniques and their integration into more complex structures is an important stepping stone in the path towards autonomously assembling machines and robots. Furthermore  , the orthogonality in the reduced k-dimensional basis for the column or row space of A depending on inserting terms or documents is corrupted causing deteriorating effects on the new representation. In this way  , we can represent a DTD or Schema structure as a set of parallel trees  , which closely resemble DTD/Schema syntax  , with links connecting some leaves with some roots  , in a graph-like manner. By using joints which can only fold in one direction  , theoretically  , feet would slap and stroke in a flat formation  , fold during retraction  , and avoid accidentally collapsing the cavity. Such a foot would in fact be more like the basilisk lizard than the standard flat circle used in the previous water runner studies. In that case  , the non-folding  , circular feet were unfairly punished in terms of lift due to the stationary nature of the test setup. Future test rigs may allow forward motion  , or may flow water past a stationary system to simulate forward movement of the water runner. Our main research question is " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " However  , note the empty big circles and squares representing the other short queries in the left and right corners of the simplex in figure 1a  , where the tempered EM could not help. In these techniques  , the state space is considerably simplified by comparison to actual program execution  , but may still be too large to exhaustively enumerat ,e. Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. jEdit's folding feature allows users to hide portions of text by collapsing them into single lines with a visual cue representing the fold and allowing users to expand it. More importantly  , the improvement of our system more and more depends on the details  , such as word segmentation  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , etc. The idea was to circulate electrically connected tiles around the structure and to manually short the circuit  , thereby changing reducing the resistance in steps four steps in this case. The proofs are constructive and give explicit finger placements and folding motions. Mounted midway in the water column  , the sensor scans horizontally such that the scene can be safely approximated as two dimensional. In particular  , while motion planning does have the ability to answer questions about the reacha­ bility of certain goal states from other states  , its primary ob­ jective is to in fact determine the motions required to reach the goal. Many widely used tests such as the Cube Comparisons test mental rotation  , Paper Folding test spatial visualization  , and Spatial Orientation test can be found in the Kit of Factor-Referenced Cognitive Tests ETS  , Princeton  , NJ 6. We disabled constant folding in LLVM because our test cases use concrete constants for the optimizations that use dataflow analyses as described in Section 4. We use the unstable branch of Z3 9  , which has better support for quantifiers  , for checking the constraints generated during cycle detection  , type checking  , and test-case generation. In this example the developer does not have access to information from previous tasks or other developers   , so a new concern is created in ConcernMapper. When no positional information is being recorded  , case folding or the removal of stop words would achieve only small savings  , since record-level inverted file entries for common words are represented very compactly in our coding methods. To simplify our experiments  , we dropped the document segments that were in the gold standard but were not in the ranked list of selected retrieved segments although we could have kept them by folding them into the LSA spaces. We provided the goal conformations heforehand  , and then searched in the roadmap for the minimum weight path connecting the extended amino acid chain to the final three­ dimensional structure. A finite supply of electrodes resulted in a relatively sparse set of data 87 samples and offers two distinct ways to analyze the data. The target edge is also identified in the image and the relative distance between the two edges is calculated. This could possibly involve using another layer of patterned SU-8 for the glue to eliminate the application by hand which risks glue in the flexure joints. It is difficult to characterize the acceleration of the incremental updates by a multiplicative factor  , as it is clearly a different shape than the standard curves. By folding constraints at join points and using memoization techniques for procedures  , we are able to successfully apply our approach to large software systems. However  , when in the collapsed state  , clicking the fold marker will only expand one level of folding i.e. Before the searches  , each participant filled out a questionnaire to determine age  , education  , gender and computer experience  , and two psychometric testslO  , a test of verbal fluency Controlled Associations  , test FA-1 and a test for structural visualization Paper Folding  , test VZ-2. The ability to extract names of organizations  , people  , locations  , dates and times i.e. " The end result will be the automated generation of the following descriptors for video: Speakers by folding in speaker recognition systems working from the audio to cluster speeches by the same person   , affording a natural and powerful way of smoothing the distributions. The capacitive contact sensor successfully detected the touch of a human finger and demonstrates the potential to measure applied force. However  , there are geometric constraints such as a minimum width of the links in order provide sufficient torque from the SMP to actuate self-folding of such devices. It is necessary to design a motion planning method in order to execute these elements. By choosing 'download' from the top-left menu see Figure 5  , the data of the formation are broadcast to the robots in the simulator and they begin re-arranging themselves to establish the new formation. gripper mechanism was developed as an endeffector because gripper mechanisms are used very often in laparoscopic surgery. Four experimental urban courses similar in difficulty were created from differently-sized boxes. Although this is a rather obvious result  , it may provide some insight into the more complicated case in which all the links are obstructed. The criteria for specifying similarity are often approximate and the desired output is usually an ordered list of results. None of the subjects had previously participated in any TREC experiment. Folding intermediates have been an active research area over the last few years. Since these types of actuators are activated by uniform external energy sources  , a sheet containing these actuators does not require an internal control system. Each edge in the original crease structure is thus mapped to a new crease structure capable of folding into the desired angle. As the folding angle approaches 180    , the density reaches its maximum value and the magnetic field increases for a given current. When a simultaneous pattern of movement is reversed the projected trajectories in the relevant phase planes fold over. Folding the overhand knot involves an operation to insert one of the links on the end through a triangle formed by other links  , which in this case has a limited size. The paper presents a new approach to modeling a ve­ hicle system that can be viewed as a further develop­ ment of predicate/transition Petri neLs  , in which the underlying graph is undirected and tokens have a di­ rection attribute. Recent advances in X-ray crystallography and NMR imaging have made it possible to elucidate the folded conformations of a rapidly increasing number of proteins  , However  , little is known today about the folding pathways that transform an extended string of amino acids into a compact and stable structure. This result is in agreement with 27 albeit we perform this comparison on a much higher number of datasets. Along non-heating portions  , the trace width was made as wide as possible under geometric constraints in order to minimize unwanted heating and deformation. In this case  , since the shoulder line was almost vertical and did not give any clues on the tangent direction of the part  , the direction of the grip coordinates determined from the model shape was used as it was. After baking  , we measured the fold angle of each self-folded actuator. Therefore  , we could study i the intermediate or transition states on the pathway  , and the order in which they are ob­ tained  , or Cii the formation order of secondary structures. So far It has only been possible to identifY approximate intermediate confoTI11ations for few proteins. On the other hand  , reciprocal election significantly outperforms the other methods in terms of variation of information  , a more general performance measure. For example   , an optimizer might include constant folding  , common subexpression elimination  , dead code elimination   , loop invariant code motion  , and inline expansion of procedure calls. The next steps will include the development of a folding mechanism for the wings and the integration of a terrestrial locomotion mode e.g. The goal of this step is to take the 2D crease structure and the fold angles of a mesh as input and generate a crease structure that will self-fold the desired angles. To characterize the fold angle as a function of the actuator geometry  , we built eight self-folding strips with gaps on the inner layer in the range of 0.25mm–2mm  , and baked them at 170  C. Each strip has three actuators with the identical gap dimensions. The lamp was fabricated in the same manner as the switch  , but with a different fold pattern and shape. Motion planning is a very challenging problem that involves complicated physical constraints and high-dimensional configuration spaces. The con­ figuration of the ligand in the binding site has low potential energy  , and so the usual PRM feasibility test collision is replaced by a test for low potential energy. Some common preferences include large clearance  , small rotation  , low curvature smoothness  , few sharp corners  , avoiding singularities for manipulators  , or low potential energies Tor ligand binding and protein folding see Table 2. Because of our multilingual reader population  , we are considering " folding " accented and nonaccented characters together in search queries. However when more and more data have to be added  , the error accumulates to undesirable proportions. In addition  , elliptical feet with the major axis aligned side to side experienced a much greater pull out force than a similar foot with major axis aligned front to back. All feet with directionally compliant flaps which collapse during retraction performed better than feet which in no way collapsed during retraction. On the other hand  , the participant with a losing hand would try to bet in a way that the other players would assume otherwise and raise the bet taking high risks. Code fragments are hidden if they do not belong to the selected feature set the developer has selected as relevant for a task. Quick navigation of traditional search engine results lets users overcome the inaccuracies inherent in automated search because user's can quickly check the links and choose those that match. Note that search engine operations such as stemming and case-folding may preclude highlighting by re-scanning the retrieved documents for the search terms. Indeed  , it can he argued that the PRM framework was instrumental in this broadening of the range of applicability of motion planning  , as many of these prohlems had never before heen considered candidates for automatic methods. Future work will attempt to quantify and maximize the capabilities of this technique  , in particular by testing new materials. However  , when positional information is added the inverted file entries for common words become dramatically larger. After the folding  , path T becomes undirected  , hence any of the remaining paths forms a cycle with END Note that in the case when two nodes are connected by more than one path  , it is sufficient to fold only one of them  , say path T   , for transforming the whole subgraph into a chained component. Therefore  , a poker player with a winning hand would try to bet carefully to keep the pot growing and at the same time keep the opponent from folding early. Although it is currently only used in a remote controlled manner  , an IDF division commander is quoted as saying " At least in the initial phases of deployment  , we're going to have to keep a man in the loop "   , implying the potential for more autonomous operations in the future. This system  , presented in detail in 9  , uses a two-jaw gripper with forceltorque sensing for handling flat textile material. Among the perspective-taking tests are the Perspective-Taking Ability PTA Test  , a computer-based test developed from the work described in 10  , and the Purdue Spatial Visualizations test: Visualization of Views PSVV  , a paper-and pencil test found in 8. Instead of folding the known answer into the query in cases like this  , we allow the question answering system's regular procedure to generate a set of candidate answers first  , and check them to be within some experimentally determined range of the answer the knowledge source provides. In particular  , obtaining the desired cloth configuration is a key element to the success of this task. 6 Similarly to the concerns raised in the context of external rewards and incentivisation 18  , gamification has been seen  , in some context  , to undermine intrinsic benefits by subjugating and trivialising contributions into simple game goals and achievements. Thus  , the key elements are terms w taken from a vocabulary V R of observed words in the literal values of RDF statements in R. To obtain realistic indices we apply common techniques from the field of Information Retrieval  , such as case folding and stemming. Figure 9shows the tape edge roughness for both the left and right sides of the tape  , indicating that the roughness on each side of the tape are generally similar to one another  , though in some cases the left side underneath the cutter is much rougher than the corresponding right side. As queries we assume single term queries  , which form the basis for more complex and combined queries in a typical Information Retrieval setting. Owing to its simple structure  , the diameter is successfully reduced to 10 mm  , which is sufficiently small for laparoscopic surgery. The edges of the perimeter of the material are extracted  , the folding edge is identified and its X ,Y ,Z co-ordinates in the robot's base co-ordinate system are calculated. Second  , in PRM applications  , it is usually considered sufficient to find any feasible path connecting the start and goal. This work investigates the effect of the following techniques in reducing HTML document size  , both individually and in combination:  general tidying-up of document  , removal of proprietary tags  , folding of whitespace; Because the HTML under consideration is automatically generated and fits the DTD  , the parser need not be able to handle incorrect HTML; it can be much less robust than the parsers used by web browsers. Limitations of this system are as follows: i Edge pick up results in fabric distortion during pick up  , ii Errors may result due to unpredictable behavior of material due to ambient and material dynamics  , and  , iii The weight of material and its stiffness and friction values play an important role in defining the trajectory during 'laying by dragging' and folding operations. Ultimately we used 92 bilingual aspects from 33 topics  , including 3 Chinese aspects that could only be used as training data for English aspect classification because each of them had only 4 segments. More generally  , the models provide insight regarding the effects of various design parameters on jump gliding performance -for example  , to explore the merits of a more complex wing folding mechanism that reduces drag at the expense of greater weight  , or to evaluate the improvement possible with a reduced body area. On this occasion we are interested in the author Schön  , Donald A. and—due to the nature of the errors that occur—this time we will need to combine a sequence of name folding Figure 6shows the sequence of transforms the user makes  , with Fig- ure 6ashowing the initial names produced by I-Share. Typical full-text indexing e.g. For the same mass  , we could use either a 30pm thick cantilever   , 1 mm wide  , with cross-sectional moment of Figure 6  , the 4 bar mechanism including box beam links and flexural joints can be fabricated by folding a sheet of photo-etched or laser cut stainless steel. In the robot conditi phic robot EDDIE  , LSR  , TU München were presen robot face developed to express emotions and thus atures relevant for emotional expressiveness big ey with additional animal-like characteristics folding omb on top of its head as well as lizard-like ears on es  , these features were not used: the robot had an invaria he comb and ears folded almost not visible. The output tree from the second phase is passed to the constant folding phase which replaces all identifiers and expressions that can be guaranteed to contain constant values with those values. The sensing structure consisted of  , from top to bottom  , an SMP layer  , a heating circuit layer  , two layers of paper  , and a sensing copper-clad polyimide layer which contained the loop where voltage was measured Fig. Moreover  , the fiction loss is very small due to the direct wire insertion from each unit to the ann  , which requires no wire folding  , and also the number of degrees of freedom can be easily increased thanks to the unit-type structure. Research interests in this problem have been further fueled by the insight that the robot motion planning problem shares much similarity with and can serve as a model of diverse physical geometry problems such as mechanical system disassembly  , computer animation  , protein folding  , ligand docking and surgery planning. The rst two factors have been selected as the ones with the highest probablity to generate the word ight"  , the last two factors have the highest probability to generate the word love". Indeed  , it can be argued that the P R M framework was instrumental in this broadening of the range of applicability of motion planning  , as many of these problems had never before been considered candidates for automatic methods. The s ,pecification of the optimizer example includes the definition of two tree types: initial representing the abstract syntax of the source language with no embedded attributes on any abstract syntax tree node  , and live representing the abstract syntax of the source language with live on exit facts embedded in do state- ments. Animation also ensures that the current state of the entity is being mapped  , which is an essential property for software evolution. Modern maps provide magnified inse$ zooming to show needed detail in small  , critical regions  , thus allowing the main map to be rendered at a smaller scale; they provide indexes of special entities e.g. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2 reviews the existing stateof-the-art technology in limp material handling. 0 Motion prediction. Several variants coexists; among them the Fourier Transform for discrete signals and the Fast Fourier Transform which is also for discrete signals but has a complexity of On · ln n instead of On 2  for the discrete Fourier Transform. This can be calculated in JavaScript. The Fourier coefficients are used as features for the classification. By applying the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT to the ZMP reference   , the ZMP equations can be solved in frequency domain. These feature vectors are used to train a SOM of music segments. Fast Fourier Transform FFT has been applied to get the Fourier transform for each short period of time. Most data visualizations  , or other uses of audio data begin by calculating a discrete Fourier transform by means of a Fast Fourier Transform. This section describes an important when there is an acceleration or deceleration  , the amplitude is greater than a threshold. The Fourier spectrum is normalized by the DC component  , i.e. We modeled FFTs in two steps which are considered separately by the database. In 10 the authors use the Fast Fourier Transform to solve the problem of pattern similarity search. 4shows the beating heart motion along z axis with its interpolation function and the frequency spectrum calculated from off-line fast fourier transform. The Fourier spectrum calculation is proportional to the square of the voltage input signal. First one  , we transform the data into Frequency domain utilizing the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , obtain the derivative using the Fourier spectral method  , and perform inverse FFT to find the derivative in real time domain. This is followed by a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT across the segments for a selected set of frequency spectra to obtain Fourier coefficients modeling the dynamics. The Servo thread is an interrupt service routine ISR which The windows are grouped in two sections: operator windows green softkeys and expert windows blue softkeys. Second one  , numerically calculate the derivative using the finite difference method. Since the temporal data from 'gentle interaction' trials were made of many blobs  , while temporal data from 'strong interaction' trials were mainly made of peaks  , we decided to focus on the Fourier spectrum also called frequency spectrum  which a would express these differences: for gentle interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for lower frequencies while for strong interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for higher frequencies. A fast-Fourier transform was performed on this signal in order to analyze the frequencies involved and the results can be seen in figure 12. The use of the fast Fourier transform and the necessity to iterate to obtain the required solution preclude this method from being used in real time control. Periodically  , the fast Fourier transform FFT yields a signal spectrum: But the bcst way is to determine TI and T2 directly in DSP from input data array xn. The impulse was effected by tapping on the finger with a light and stiff object. The first method is to take the fast Fourier transform FFT of the impulse response for Table 2: Characteristic frequencies for link 2 a given impulse command. Fast Fourier Transform. Each segment  , the entire interval when the sensor is in contact with the object  , is transferred to the frequency domain using Fast Fourier Transform. Since it is hard to pick up the signals during contact phase  , we cannot use the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT technique which converts the signal from time-domain to frequencydomain . As na¨ıvena¨ıve implementations that evaluate the KDE at every input point individually can be inefficient on large datasets  , implementations based on Fast Fourier Transformation FFT have been proposed. To ensure the FFT functioned appropriately  , the data was limited to a range which covered only an integer number of cycles. 1for an example spectrogram. Then the inverse FFT returns the resulted CoM trajectory into time domain. A Fast Fourier Transform FFT based method WiaS employed to compute the robot's C-space. In this method th'e C-space is respresented as the convolution of the robot and workspace bitmaps 19. We identify this noise elements by high frequency and low-power spectrum in the frequenc domain transformed by the fast Fourier transform YFFT. The signal detection operates on a power signal; a Fast Fourier Transform FFT is being done which trans­ forms the signal in time domain into frequency domain. We assume that the torque sensor output is composed of various harmonic waves whose frequencies are unknown. Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. It is often easier to recognize patterns in an audio signal when samples are converted to a frequency domain spectrogram using the Fast Fourier Transform FFT 3  , see Fig. The vibration modes of the flexible beam are identified by the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , and illustrated in Fig. For example  , our Space Physics application 14 requires the FFT Fast Fourier Transform to be applied on large vector windows and we use OS-Split and OS- Join to implement an FFT-specific stream partitioning strategy. The Discrete Cosine Transform DCT is a real valued version of Fast Fourier Transform FFT and transforms time domain signals into coefficients of frequency component. By exploiting a characteristic that high frequency components are generally less important than low frequency components  , DCT is widely used for data compression like JPEG or MPEG. Figure 2shows the impulse expressed as a change in the wavelength of light reflected by an FBG cell and its fast Fourier transform FFT. In an early attempt  , Anuta l  used cross-correlation to search for corresponding features between registered images; later he introduced the idea of using fast Fourier transform. Similar attempts   , using the sum of absolute differences  , were also reported in the early stages of research on this topic. The statistic behaviors for each indicator were determined computing the mean and standard deviation. The one-dimensional Fast Fourier Transform is then applied to this array. Step 2: Since the primary task is to maintain visibility of the target  , the acceptable observer locations are marked. After removing this noise data from the data  , the remaining elements are transformed into the time domain by using the inverse FFT. The resulting frequency spectra are plotted for pitch and roll in Fig. These features are usually generated based on mel-frequency cepstral coefficients MFCCs 7 by applying Fast Fourier transforms to the signal. The sharp pixel proportion is the fraction of all pixels that are sharp. To obtain features  , we calculated the power of the segment of 1 second following the term onset using the fast Fourier transform and applying log-transformation to normalize the signal. However  , it can still be used in open-loop control and other closed-loop control strategies. In 8  , it is shown that the Fast Fourier Transform can be used to efficiently obtain a C-space representation from the static obs1 ,acles and robot geornetry. To better understand the nature of the VelociRoACH oscillations as a function of the stride frequency  , we used Python 3 to compute the fast Fourier transform of each run  , first passed through a Hann window  , and then averaged across repeated trials. Used features. The twenty-tree indicators are : 2 indicators of instant energy  , 3 obtained by fast Fourier transform FFT  , 16 from the computation of mean power frequency MPF and  , others resulting from the energy spectrum of each component derived from the wavelet decomposition of the normalized EMG. The photographs are transformed from spatial domain to frequency domain by a Fast Fourier Transform  , and the pixels whose values surpass a threshold are considered as sharp pixels we use a threshold value of 2  , following 4. The used features are Root Mean Square RMS computed on time domain; Pitch computed using Fast Fourier Transform frequency domain; Pitch computed using Haar Discrete Wavelet Transform timefrequency domain; Flux frequency domain; RollOff frequency domain; Centroid frequency domain; Zero-crossing rate ZCR time domain. They use the Discrete Fourier Transform DFT to map a time sequence to the frequency domain  , drop all but the first few frequencies  , and then use the remaining ones to index the sequence using a R*-tree 3 structure. The softmax distribution has several important properties. For the second approach  , we applied the softmax action selection rules. After a document has been chosen it is removed from all rankings it occurs in and all softmax distributions are renormalized. cost function based on softmax function. The visible layer of the bottom-most RBM is character level replicated softmax layer as described in Section 4.2. A softmax regressor layer is connected to FC9 to output the label of input samples. Although it works well in a single dataset 9  , it will fail when thousands of locally unbalanced distance metrics are fused together. The CNN structure used in this paper is illustrated in Fig. The search logs used in this study consist of a list of querydocument pairs  , also known as clickthrough data. Thus the approximated objective function is: To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. In practice  , the probability of each action is evaluated using 12 and the highest-probability action is selected. The probability of observing the context word v given the pivot word w is defined by the softmax function: The learning goal is to maximize the ability of predicting context words for each pivot word in the corpus. PV-DBOW maps words and documents into low-dimension dense vectors. Under the bag-of-words assumption  , the generative probability of word w in document d is obtained through a softmax function over the vocabulary: Each document vector is trained to predict the words it contains. First  , the basic Skip-gram model is extended by inserting a softmax layer  , in order to add the word sentiment polarity. The probability of observing the central sentence s m ,t given the context sentences and the document is defined using the softmax function as given below. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. The fully connected hidden layer is and a softmax add about 40k parameters. CNNs are powerful classifiers due to their ability to automatically learn discriminative features from the input data. This is aimed at averting too long loops that would happen with simple greedy selection. To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. Similarly  , we define the probability of observing the document dm given the sentences present in it as follows. Sigmoid activation functions are used in the hidden layer and softmax in the output layer to ensure that outputs sum to one. While some approaches use special ranking loss layers 10  , we have extended the CNN architecture using a sigmoid layer instead of the softmax layer and a cross entropy loss function. Similar to 38  , we add an additional softmax layer upon the target language SAE that outputs the sentiment labels of the target language data. Then the labeled target language data in At are used to compute the backpropagated errors to tune the parameters in the target language SAE. We train the embeddings of the words in comments using skip-bigram model 10  with window size of 10 using hierarchical softmax training. For the embedding of comments we exploit the distributed memory model since it usually performs well for most tasks 8. For each leaf node  , there is a unique assigned path from the root which is encoded using binary digits. However  , directly optimizing the above objective function is impractical because the cost of computing the full softmax is proportional to the size of items |I|  , which is often extremely large. The bottom-most RBM of our model  , which models the input terms  , is character-level variant of the replicated softmax RSM model presented in 28  for documents . Furthermore  , millions of training images are needed to build a deep CNN model from scratch. In application the input of the NN is the topic distribution of the query question according to latent topic model of the existing questions  , represented by θ Q *   , and its output is an estimate of its distribution in the QA latent topic model  , θ QA * . We plan to investigate these methods in future work. Instead of evaluating every distinct word or document during each gradient step in order to compute the sums in equations 9 and 10  , hierarchical softmax uses two binary trees  , one with distinct documents as leaves and the other with distinct words as leaves. In sequence-to-sequence generation tasks  , an LSTM defines a distribution over outputs and sequentially predicts tokens using a softmax function. For each query  , traditional query expansion often selects expansion term by co-occurrence statistics. Section 4 describes query expansion with ontologies. In Table 2  , Query Expansion indicates whether query expansion is used. To extract features related to query expansion  , we first name the origin query offered by TREC'14 OriginQuery. Hashtag query expansion with association measure HFB2a. Three methods of query expansion were investigated: plurals and singular expansion; stemming; and synonym expansion. For the query expansion component  , we adopt twostage PRF query expansion with HS selection strategy. They found that posttranslation query expansion  , i.e. The query expansion module employs a wide range of query expansion methods that can not only enrich the query with useful term additions but also identify important query terms. This shows the limitation of the current expansion methods. Additionally  , in Table 4  , we see no marked difference between using query noise reduction with query expansion on the body of the documents only  , and using query noise reduction with query expansion on more document fields. Query expansion  , such as synonym expansion  , had shown promising results in medical literature search. The expansion terms are extracted from top 100 relevant documents according to the query logs. We investigate the following query expansion strategies: related terms only  , subsumption only  , full expansion. & %  '   , document expansion is beneficial for both short and terse queries  , but this advantage disappears as the level of query expansion increases.  Which ontological relationships are suitable for automatic query expansion; which for interactive query expansion ? For example  , based on the CNF query in Section 2.2  , the diagnosis method is given the keyword query sales tobacco children. Finally  , we propose a novel selective query expansion mechanism which helps in deciding whether to apply query expansion for a given query. Query expansion. We adopt three query expansion methods. Although the effect from adding more expansion terms to a query term diminishes  , for the query terms that do need expansion  , the effects of the expansion terms are typically additive  , the more the expansion the better the performance. Query Expansion. In this paper  , we are concerned with automatic query expansion.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. Automatic query expansion approaches AQE have been the focus of research efforts for many years. The query expansion method which uses implicit expansion concept is referred to as IEC. The composite effects of query expansion and query length suggest that WebX should be applied to short queries  , which contain less noise that can be exaggerated by Web expansion  , and non-WebX should be applied to longer queries  , which contain more information that query expansion methods can leverage. In this section  , we introduce several semantic expansion features on basis of query expansion and document expansion. 2 Performance improvement over the no expansion baseline is significant even when only including one expansion term for one query term. They made use of only individual terms for query expansion whereas we utilize keyphrases for query expansion. For query expansion  , we made use of the external documents linked by the URLs in the initial search results for query expansion. Parameterized query expansion generalizes and unifies several of the current state-of-the-art concept weighting and query expansion approaches. Our automatic query expansion included such techniques as noun phrase extraction  , acronym expansion  , synonym identification  , definition term extraction  , keyword extraction by overlapping sliding window  , and Web query expansion. Two types of expansions are obtained: concept expansion and term expansion. The query expansion methodology follows that query expansion is applied or not respectively. For query expansion  , besides the commonly used PRF  , we also made use of the search result from Google for query expansion. We also applied and evaluated advanced search options. Our third baseline is obtained by performing federated retrieval without query expansion BSNE. Without query expansion  , the difference between short and long queries is 0.0669. Therefore  , by performing query expansion using the MRF model  , we are able to study the dynamics between term dependence and query expansion. As expected  , query expansion is more useful for short queries  , and less useful for long queries. Without query expansion  , longer queries usually outperform the shorter queries Figure 7. Furthermore  , the investigator himself may intervene and edit the query directly. With query expansion  , however  , query length has opposite effect on WebX and non-WebX methods. Parameterized query expansion provides a flexible framework for modeling the importance of both explicit and latent query concepts. We first classify each query into different categories. In our experiments with R = 100  , on average WIKI. LINK only considered approximately 200 phrases for query expansion per query  , whereas using the top 10 documents from Wikipedia in PRF. WIKI considered approximately 9000 terms. al 29 considered acronym expansion. External sources for expansion terms  , i.e. The increase in performance without query expansion is substantial  , however  , the difference remains small after query expansion. Ruthven 25 used a range of query expansion terms from 1 to 15  , and found that providing the system with more query expansion terms did not necessarily improve retrieval performance. In addition to the official numbers obtained with query expansion using both BRF and PBRF  , the results for the 3 other configurations no query expansion  , query expansion with BRF and query expansion with PBRF are also provided. In monolingual IR  , Sparck Jones 21 proposed a query expansion technique which adds terms obtained from term clusters built based on co-occurrences of terms in the document collection. External expansion on a cleaner e.g. In the two short query results  , nttd8me is query expanded and nttd8m has no query expansion. In contrast to the Global method  , our first expansion strategy performs server-specific query expansion. This technique may be of independent interest for other applications of query expansion. Retraining the query expansion mechanism on the reduced queries could provide fairer grounds for comparing the effect of query noise reduction with query expansion. In addition  , other dictionaries were built to perform query expansion. The query types and expansion term categories are as follow. 3  , uses query-expansion the favor recent tweets. These previous studies suggested that query expansion based on term co-occurrences is unlikely to significantly improve performance 18. Excessive document expansion impairs performance as well. Query expansion can be performed either manually or automatically. During opinion retrieval task  , we are concerned with semi-automatic query expansion. Typically  , previous research has found that interactive query expansion i.e. Besides thesaurus based QE described in section 1 and 2  , we proposed a new statistical expansion approach called local co-occurrence based query expansion  , shown in section 3. these expansion terms for each selected query term  , the diagnostic expansion system forms an expansion query and does retrieval. For topic 78  , query expansion also reduces the variation due to restatement but the two expansion systems do this differently. Our results show that query expansion on Title and Description fields with appropriate weighting can yield better performance. In their approach  , only terms present in the summarized documents are considered for query expansion. Table 6shows the results for five query expansion iterations. Section 3 provides the details of our relation based query expansion technique. Since majority of the queries were short  , a query expansion module had to be designed. Furthermore  , terms are added even if a query expansion does not give good expansion terms. Assuming 2 seconds per query  , on average  , this translates into approximately 200 KB per hour for the LCA expansion. The collection dependent expansion strategy adds a fixed number of terms to each query within a test collection. Second  , English query expansion adds more than Chinese; apparently the benefit of a far larger corpus outweighs translation ambiguity. The temporal query-expansion approach also outperformed the recencybased query-expansion approach UNCRQE. We used word co-occurrence measure of Z-score to select the query expansion terms. More specifically  , we are concerned with query expansion in service to hashtag retrieval. We refer different combinations of such relations as the query expansion strategy. Query expansion on document surrogates has a better retrieval performance in terms of Top10 AP than query expansion on the raw documents. The three methods were synonym expansion  , relation expansion  , and predication expansion. Comparing the query expansion and document expansion for the tie-breaking  , the query expansion is even worse. Our recency-based query-expansion approach is a slight modification of the query-expansion method described in Massoudi et al. LCE is a robust query expansion model that provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies in query expansion. We then use term proximity information to calculate reliable importance weights for the expansion concepts. The first concerns which index files to use for the expansion  , and the second how to weight the query terms after the expansion stage. A more recent study by Navigli and Velardi examined the use of expansion terms derived from WordNet 10  , coming to the conclusion that the use of gloss words for query expansion achieved top scores for the precision@10 measure  , outmatching query expansion by synsets and hyperonyms  , for example. We incorporate a user-driven query expansion function. We incorporated all of our twitter modules with other necessary modules  , i.e. We examined query expansion by traditional successful techniques  , i.e. Previous query expansion techniques are based on bag of words models. We also experimented with proper nouns in query expansion. Query Expansion and MEDLINE. We think the reasons of the poor performance could be as follow. Most previous query expansion approaches focus on text  , mainly using unigram concepts. Figure 8shows the part of the configuration for Topic 78 produced by the systems with query expansion. Our system with query expansion using Wikipedia performs better than the one only with description. Section 5 evaluates five different stemming schemes and two query expansion methods.  query broadening: are measures of a term's discriminative power of use when broadening the search query ? Our work follows this strategy of a query expansion approach using an external collection as a resource of query expansion terms. Expansion terms from fully expanded queries are held back from the query to simulate the selective and partial expansion of query terms. For our Web-search-based query expansion  , the timestamp provided with the topics was utilized to simulate the live query expansion from the web described in Section 4. The recency-based query-expansion approach described in Section 3.2 scores candidate expansion terms based on their degree of co-occurrence with the original query-terms in recent tweets. For moderate query expansion e.g. Some groups found that query expansion worked well on this collection  , so we applied the " row expansion " technique described in last year's paper 10. In order to make the test simpler  , the following simplifications are made: 1 An expansion term is assumed to act on the query independently from other expansion terms; 2 Each expansion term is added into the query with equal weight -the weight w is set at 0.01 or -0.01. In concept expansion  , query concepts are recognized  , disambiguated  , if necessary and their synonyms are added. On the other hand  , some of the 2011 papers reported worse results from expansion. As shown in Figure  4  , we could see that first three query expansions which made use of external resources did not increase the performance of system  , compared with original query without any query expansion. Query expansion  , in gereral  , does make a positive contribution to the retrieval performance. Therefore query expansion may retrieve more documents or provide more evidence upon which to rank the documents than query replacement. Table 3depicts the results obtained by the LGD model with and without query removal across three query expansion models on the TRECMed 2011. Be different from the general query expansion  , here the recapitulative concepts were more focused on. Figure 4shows that for Topic 100  , query expansion is effective in the sense that it reduces the variation in system response due to query-to-query variation. For example  , the query expansion technology in the PubMed system will automatically add related MeSH terms to user's query. Our systems have several parameters. Documents are then retrieved based on the expanded query model. However  , in this paper we limit the expansion to individual terms. When the manual CNF query doesn't expand the selected query term  , no expansion term will be included in the final query. Query expansion involves adding new words and phrases to the existing search terms to generate an expanded query. Using these sets of expansion terms  , Magennis and Van Rijsbergen simulated a user selecting expansion terms over four iterations of query expansion. None of the previous work described in the next section systematically investigates the relationship between term reweightirtg and query expansion  , and most results for query expansion using the probabilistic model have been inconclusive. 4.4  , we tuned the number of concepts k for query expansion using training data. However  , this expansion produces a single semantic vector only. Wikipedia Topic-Entity Expansion Starting from top-15 documents ranked by our system  , we follow two query expansion steps: 1. Our second submission only uses Wikipedia for query expansion . In the automatic query expansion mode  , the expansion terms are added directly to each of the original query terms with the Boolean OR operator  , before the query is sent to the Lucene index. If we only consider this query subset  , mean average precision for the InL2 model is 0.2906 without query expansion  , and with our domainspecific query expansion a MAP of 0.2211  , a relative decrease of -23.9%. For a certain OriginQuery  , we use two strategies to extend it: 1 twitter corpus based query expansion and 2 web-based query expansion. This shows that query expansion is crucial for short queries as it is hard to extract word dependency information from the original query for RBS. In other words  , if we had access to an oracle that always provided us the best sub-query and best expansion set for a query  , we can obtain the indicated upper bound on performance. " This approach integrates IQE directly into query formulation  , giving help at a stage in the search when it can positively affect query quality  , and possibly supporting the development of improved expansion strategies by searchers. In both ICTWDSERUN3 and ICTWDSERUN4  , we use google search results as query expansion. For INQUERY sub-runs  , Arabic query expansion was just like English query expansion  , except the top 10 documents were retrieved from the Arabic corpus  , rather than the English corpus  , and 50 terms  , not 5  , were added to the query. This could be due to the fact that we have trained our query expansion mechanism on long queries before noise reduction  , but not on long queries after noise reduction. Table 2also presents the results of query structure experiments. Instead  , our query expansion method includes all expansion concepts in CE. We call this strategy " topic-oriented query expansion " . The resulting query aspects are kept as phrases for subsequent query expansion  , since phrases are reported to improve retrieval results when compared to single-word index- ing 14  , 15. We weight query terms at a ratio of 25:1 relative to the expansion terms. We were surprised to learn that both query expansion approaches resulted in lower MAP values. The parameterized query expansion method proposed in this paper addresses these limitations. Thus  , our query expansion was topic-independent. Synonym expansion combines existing information in the query and several external databases to derive lists of words which are similar to the query term. Moreover  , the " storm-related " - " weather-related " dichotomy also exists for these systems. Query expansion can be used to describe the user's information need more precisely e.g. We see that although the query expansion systems move points associated with some queries  , neither expansion system offers much reduction in the query-to-query scatter. The purpose of this run was to evaluate the impact of query expansion and query removal on the IR performance. Query expansion methods augment the query with terms that are extracted from interests/context of the user so that more personally relevant results can be retrieved. Our expansion procedure worked by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion. The effect of query expansion is influenced by the query length. After query expansion  , we used Natural Language Toolkit NLTK 3 to remove stop words and to perform stemming. We extract expansion concepts specific to each query from this lexicon for query expansion. Such words are more specific and more useful than the words in the original query for collection selection. Further implicit query expansion is achieved by inference rules  , and exploiting class hierarchies.  prisbm: Run with query expansion based on Google query expanding and manually term-weighting. Moreover  , Query Expansion technology is also employed in this run. In the following sections we elaborate on our query expansion strategies. It will be of interest to compare between the quality of our suggested technique and the quality of standard query expansion techniques. We used external medical literature corpus MEDLINE®  as a tagged knowledge source to acquire useful query expansion terms. The result of the synonym expansion would be added to the former result of query expansion by other means. Synonym expansion can increase the number of words in each query greatly  , depending on the query and the number of synonyms found. The proposed query expansion method based on a PRF model builds on language modeling frameworks a query likelihood model for IR. The expansion words do not change the underlying information need  , but make the expanded query more suitable for collection selection. The expansion words for this query are " greenhouse "   , " deforestation " and so forth. Automatic approaches to query expansion have been studied extensively in information retrieval IR.  Which ontological query expansion terms are most suitable for which type of query terms concept  , project  , person  , organization queries ? Besides  , the different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. Finally  , we aim to show the utility of combining query removal and query expansion for IR. However  , as the number of query terms increases  , the rates of improvement brought about by query expansion become significantly less. This is done so that all the topically-relevant documents are retrieved. Very few terms were added through the interactive query expansion facility. That variations can be generated after the search  , as a suggestion of related queries  , or before the search to offer higher quality coverage results. It is therefore not useful to make an expansion for this query. 3 describes query expansion with parameterized concept weights. While there has been significant amount of work on automated query expansion and query replacement  , we anticipate these enhancements to be integrated into the search engine. Query expansion aims to add a certain number of query-relevant terms to the original query in order to improve retrieval effectiveness. Our expansion procedure works by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion. Query expansion is a wellknown method in IR for improving retrieval performance. Third  , we may also suggest a third cause for the success of the query expansion methods: the relevance assessments themselves. Our experiment showed that short queries tend to benefit more from query expansion. Prioritization For All Queries means that documents containing phrases enclosed in phrase or mandatory operators in the original query or expanded queries are prioritized. An English query is first used to retrieve a set of documents from this collection. According to our experience in TREC 2009  , TREC 2010 and TREC 2011  , query expansion is effective to improve the result. Query expansion improves performance for all query lengths. Topic 100 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. Search Engine with interactive query expansion semi. Incorrect words aaect collection statistics and query expansion. For example  , results reported in column 2 row 2 selects 1 original query term of the highest idf for expansion  , and a maximum of 1 expansion term is included for the selected query term. Our conservative query expansion hurt us in this environment. Title-only with Query Expansion run Run name: JuruTitQE . Recommending useful entities e.g. Topic 78 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. Search Engine with automatic query expansion auto. Description-only with Query Expansion run Run name: JuruDesQE . We exploit the top-scored entities e.g. Our experiments focused on query expansion techniques using INQUERY. This finding was further reinforced in her follow-up study focusing on the differences between automatic query expansion and interactive query expansion 7. One argument in favour of AQE is that the system has access to more statistical information on the relative utility of expansion terms and can make better a better selection of which terms to add to the user's query. Automatic query expansion is more desirable in a deployed system  , but the uncertain quality of the expansion terms can confuse the evaluation. Both query expansion and document expansion of tiebreaking has the potential to improve the performance  , while document expansion seems more reliable than query expansion for tie-breaking. That was in contrary to the results we got using query expansion over 2011 and 2012 topics. The results are arranged along two dimensions of user effort  , the number of query terms selected for expansion  , and the maximum number of expansion terms to include for a selected query term. Term expansion is used to find expanded terms that are closely related to the original query terms  , while relation path expansion aims to extract additional relations between query and expanded terms. However  , previous query expansion methods have been limited in extracting expansion terms from a subset of documents  , but have not exploited the accumulated information on user interactions. Four experimental configurations are reported: baseline search base  , query expansion using BRF brf  , query expansion with parallel BRF pbrf and query expansion using both BRF and PBRF brf+pbrf. However  , these two dimensions of flexibility also make automatic formulation of CNF queries computationally challenging  , and makes manual creation of CNF queries tedious. Effective query expansion might depend on the topics of the queries as observed in Table 4. This indicates that the chosen features were able to accurately predict the AP for the expanded and unexpanded lists of each query. These results show that worthwhile improvements are possible from interactive query expansion in the restricted context represented by the Cranfield collection. It is assumed that experienced users of interactive query expansion would be able to reach this level of performance  , The 'experienced user' performance is compared with the performance of inexperienced interactive query expansion users in the same setting. However  , in the case of RDF and SPARQL  , view expansion is not possible since expansion requires query nesting   , a feature not currently supported by SPARQL. For topic 59  , query expansion does not recognize one equivalence in the query statements  , the equivalence between " storm-related " and " weather-related. " Compared to LSA or bag of word expansion  , CNF queries offer control over what query terms to expand the query term dimension and what expansion terms to use for a query term the expansion dimension. For example  , when doing retrieval from closed caption second row i n T able 10  , doing query expansion from print news yields an average precision of 0.5742  , whereas our conservative query expansion yields only 0.5390  , a noticeable drop. Moreover  , since we apply query expansion in all our submitted runs  , we also measure the above two correlation measures without query expansion  , in order to check how query expansion affects the effectiveness of our predictors. Accordingly   , in future work  , we intend to introduce additional types of concepts into the parameterized query expansion framework   , including multiple-term expansion concepts  , named entities  , and non-adjacent query term pairs. This suggests that our version of query expansion is indeed useful in improving the retrieval effectiveness of the search. In general  , QE interacts with query structure: with a large expansion strong query structures seem necessary  , but with a slight or no expansion weak structures perform well. It is obvious that high Recall levels can be reached with massive query expansion  , but automatic query expansion tends to deteriorate Precision as well  , so the challenge is to find stemming methods which improve Recall without a significant loss in Precision. Namely  , our tweet based language model for query expansion still does quite a bit better than our baseline and still appears to give some improvement over the initial query expansion run. We distinguish between the two versions in that one applies further query expansion for only those queries in which people's names occur 4 and the other applies for further query expansion for all queries 5 . In CF1 we highlighted the suggested query expansion terms shown in the context of snippets  , and put a checkbox next to each snippet. In twitter corpus based query expansion  , we first use TREC-API to get the top ranked tweet set. Automatic query expansion AQE occurs when the system selects appropriate terms for use in query expansion and automatically adds these terms to users' queries. The worst case is the query with Boolean structure with the narrower concepts expansion BOOL/En. In this paper  , we introduced a novel framework for query expansion with parameterized concept weighting. The improvement over the no expansion baseline becomes significant after expanding two query terms for the idf method  , and after only expanding one query term for predicted Pt | R. Similarly  , including more expansion terms along each column almost always improves retrieval  , except for the idf method in Table 1with only one query term selected for expansion. Our experimental evaluation is divided into three main parts: 1 extracting entity-synonym relationships from Wikipedia  , and improving time of synonyms using the NYT corpus  , 2 query expansion using time-independent synonyms  , and 3 query expansion using time-dependent synonyms. In this paper  , we introduce the query expansion and ranking methods used by the NICTA team at 2007 Genomics Track. The work presented here extends previous work by investigating the effectiveness of the system and users in suggesting terms for query expansion. Upper Bound " refers to the situation when the best sub-query and best expansion set was used for query reduction and expansion respectively. In order to effectively apply relation-based methods to short or ungrammatical queries  , we use the external resources such as the Web to extract additional terms and relations for query expansion. In this section  , we describe how the gene lexical variants section 2.2 and the domain knowledge section 2.3 are utilized for query expansion and how the query expansion is implemented in the IR model described in section 2.4. In a study of simulated interactive query expansion  , Ruthven 25 demonstrated that users are less likely than systems to select effective terms for query expansion. Under the relation based framework for passage retrieval  , dependency relation based path expansion can further bring about a 17.49% improvement in MRR over fuzzy matching RBS of relation matching without any query expansion. In practice  , an expansion term may act on the query in dependence with other terms  , and their weights may be different. The acronym-expansion checking function returns true if e is an expansion of a  , and false otherwise. Section 3 provides an overview of the MRF model and details our proposed latent concept expansion technique. We use this as our baseline text-based expansion model. The initial natural language topic statement is submitted to a standard retrieval engine via a Query Expansion Tool QET interface. 1 Including more expansion terms always improves performance  , even when only one original query term is selected for expansion. Our query expansion method is based on the probabilistic models described above. In TREC 2012 microblog track  , we explore the query expansion and document expansion approaches to tweet retrieval. Automatic query expansion does not increase recall  , but significantly increases precision. In addition  , they vary window sizes for matching queries but in our technique window sizes are determined by sentence lengths. For the 2014 TREC clinical track  , our research focuses on query expansion. As shown by the results  , compared with the results obtained without query expansion see Table 17  , the query expansion does improve retrieval performance  , if an appropriate setting is applied. saw that one of their query expansion methods hurt results for highly relevant tweets while a different method improved results for highly relevant tweets 7. Here  , we show how performance varies when the relation matching technique is reinforced by query expansion. The first method is heuristic query expansion  , and the second is based on random walks over UMLS. Table 1 shows the results of different query expansion methods on two TREC training datasets. The words expressing method or protocol such as method  , protocol  , approach  , and technique were collected in a dictionary  , which was used for query expansion in topics 100-109. Query Expansion  Link Crawling: run the query expansion module followed by the link crawling module. We experimented with using row expansion to indirectly expand the query in 2 of our Main Web Task submissions. Cengage Learning produces a number of medical reference encyclopedias. Therefore query expansion could be applied to symbols as it was done for keywords. Overall  , the two newly proposed models  , as well as the query expansion mechanism on fields are shown to be effective. When combining the expansion terms with the original query  , the combination weights are 2-fold cross-validated on the test set. The reason for this is a decrease in the score assigned to documents that include the original query terms but do not include the expansion terms. For tweet expansion  , we used relevance modelling based approach to expand tweets by topically and temporally similar tweets. The central problem of query expansion is how to select expansion terms. It is based on average precision at 10 recall points and shows the worst query structure and expansion combination  , and the best expansion of each query structure type. None of the three measures exhibit a strong correlation with performance improvement when using this expansion method. They found one of the query expansion failure reasons is the lack of relevant documents in the local collection. In the lamdarun05  , we extracted important terms from Wikipedia with diagnosis terms and added to query expansion. It might be important to find appropriate combination of terms for query expansion. 3. expansion based on all retrieved documents. The parameters were fixed for all the evaluation conditions at: b=0.86; and K=1.2 for the baseline run without query expansion  , and K=1.1 with query expansion. Following the Semantic Web vision 1   , more and more ontologically organized Semantic Web data is currently being produced. Examples of systems that employ query expansion include Dynix  , INNOPAC  , Silver Platter  , INSTRUCT and Muscat 8. In this section we propose and evaluate an approach that makes query expansion practical in a distributed searching environment. Searches were carried out using all cutoffs between O and 20  , 0 being no query expansion. So experienced users' interactive query expansion performance is simulated by the following method: Searches are therefore carried out using every combination of the cut-offs 0 ,3  , 6  , 10  , and 20  , over 4 query expansion iterations. And we picked the top-k documents in one topic and use them to produce the expansion words. Query expansion comes from two sources and used in different stages. The temporal query-expansion approach UNCTQE was the best performing across all metrics. W~ have not been able to achieve any significant improvements over non expansion. the expansion dimension. more than 3 query terms are selected for expansion. Fig.4shows an example of our query expansion result. The submitted runs both use different forms of MeSH based query expansion. Based on these studies  , we propose a query expansion framework such that the expansion models come from both event type and event related entities. We examined the effectiveness of our different query expansion strategies and tried to find reasonable configuration for each. For the named page queries  , besides linguistic expansion from stemming in the IS ABOUT predicate  , we did not do any query expansion. For the other two approaches  , we use the same query expansion and document expansion techniques. The procedure for our crowdsourced query expansion was as follows. In principle there can be miss/false drop effects on expansion sets. In all the comparisons  , our query expansion method which uses explicit expansion concept is denoted as EEC. Pre-translation expansion creates a stronger base for translation and improves precision. We take the top 10 Wikipedia articles  , extract 30 expansion terms and give the expansion query a weight of 0.5. In particular  , we explored query expansion and tweet expansion. First  , the traditional goal of query expansion has been to improve recall potentially at the expense of precision in a retrieval task. The results show that the performance of our simple query expansion approach is not as good as the provided baseline. Query Expansion: The microblog track organizers provided participants with the terms statistics for Tweets13 collection. This run constitutes our baseline for the runs applying the query expansion methodology. The different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. In our experiments  , the expansion terms are selected according to the query types. Besides the standard topical query expansion Topic QE  , we also give results of the weighted topical query expansion W. Topic QE. It did not show any improvement over the baseline  , and further it was significantly worse than the manual query expansion UMassBlog3. The documents are scanned for the expansion terms or term sequences  , and the number of occurrences is counted for every expansion. Our experiments show that query expansion can hurt robustness seriously while it improves the average precision. The properties used for performing the query expansion can be configured separately for each ontology. However   , it is a little surprising that the largest improvement in retrieval performance was found with simplest method of term selection and weighting for query expansion.  AQR can additionally " punish " relevant documents that do not include the terms selected for expansion. We hypothesise that if query expansion using the local collection i.e. It expands a query issued by a user with additional related terms  , called expansion terms  , so that more relevant documents can be retrieved. In the current implementation  , only noun phrases are considered for phrase recognition and expansion. To use this framework for query expansion  , we first choose an expansion graph H that encodes the latent concept structure we are interested in expanding the query using. It refers to selectively applying automatic query expansion AQE whenever predicted performance is above a certain threshold . From the aspect of topic understanding  , the Learning Query Expansion LQE model based on semi-machine learning method is designed. We thus regard the distance of an expansion term to the query term as a measure of relatedness. We then calculate an IPC score based on the expansion concepts in CE. To this end  , we constructed a domaindependent conceptual lexicon which can be used as an external resource for query expansion. In a series of experiments we highlighted the importance of semantic proximity between query expansion terms and the center of user attention. We first report the results of using query expansion in the collection selection stage only. When compared to other query expansion techniques 15  , 24   , our method is attractive because it does not require careful tuning of parameters. A graph-based query expansion would spread all resources associated with an activated instance which is suited for thesauri. The Local query expansion method can be formalized as follows. In the past query-expansion on web-results has been shown to be useful for ad retrieval2. Our results are supported in these Proceedings by Pirkola 23 . But the interactive query expansion users are not then involved in their own tasks. This was repeated for four iterations of query expansion  , thus retrieving a total of 100 documents for the search. We will consider this in future work  , our intention here is to investigate the general applicability of query expansion. This is also supported by the result that a topic-independent query expansion failed to improve search performances for some of the CSIs. We used information theoretic query expansion and focused on careful paremeter selection. We quickly switched to Google for query expansion and found that  , on average  , the top four results produced the most pertinent pages. A retrieved document can be either relevant or irrelevant wrt. Considering the measures of relevance precision and precision at 10 documents  , it can be observed from Figure 9that FVS outperforms all other query expansion methods. The only method we tested that did not use query-expansion UNCTP performed significantly worse than the others. We found that query expansion helped the performance of the baseline increase greatly. Query expansion is a technology to match additional documents by expanding the original search query. The question " What are the proper query expansion techniques for our framework ? " Query expansion has been shown to be very important in improving retrieval effectiveness in medical systems 6. We tentatively handled the query expansion by applying DM built in the step of indexing by Yatata. However  , most query expansion methods only introduce new terms and cannot be directly applied to relation matching. Starting from top-15 documents ranked by our system  , we follow two query expansion steps: 1. In this paper  , we present a novel unsupervised query expansion technique that utilizes keyphrases and Part of Speech POS phrase categorization. Among the various approaches  , automatic query expansion by using plain co-occurrence data is the simplest method. The effect of expansion on the top retrieved documents depends on ho~v good the expansion is. Automatic query expansion technique has been widely used in IR. Therefore   , the performance of query expansion can be improved by using a large external collection. The above expression is a simplified form of query expansion with a single term. Therefore  , we consider the following additional features: -co-occurrences of the expansion term with the original query terms; -proximity of the expansion terms to the query terms. An expanded query is formulated for each server using the documents sampled from that server. We hasten to point out that our methods are not committed to a specific query expansion approach. For instance  , Beaulieu 3 reported that both the explicit and implicit use of a thesaurus using interactive or automatic query expansion respectively can be beneficial. However  , it is necessary to add semantics to symbols so that they can be employed in a query expansion technique. Moreover  , the selective query expansion mechanism increases the early precision performance of the system. With some settings  , we outperform our best submitted runs. This is close to the figures obtained by relation matching methods without query expansion as listed in Table 1. In our ongoing experiments we are investigating both of these techniques  , however the experiments described here focus only on query expansion. At this stage  , we tried out expansion of Boolean Indri queries. The parallel collection is larger and more reliable than the test collection and should provide better expansion information  , both for terms and weights. Figures 3 and 4 summarize the results. The fundamental similarity between HCQF and automatic query expansion techniques is not hard to be discerned. So  , our query expansion was neither completely helpful nor completely harmful to Passage MAP. For the query expansion  , we use the top 5 most frequent terms of the summary already produced. The details will be presented in Section 4. RQ4: How does query expansion based on user-selected phrases affect retrieval performance ? In the rest of the experiments  , we always take query expansion into account in our suggestion ranking models. The effectiveness of our query feature expansion is compared with state-of-the-art word-based retrieval and expansion models. We found that query expansion techniques  , such as acronym expansion  , while improving 1-concept query retrieval performance  , have little effect on multiconcept queries. This indicates that even without considering language constructs in the question  , relation based query expansion can still perform better than cooccurrence based query expansion. A potential problem with query expansion is topic drift and the inclusion of non-informative terms from highly ranked documents. We then added query expansion  , internal structure  , document authority  , and multiple windows to the baseline  , respectively. It also allows introduction of expansion terms that are related to the query as a whole  , even if their relationship to any specific original query term is tenuous. Initially  , Team Three approached their module design with query expansion in mind. All query terms are expanded by their lexical affinities as extracted from the expanding Web page 3. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. This is evident b y the consistently better results from doing query expansion from the print news vs. doing conservative collection enrichment. Incidentally  , we start the discussion regarding related work with publication that had to do with query expansion. Based on these results query expansion was left out of the TREC-9 question-answering system. We propose a new query expansion mechanism  , which appropriately uses the various document fields available. The query expansion mechanism refines the DFR term weighting models by a uniform combination of evidence from the three fields. Therefore  , the selective query expansion mechanism provides a better early precision. Using query expansion is a popular method used in information retrieval. This helps to prune documents with low number of query and/or expansion terms. As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts. When compared to the relevance models retrieval RM doc   , which effectively performs query expansion  , the relatedtext is on par or only slightly better. Such exhaustive exploration of the sub-query space is infeasible in an operational environment. Based on a word-statistical retrieval system  , 11 used definitions and different types of thesaurus relationships for query expansion and a deteriorated performance was reported. It is interesting to note that effediveness continues to increase with the number of query expansion terms.  Presenting a proximity-based method for estimating the probability that a specific query expansion term is relevant to the query term. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. These weights are then used to re-rank documents in the list R. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. In this paper we examined the potential effectiveness of interactive query expansion. This also shows that personalized re-ranking of results and query expansion with concept lens label work well. Combining either of these two expansion methods with query translation augmented by phrasal translation and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance above 90% monolingual. We also experimented with several approaches to query and document expansion using UMLS. We set the description field as the expansion field  , and we also select 10 documents in the first retrieval results as the expansion source. It seems that current document expansion approach is still far from a perfect solution to tweet document modeling. Query expansion is a commonly used technique in search engines  , where the user input is usually vague. In this paper  , we present a query expansion technique that improves individual search by utilizing contextual information. In order to increase the recall of the set of retrieved passages  , we have experimented with three different query expansion techniques. Simply by adding one distinctive term to perform query expansion is not enough to find all relevant documents. For query expansion purposes  , we use a technique that generalizes Lavrenko's relevance models 4 to work with the useful term proximity features described in the previous section. BBN9MONO BBN9XLA BBN9XLB BBN9XLC 0.2888 0.3401 0.3326 0.3099 Table 3shows the impact of query expansion on cross-lingual retrieval performance. Table 2shows the effect of β-value on the performance of query expansion.  Which ontological relationships are most useful as query expansion terms for the field of educational research ? Its configuration determines which ontology relationships are used for the generation of query expansion terms. Based on our experience  , topic words often exist for an information need. The main contribution of this paper is devising a method for predicting whether expansion using noun phrases will improve the retrieval effectiveness of a query. Our work goes beyond this work by dropping the assumption that query and expansion terms are dependent. " Bhatia has adopted the latest idea to provide personalized query expansion based on a user profile represented by a dependence tree 3. van Rijsbergen suggests the use of the constructed dependence tree for query expansion. Query expansion can also be based on thesauri. It was always clear that any additional terms obtained by expansion would only be as good as the initial query terms. As yet no good heuristics for selecting query terms as candidates for expansion have been designed. So it is very interesting to compare the CLQS approach with the conventional query expansion approaches. Thus the use of external resources might be necessary for robust query expansion. Figure 1illustrates the general framework for relation based query expansion. Also  , query expansion in target language recovers the semantics loss by inspecting the rest well-translated terms. Second  , we describe a novel two-stage optimization technique for parameterized query expansion. A particular case of query expansion is when search terms are named entities i.e. Our results demonstrate that high weight terms are not always necessarily useful for query expansion. Thus  , for the following experiments  , we adopted the T+G pattern to perform query expansion. It is clear by now that domain-specific query expansion is beneficial for the effectiveness of our document retrieval system. However  , when we apply query expansion to GTT 1  , the MAP decreases  , but the recall increases slightly. The second source of information used in query expansion is UMLS Metathesaurus 2. The improved results suggest that the expanded terms produced by Google-set are helpful for query expansion. Many participants did some form of query expansion  , particularly by extracting terms from previously known relevant documents in the routing task. A passage importance score is given to each passage unit and extended terms are selected in LCA. Most reported that query expansion improved their results  , although Louvan et al. We investigate the effectiveness of query expansion by experiments and the results show that it is promising. Query expansion runs  , as our baselines  , outperform the median and mean of all 140 submissions. We used 25 top-ranked documents retrieved in the UWATbaseTD run for selecting query expansion units. Web query expansion WebX was the most effective method of all the query expansion methods. 4. jmignore: automatic run using language model with Jelinek-Mercer smoothing  , query expansion  , and full-text search. Query expansion was both automatic the top 6 expansion terms were automatically added to the query when the user requested more documents  , and interactive. No use was made of anchor text or any other query-independent additional information for the query expansion run; documents were ranked using only their full text. We will explain several groups of features below. The best automatic query expansion search for that topic  , using a cut-off of 2  , achieves 51 % precision. The lack of improvement by the inexperienced users suggests that interactive query expansion may be difficult to use well. In addition to automatic query expansion  , semi-automatic query expansion has also been studied Ekm 92  , Han 92  , Wad 88. In contrast to the approaches presented  , we use a similarity thesaurus Sch 92  as the basis of our query expansion . Researchers have also investigated users' ability to select good terms for query expansion 15  , 23  , 25. The terms that we elicited from users for query expansion improved retrieval performance in all cases.  That any document judged as relevant would have a positive effect on query expansion. The expansion terms are chosen from the topranked documents retrieved using the initial queries. In this section  , we assess the effect of increasing the number of expansion concepts. This technique provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies during expansion. 2 reports the enhancement on CLIR by post-translation expansion. Second  , we investigate the impact of the document expansion using external URLs. In the experiments  , to select useful expansion terms  , we use two heterogeneous resources. In this paper we proposed a robust query expansion technique called latent concept expansion. In this experiment  , we will only keep the good expansion terms for each query. The TREC datasets specified in Table 1were used for experiments. But different from query expansion  , query suggestion aims to suggest full queries that have been formulated by users so that the query integrity and coherence are preserved in the suggested queries. The results show that the performance of the expansion on tie-breaking could improve the performance. 15  extracted adjacent queries in sessions for query expansion and query substitution   , respectively. First  , query expansion seems to neutralize the effect of query length. looking for the synonyms of the query words. However  , the recency-based approach favors expansion terms from recent tweets and the temporal approach favors expansion terms from relevant busts in the recent or not-so-recent past. Type-1 terms are non-type-0 terms added to the query during query expansion. higher than expansion keys gave middle range results. Internally we use this information to compute a query expansion and translate it into a SPARQL 17 query. after query expansion. Query expansion occasionally hurts a query by adding bad terms. The results indicate that query expansion based on the expansion corpus can achieve significant improvement over the baselines. However  , two factors directly determine the end performance of diagnostic expansion  , 1 the effectiveness of term diagnosis  , and 2 the benefit from expansion. While many methods for expansion exist  , their application in FIR is largely unexplored. Ogilvie and Callan have proposed a global approach to query expansion for FIR 15. People have proposed many ways to formulate the query expansion problem. Expansion is followed by query translation. The Expand function returns a fuzzy set that results from performing the query followed by query expansion. Following the good results obtained by several groups using Web expansion in previous years  , we upgraded our system to benefit Web expansion using Answers.com search engine. To make this baseline strong  , both individual expansion terms and the expansion term set can be weighted. The last three years of Microblog track papers have shown substantial  , consistent  , and significant improvements in retrieval effectiveness from the use of expansion. Plural and singulars were added using lexical-based heuristics to determine the plural form of a singular term and viceversa . However  , the computational expense and availability of comparable expansion collections should be considered. In this setting we extract proximity information from the documents inside R for computing the importance weights associated with the expansion terms. Table 8we show the percentage of the good expansion terms  , as classified in section 5.3.1  , which were chosen by each subject as being possibly useful for query expansion. Three types of query expansion are discussed in literature: manual  , automatic  , and interactive i.e. Studies of expansion technologies have been performed on three levels: efficient query expansion based on thesaurus and statistics  , replacement-based document expansion  , and term-expansion-related duplication elimination strategy based on overlapping measurement. It outperforms bag of word expansion given the same set of high quality expansion terms. Therefore  , an expansion term which occurs at a position close to many query terms will receive high query relatedness and thus will obtain a higher importance weight. Interactive query expansion is basically the same as the aforementioned term suggestion  , but it appears to have been replaced by query suggestion during the last decade. The retrieval module produces multiple result sets from using different query formulations. This way  , we can tweak the level of expansion by gradually including more expansion terms from the lists of expansion terms  , and answer how much expansion is needed for optimal performance. Query expansion may contribute to weight linked shared concepts  , thus improving the document provider's understanding of the query. The unstructured bag of word expansion typically needs balanced expansion of most query terms to achieve a reliable performance. The expansion parameters are set to 10 ,80 for all expansion methods  , where 10 is the number of top-retrieval documents and 80 is the number of expansion terms. The main theme in our participation in this year's HARD track was experimentation with the effect of lexical cohesion on document retrieval. We have experimented with two approaches to the selection of query expansion terms based on lexical cohesion: 1 by selecting query expansion terms that form lexical links between the distinct original query terms in the document section 1.1; and 2 by identifying lexical chains in the document and selecting query expansion terms from the strongest lexical chains section 1.2. share a larger number of words than unrelated segments. During our developement work we investigated the impact of various system parameters on the IR results including: the transcriber speed  , the epoch of the texts used for query expansion   , the query expansion term weighting strategy  , the query length  , and the use of non-lexical information. Terms from the top ten documents were ranked using the same expansion score used in the post-hoc English expansion. The parameters used for the TREC-8 experiments were as follows. WordNet synsets are used for query expansion. This serves as our baseline for query expansion. note on efficiency. Effectiveness of query removal for IR. Our final set of experiments investigated query expansion  , that is  , augmenting topics with additional query terms. Researchers have frequently used co-occurring tags to enhance the source query 4  , 5. Section 5 outlines the test data. Query expansion is applied for all the runs. remains unsolved. Systems return docids for document search. Search Engine with interactive query expansion and with advance search options semi+. The sample query is following: Thus  , synonyms are also included in this expansion. 35 proposed a solution for efficient query expansion for advertisement search. QEWeb: Query expansion using the web was applied as discussed in pervious section. Type-2 terms are non-type-0 terms in the original query. Second  , query similarity can be used for performing query expansion. For the intersection approach  , the performance is also lower compared to Wikipedia expansion. On the training set  , extensions of tiebreaking outperform the basic framework of tie-breaking  , and the performances are comparable with the traditional retrieval method with query expansion and document expansion. For this set of queries  , it is interesting that the query expansion reduced the gap in cross-lingual performance between short and long queries from 25% relative without expansion to only 5% relative. The weight of the expansion terms are set so that their total weight is equal to the total weight of the original query  , thus reducing the effect of concept drift. The higher variance of the document expansion run compared to a run without expansion cmuPrfPhr vs. cmuPrf- PhrE also differs from the findings from the 2011 query set  , where document expansion was seen to reduce query performance variance from the baseline and when combined with PRF. It is notable that the subsumption reasoning and indexing strategy actually performs only equally good compared to the baseline approach when no additional query expansion is used. Vector representation via query expansion. 3 exploit lexical knowledge  , query expansion uses taxonomies e.g. During this evaluation campaign  , we also proposed a domain-specific query expansion. Multiply translations act as the query expansion. Query expansion was applied to just the topic type. Average precision values are given in table 7. Search Engine with automatic query expansion and with advance search options: auto+. Therefore query expansion can help to increase performance. There are two types of BRF-based query expansion. Recently  , 28 use Wordnet for query expansion and report negative results.  Google∼Web: Google search on the entire Web with query expansion. Semantic annotation of queries using DBpedia. use Wikipedia for query expansion more directly.  Automatic building of terminological hierarchies. First  , we propose a specific query expansion method. the original query. A query is optimal if it ranks all relevant documents on top of those non-relevant. Using query expansion method  , recall has been greatly improved. Proper nouns in a query are important than any other query terms for they seem to carry more information. We would like the user to control what terms to be ultimately used to expand his/her query. More specifically  , we enumerated all queries that could be expanded from the considered query. Compared to the baseline without query expansion  , all expansion techniques significantly improved the result quality in terms of precision@10 and MAP. We performed some experiments to see how the retrieval performance varied as a function of these two parameters. We strongly recommend the use of pre-translation expansion when dictionary-or corpus-based query translation is performed; in some instances this expansion can treble performance. Expansion terms extracted from these external resources are often general terms. Note that PPRF and PRF does not achieve improvement over the baseline  , but a fair comparison is to compare the retrieval effectiveness after query expansion with the retrieval effectiveness before query expansion. Inspired by work on combining multiple  , mainly booleanbased   , query representations 3  , we propose a new approach Thus  , recent research on improving the robustness of expansion methods has focused on either predicting whether a given expansion will be more effective for retrieval than the original query 2  , 7  , or on improving the performance robustness of specific expansion methods 10  , 13. Google has patents 15 using query logs to identify possible synonyms for query terms in the context of the query. The purpose of this research is to decide on a query-by-query basis if query expansion should be used. Query expansion is a method for semantic disambiguation on query issuing phase. the time needed for its evaluation  , becomes larger. Extract a set of query words from the question  , and apply semantic expansion to them. How can query expansion be appropriately performed for this task ? 24  studied query expansion based on classical probabilistic model. The procedure works as follows: We performed query expansion experiments on ad hoc retrieval. It actually provided correct answers for some short queries. This paper is organized as follows. Finally  , the user interacts with the results. The USC of Suffixing to Produce Term Variants for Query Expansion Window 2 3. First  , we describe a novel parameterized query expansion model. Techniques for efficient query expansion. 28 use Wordnet for query expansion and report negative results. For the document expansion component  , we employ both LocCtxt document model and ExRes document model based on the observation that the two document models behave differently on different topic sets. All our official runs were evaluated by trec eval as they were baselines  , because we updated the final ranks but not the final topical-opinion scores. 4 Query expansion vs. none for Essie  , rather than completely avoiding query expansion that could be achieved by requiring exact string match  , we chose term expansion that allows term normalization to the base form in the Specialist Lexicon and might be viewed as an equivalent to stemming in Lucene. These diagnostic expansion queries are partial expansions simulated using the fully expanded queries created by real users. Thus  , the expansion independence assumption of Section 4.1 is more likely to be violated by the ISJ queries than by the Legal ones. All such topics where a query term without expansion terms is selected are annotated with diamond shaped borders in the plot. Wrong expansion terms are avoided by designing a weighting term method in which the weight o f expansion terms not only depends on all query terms  , but also on similarity measures in all types of thesaurus. Query expansion in source language reserves the room for untranslated terms by including relevant terms in advance. In a simulated study carried out in 18  , the author compares the retrieval performance of interactive query expansion and automatic query expansion with a simulated study  , and suggests that the potential benefits of the former can be hard to achieve. Query expansion increases the accuracy up to 0.16 76% in terms of MAP when full expansion reasoning and indexing strategy is used. Multilingual Query Expansion: Medical care is a multicultural and multilingual environment. Also query expansion may use only terms from recent documents in relatively dynamic collections. 1 indicates that VSM with query expansion is obviously the worst method. It remains unchanged. 25 proposed a heap-based method for query expansion. Our results on query expansion using the N P L data are disappointing. $5.00 through query expansion by using a grammatically-based automatically constructed thesaurus. Two different approaches are compared. Our experiments are discussed in Section 4. We also experimented with using these selected terms for query expansion. Section 5 explains the experimental results for our run. Section 4 is the result discussion. We further apply query expansion for multilingual representations . In a real interactive situation users may be shown more terms than this. As follows from Table 7  , for all the three settings of our experiments  , selective query expansion achieved statistically significant improvement in terms of MAP over automatic query expansion using expansion on all queries. Controlling to include only the first few expansion terms of a query term simulates and measures a user's expansion effort for that query term. As 1 mentioned  , collection enrichment is a good strategy to improve the retrieval performances of difficult topics. From the results  , it is clear that the tie breaking method could out perform the traditional retrieval even apply the query expansion method i.e. For synonym identification  , we integrated a sense disambiguation module into WIDIT's synset identification module so that best synonym set can be selected according to the term context. Given a query  , a large number of candidate expansion terms words or phrases will be chosen to convey users' information needs. Since the performance of these methods is directly determined by the effectiveness of the kernel function used to estimate the propagated query relatedness probabilities for the expansion concepts  , we first need to compare three different proximity-based kernel functions to see which one performs the best. If words are added to a query using relevant documents retrieved from a database of automatically transcribed audio   , then there is the danger that the query expansion may include recognition errors 14 . For the Prior Art task  , we use term frequency method  , tf/idf method to generate our query  , and also employ the retrieval model used in TS task to execute our experiments. This additional level of indirection results in a more diverse set of expansion terms  , although it may also result in noisy or spurious expansion features  , as well. To overcome the above problems  , researchers have focused on using query expansion techniques to help users formulate a better query. This result was ANDed with a query expansion of a "gene and experiment" query synonyms of the word gene and experiment also appear in this query. Finally  , we observe that removing noise from the index slightly damages MAP. Information retrieval in biomedical and chemistry domains is challenging due to the presence of diverse denominations of concepts in the literature. From the query and retrieval point of view  , different query formulation strategies such as the manual query expansion and automatic query expansion also referred as semantic search have been systematically performed and evaluated. In other words  , the original query can be regard as a point in the semantic space  , and the goal of query expansion is to select some additional terms  , which have the closest meaning to the point. Our system combines both historical query logs and the library catalog to create a thesaurus-based query expansion that correlates query terms with document terms. Indeed  , there are many queries for which state-of-the-art PF expansion methods yield retrieval performance that is substantially inferior to that of using the original query with no expansion — the performance robustness problem 2  , 7. So in the end  , we choose the first 10 words ranking in tf*idf retrieval lists besides original words of query itself as the query expansion. For the Technology Survey task  , we use phrase expansion method and query expansion method to generate our query  , and use Query-likelihood model  , DFR model and D-smoothing method to do retrieve. In our initial cross-language experiments we therefore tested different values for the parameter r. Note that r is set once for a given run and does not vary from query to query. This result is consistent with previous work 24  , and demonstrates the positive effect of query expansion  , even when multiple query concept types are used. The query expansion is performed by integrating the keyword-based query context into DFR-based sequential dependence model where concepts are presented as keywords rather than CUIs. We hope query expansion will provide some so-called topic words for a query and also increase the mutual disambiguation of common query words. Term expansion does considerably reduce the space required for an n-gram database used for query evaluation. Our query expansion technique adds to a given query terms which are highly similar  , in terms of statistical distribution  , to all of the terms in the query. Therefore   , we restrict RuralCafe to user-driven query expansion by suggesting related popular terms for each query. Suppose the user is willing to invest some extra time for each query  , how much effort is needed to improve the initial query in expansion effort  , how many query terms need to be expanded  , and how many expansion terms per query term are needed ? When is the best performance achieved ? Table 1shows the most important explicit query concepts i.e. In contrast  , in this paper we propose a novel parameterized query expansion model that applies parameterized concept weighting to both the explicit and the latent query concepts. We performed the third run in order to compare our query expansion to manual query expansion because including terms in the description as query terms can simulate an effect of manual query expan- sion. We also noticed an interesting observation in query expansion for 2013 topics; results with a low number of expansion tweets were the best  , while increasing the number of expansion tweets resulted in a decrease in P@30 as represented in Figure 2. This is a standard method of assessing the performance of a query expansion technique based on relevance information  , 3 We only use the top 15 expansion terms for query expansion as this is a computationally intensive method of creating possible queries. Our Web-based query expansion QE consists of the Wikipedia QE module  , which extracts terms from Wikipedia articles and Wikipedia Thesaurus  , and the Google QE module  , which extends the PIRC approach that harvests expansion terms from Google search results Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. Based on these simplifications  , we measure the performance change due to the expansion term e by the ratio: In order to make the test simpler  , we make the following simplifications: 1 Each expansion term is assumed to act on the query independently from other expansion terms; 2 Each expansion term is added into the query with equal weight λit is set at 0.01 or -0.01. Thus  , recent research on improving the robustness of expansion methods has focused on either predicting whether a given expansion will be more effective for retrieval than the original query 2  , 7  , or on improving the performance robustness of specific expansion methods 10  , 13. For each query expansion method  , we experimented with various setting of expansion parameters  , primarily including n and k  , where n is the number of top retrieved documents and k is the number of expansion terms. Finally  , we will present details on how we train our relation language model for query expansion. As shown in Table 1  , we have considered several means by which a FIR system could make use of query expansion: choosing expansion terms based on each collection separately local expansion and sending individual expanded queries to each collection focused querying using sampled documents. Since our focus is on diagnosis  , not query expansion  , one of the most important confounding factors is the quality of the expansion terms  , which we leave out of the evaluation by using a fixed set of high quality expansion terms from manual CNF queries to simulate an expert user doing manual expansion. The run QCRI4 was obtained by retrieving the tweets using the combination of two sets of expansion terms which resulted from the corresponding query expansion schemes  , while the other three runs were conducted using the expanded queries which resulted from PRF only and did not use any external information. Thesaurus expansion was found to improve recall significantly at some lesser cost in precision. Ruthven 3 compared the relative effectiveness of interactive query expansion and automatic query expansion and found that users were less likely than systems to select effective terms for query expansion. The amount of query expansion for the SK case was thus chosen to be less than that used for the SU case because of the interaction between the query and document expansion devices. Taking a more detailed look at the effect of certain thesaurus relationships on the effectiveness of query expansion  , Greenberg determined that synonyms and narrower terms are well suited for automatic query expansion  , because they " increased relative recall with a decline in precision that was not statistically significant " 6 . Besides  , two issues have been studied: finding key information in topics  , and dynamic result selection. A key idea of our term ranking approach is that one can generalize the knowledge of expansion terms from the past candidate ones to predict effective expansion terms for the novel queries. The subjects varied in their ability to identify good expansion terms  , being able to identify 32% -73% of the good expansion terms. Unlike in 2011  , the run without stopwords cmuPrfPhrENo did slightly better on average than the equivalent run including stopwords cmuPrfPhrE in the 2012 query set. Last  , we want to point out the UDInfoMB is a strong baseline to beat as it involve both the query expansion and document expansion at the same time  , while the tie breaking method only utilize one of these two. For example  , when the term " disaster " in the query " transportation tunnel disaster " is expanded into " fire "   , " earthquake "   , " flood "   , etc. Unlike many common retrieval models that use unsupervised concept weighting based on a single global statistic  , parameterized query expansion leverages a number of publicly available sources such as Wikipedia and a large collection of web n-grams  , to achieve a more accurate concept importance weighting. Our main research focus this year was on the use of phrases or multi-word units in query expansion. Two main research questions were studied in these experiments: -Whether nominal MWUs which exhibit strong degree of stability in the corpus are better candidates for interactive query expansion than nominal MWUs selected by the frequency parameters of the individual terms they contain; -Whether nominal MWUs are better candidates for interactive query expansion than single terms. All expansion has been performed via the Query Expansion Tool interface QET which allows the user to view only the summaries of top retrieved documents  , and select or deselect them for topic expansion. By default  , summaries of all top 30 documents were used for expansion unless the user manually deselected some this was precisely the only form of manual intervention allowed. Expansion terms are then grouped and combined with the original query for retrieval. Some results of bag of word retrieval at low selection levels  , i.e. An interesting study by Billerbeck and Zobel 5  demonstrates that document-side expansion is inferior to query-side expansion when the documents are long. This result indicates that the level of improvement in SDR due to query expansion can be significant  , but is heavily dependent on the selected expansion terms. The four methods examined are no use of expansion  , pre-translation expansion only  , post-translation only  , and the use of both pre-and post-translation expansion. Using all terms for query expansion was significantly better than using only the terms immediately surrounding the user's query Document/Query Representation  , All Words vs. Near Query. Another method called query expansion expands the query terms with similar keywords for refining search results and guessing the user's query intents 2  , 11  , 27  , 28. Query segmentation divides a query into semantically meaningful sub-units 17  , 18. First  , unlike most other query expansion techniques  , we use key phrases as the basic unit for our query term. Indri structure query language model 3 is used in our two interactive runs DUTgen1 and DUTgen2. We tested the effectiveness of a new weighted Query Expansion approach. Query expansion technology is used to modify the initial query. Figure 1a illustrates query translation without expansion. The first was query expansion – where additional terms were added to the query itself. The key problem of query expansion is to compute the similarities between terms and the original query. Thus  , query expansion technique to expand the base query was not very helpful. However  , this improvement of recall comes at the expense of reducing the precision. The second query also uses a different set of expansion keywords usually fewer. This work uses fully automatic query expansion. Table 3lists the percentages for query types for CSIs. This approach outperforms many other query expansion techniques. B+R means ranking document with AND condition of every non-stopword in a query. Each correct conflation is a possibility for retrieving documents with textual occurrences different from the query. As introduced in Section 5.3.3  , our system implements a user recommendation functionality through a query expansion mechanism. Many automatic query expansion techniques have been proposed. In this article  , we presented a novel method for automatic query expansion based on query logs. As shown in section 4  , there are many different similarity measures available. We only utilize query expansion from internal dataset and proximity search. FASILKOM03 This run uses phrase query identification  , query expansion from internal dataset  , customized scoring function without RT value added  , proximity search  , keywords weighting  , and language detection. Section 4 illustrates our semantic matching model based on conceptual query and document indexing using UMLS. Both systems first expand the query terms of each interest profile. It incorporates user context to make an expanded query more relevant. The selected terms contained no original query term. Path finding and sub-paths in breadth-first search 3. Neither pattern is a true depth-first or breadthfirst search pattern. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. Here we use breadth-first search. 6  holds the objects during the breadth-first search. In practice  , forward selection procedures can be seen as a breadth-first search. In the mathematical literature  , breadth first search Is typically preferred. and search the other subranges breadth-first. for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. The greedy pattern represents the depth-first behavior  , and the breadth-like pattern aims to capture the breadth-first search behaviors.   , vn−1}  , where the indices are consistent with a breadth-first numbering produced by a breadth-first search starting at node v0 1 see Section 3.4.1 for a formal definition. The depth-first search instead of the breadth-first search is used because many previous studies strongly suggest that a depth-first search with appropriate pseudo-projection techniques often achieves a better performance than a breadth-first search when mining large databases. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. We first conduct a breadth-first or depth-first search on the graph. However  , best-first search also has some problems. We compute the discrete plan as a tree using the breadth first search. Tabels 1 and 2 show that the breadth first search is exhaustive it finds solutions with one step fewer re- grasps. This will not always be feasible in larger domains  , and intelligent search heuristics will be needed. This amounts to a breadth first search of the frequent itemsets on a lattice. CLOSET 11 and CLOSET+ 16 adopt a depth-first  , feature enumeration strategy. We restrict the training pages to the first k pages when traversing the website using breadth first search. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. This simple method worked out well in our experiments. ; the maximal number of states between the initial state and another state when traversing the TS in breadth-first search BFS height; the number of transitions starting from a state and ending in another state with a lower level when traversing the TS in breadth-first search Back lvl tr. The resulting path will have the minimum nilinher of turns i n it by definition of breadth-first search. During our previous experiments 13  , a bidirectional breadth first search proved to be the most efficient method in practice for finding all simple paths up to certain hop limit. The breadth-first search weighted by its distance from the reference keyframe is performed  , and the visited keyframes are registered in the temporary global coordinate system. The objects in UpdSeedD ,l are not directly density-reachable from each other. Johnson generalized it to other surface representations  , including NURBS  , by using a breadth-first search 9. Since coverage tends to increase with sequence length  , the DFS strategy likely finds a higher coverage sequence faster than the breadth-first search BFS. This is done by recursively firing co-author search tactics. Then  , we navigate in a breadth-first search manner through this classification. Two cases have to be distinguished. Starting from a random public user  , we iteratively built a mutual graph of users in a Breadth First Search BFS manner. b Matched loop segments will be included in LBA as breadth-first search will active the keyframes. Then we do breadth first search from the virtual node. The CWB searches for subject keywords through a breadth-first search of the tree structure. It downloads multiple pages typically 500 in parallel. This is done by querying DBpedia's SPARQL endpoint for concepts that have a relation with the given concept. Therefore Lye have the following result. We generate plans that minimize worst-case length by breadth-first AND/OR search Akella  11. Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. For each node visited do the following. We augmented this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method. For parts with different push functions  , a breadth-first search planner can be used to find a sensorless plan when one exists. In a breadth-first search approach the arrangement enumeration tree is explored in a top-bottom manner  , i.e. Each of the initial seed SteamIDs was pushed onto an Amazon Simple Queue Service SQS queue. Stopping criterion. We augment this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method to identify the expanded dataset. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. Moreover  , breadth first search will find a shortest path  , whereas depth first makes no guarantees about the length of the counter example it will find. In Section 3.6.1  , we show that breadthfirst search appears to be more efficient than depth-first search. If a crawl is started from a single seed  , then the order in which pages will be crawled tends to be similar to a breadth first search through the link graph 27 the crawl seldom follows pure breadth first order due to crawler requirements to obey politeness and robots restrictions . Although breadth-first search crawling seems to be a very natural crawling strategy  , not all of the crawlers we are familiar with employ it. The experiments reported used a breadth first search till maximum depth 3 using the words falling in the synsets category. We believe that crawling in breadthfirst search order provides the better tradeoff. ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig. When looking at search result behaviour more broadly we see that what browsing does occur occurs within the first page of results. If all words in a title or subtitle are search keywords  , too many subject keywords will be generated. We have introduced a set of effective pruning properties and a breadth-first search strategy  , StatApriori  , which implements them. In the first iteration  , only the reported invocations are considered  , starting with the most suspicious one working down to the least. These strategies typically optimize properties such as " deeper paths " in depth-first search  , " less-traveled paths " 35  , " number of new instructions covered " in breadth-first search  , or " paths specified by the programmer " 39. The differences between all strategies breadth-first  , random search  , and Pex's default search strategy were negligible. This Figure 4: Use of case inheritance search travels upwards in the hierarchy  , i.e. DFS may take very long to execute if it does not traverse the search space in the right direction. This list is used by the predictor to perform a breadth first search of the possible concepts representing the input text. We perform the pose graph optimization first  , to make all poses metric consistent. It is in fact a similar hybrid reasoning engine which is a combination of forward reasoning breadth-first and backward reasoning depth-first search. During prediction  , we explore multiple paths  , depending on the prediction of the MetaLabeler  , using either depth-first or breadth-first search. A second dimension entails elaborating on line 3. Surprisingly  , they did not find any significant variation in the way users examine search results on large and small displays. Because the expansion is breadth first  , the optimal trajectory will he the first one encountered that meets the desired uncertainty. Since large main memory size is available in Gigabytes  , current MFI mining uses depth first search to improve performance to find long patterns. Although breadth-first search does not differentiate Web pages of different quality or different topics  , some researchers argued that breadth-first search also could be used to build domain-specific collections as long as only pages at most a fixed number of links away from the starting URLs or starting domains are collected e.g. This method assumes that pages near the starting URLs have a high chance of being relevant. In practice  , it is closer to a depth-first search with some backtracking than to a breadth-first search. They conducted two experiments to determine whether users engaged in a more exhaustive " breadth-first " search meaning that users will look over a number of the results before clicking any  , or a " depth-first " search. For instance  , SAGE 28  uses a generational-search strategy in combination with simple heuristics  , such as flip count limits and constraint subsumption. Sine~ each node consists of only 24 bytes and the top-down search is closer to a depth-first search than a breadth-first search  , the amount of space required by the hierarchy n·odes is not excessive. In our experience of applying Pex on real-world code bases  , we identify that Pex cannot explore the entire program due to exponential path-exploration space. Which branching points are flipped next depends on the chosen search strategy  , such as depth-first search DFS or breadth-first search BFS. Its default download strategy is to perform a breadth-first search of the web  , with the following three modifications: 1. That is  , starting from the root pages of the selected sites we followed links in a breadth-first search  , up to 3 ,000 pages per site. After both connections are made  , we find a path in the roadmap between the two connection points using breadth-first search. In this case  , only one DFA in conjunction with a standard breadth first search is used to grow a single frontier of entities. We will denote this approximate Katz measure as aKatz throughout the rest of the paper. Any objects that are reached during the traversal are considered live and added to the tempLive set. To propagate the constraints on join variable bindings Property 2  , we walk over this tree from root to the leaves and backwards in breadth-first-search manner. This module contains multiple threads that work in parallel to download Web documents in a breadth-first search order. We observed that the similarity scores for the neighbours often is either very close to one  , or slightly above zero. The corresponding histogram is shown in Fig. By following the path with the minimum cost  , the robot is guided to the nearest accessible unknown region. See Figure 11for an example plan. Since the MFI cardinality is not too large MafiaPP has almost the time as Mafia for high supports. When determining the cases allowed for a given frame  , a breadth-first search of the case frame hierarchy collects the relevant cases. The backward search can be illustrated in Figure 4by traversing the graphs in reverse in a breadth-first manner. This " 3 ,000 page window " was decided for practical reasons. The crawl was breadth-first and stopped after one million html pages had been fetched. The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. Our solution combines a data structure based on a partial lattice  , and memoization of intermediate solutions. The number of traversals is bounded by the total number of elements in the model and view at hand. We used JPF's breadth-first search strategy  , as done for all systematic techniques in 28. Recall that we must regenerate the paths between adjacent roadmap nodes since they are not stored with the roadmap. This task is efficiently performed by an optimized implementation of the Breadth-first search BFS strategy through MapReduce 3. At running time we use the index to retrieve the paths whose sink node matches a keyword. An estimate of L was formed by averaging the paths in breadth first search trees over approximately 60 ,000 root nodes. This allowed us to perform bidirectional breadth first search to answer the connectivity question. Even this crawl was very time consuming  , especially when the crawler came across highly linked pages with thousands of in-and out-links e.g. Link types extracted include straight HREF constructs  , area and image maps  , and Javascript constants. Each term is mapped to a synset in WordNet and a breadth-first search along WordNet relations identifies related synsets. Sensorless plans  , which must bring all possible initial orientations to the same goal orientation  , are generated using breadth-first search in the space of representative actions. We determine these paths by breadth-first search throughG. Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. RBFS using h 0 = 0 behaves similarly to the breadth-first search. Then  , starting from this seed set  , we use the following five strategies to select five different account sets with the same selection size of k from the dataset 5 : random search RAND  , breath-first search BFS  , depthfirst search DFS  , random combination of breadth-first and depth-first search RBDFS 6   , and CIA. The existing thread has the additional topic node 413 which is about compression of inverted index for fast information retrieval. Each operation produces a temporary result which must be materialized and consumed by the next operation. bring the two parts to distinguishable states. The crawl started from the Open Directory's 10 homepage and proceeded in a breadth-first manner. Each of these subsets is identified using a breadth first search technique. We choose the appropriate face vector field and cell vector field for the two cases as described in Section IV. The trajectory design problem is solved by performing a pyramid  , breadth-first search. The search then proceeds in a breadth-first fashion with a crawling that is not limited to URL domain or file size. An efficient implementation can use a data structure like the tree shown in Figure 1to store the counters  Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . JPF is built around first  , breadth-first as well as heuristic search strategies to guide the model checker's search in cases where the stateexplosion problem is too severe 18. Therefore  , to perform concolic testing we need to bound the number of iterations of testme if we perform depth-first search of the execution paths  , or we need to perform breadth-first search. This simple but extremely flexible prioritization scheme includes as a special case the simpler strategies of breadth-first search i.e. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? In both studies  , users were significantly more likely to engage in the depthfirst strategy  , clicking on a promising link before continuing to view other abstracts within the results set. Thus pipelined and setoriented strategies have similar complexity on a DBGraph. On the other hand  , the depth-first search methods e.g. The search is guaranteed to halt since there are a finite number of equivalence classes and our search does not consider sequences with cycles. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l The main difference is that the candidates for further expansion are managed in a queue instead of a stack. We have chosen to search the LUB-tree hierarchy in a breadth-first manner  , as opposed to a depth-first search as in Quinlan 24 . Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. The number of possible choices of values of c and s that concolic testing would consider in each iteration is 17. Abstractly we view a program as a guarded-transition systems and analyze transition sequences. If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. Let's consider how the FI-combine see Figure 2 routine works  , where the frequency of an extension is tested. For each top ranked search result  , they performed a limited breadth first search and found that searching to a distance of 4 resulted in the best performance. For example  , the mean number of nodes accessed in the top-down search of the complete link hierarchy for the INSPEC collection is 873 requiring only 20 ,952 bytes of core. As indicated above  , there are basically two ways in which the search tree can be traversed We can use either a breadth first search and explicit subset tests Apriori or a depth first search and intersections of transaction lists Eclat. The MSN Search crawler discovers new pages using a roughly breadth-first exploration policy  , and uses various importance estimates to schedule recrawling of already-discovered pages. Therefore   , pages crawled using such a policy may not follow a uniform random distribution; the MSN Search crawler is biased towards well-connected  , important  , and " high-quality " pages. The second tool  , Meta Spider  , has similar functionalities as the CI Spider  , but instead of performing breadth-first search on a particular website  , connects to different search engines on the Internet and integrates the results. We make use of relations such as synonym  , hypernym  , hyponym  , holonym and meronym and restrict the search depth to a maximum of two relations. Our results explain their finding by showing that relevant documents are found within a distance of 5 or are as likely to be found as non-relevant documents. In this graph  , subsequent actions are connected  , and TransferReceive / TransferSend actions are additionally connected to each other's subsequent actions. Through several recent independent evaluations 17  , 6  , it is now well accepted that a prefix tree-based data set representation typically outperforms both the horizontal and the vertical data set representations for support counting. The existing methods essentially differ in the data structures used to " index " the database to facilitate fast enumeration. During this search  , we check that the newly introduced transfer does not induce a cycle of robots waiting for each other by performing breadth first search on the graph formed by the robot's plans. A node in the tree contains the set of orientations consistent with the push-align operations along the path to the node. The documents retrieved by the web browsers of focused crawlers are validated before they are stored in a repository or database. The experiments described in this paper demonstrate that a crawler that downloads pages in breadth-first search order discovers the highest quality pages during the early stages of the crawl. For example  , the Internet Archive crawler described in 3  does not perform a breadthfirst search of the entire web; instead  , it picks 64 hosts at a time and crawls these hosts in parallel. If a winning path exists  , then the path represents the search schedule for the two pursuers. To guide the search  , we work backward from a unique final orientation toward a range of orientations of size 27r  , which corresponds to the full range of uncertainty in initial part orientation. Links are explored from the starting page in breadth-first search using order of discovery for links at the same depth. The breadth-first search implies that density-connections with the minimum number of objects requiring the minimum number of region queries are detected first. The preponderance of diagonal path lines is due to the search being 8-connected  , and being breadth-first. The search can be performed in a breadth-first or depth-first manner  , starting with more general shorter sequences and extending them towards more specific longer ones. All experiments in this section use the breadth-first search strategy. Text is provided for convenience. We note that for every fixed query a node assignment requiring no calls to updateP ath always exists: simply label the nodes in order discovered by running breadth-first search from s. However  , there is no universally optimal assignment — different queries yield different optimum assignments. Focused crawling  , on the other hand  , attempts to order the URLs that have been discovered to do a " best first " crawl  , rather than the search engine's " breadth-first " crawl. " Generalised search engines that seek to cover as much proportion of the web as possible usually implement a breadth-first BRFS or depth-first A. Rauber et al. MaxMiner also first uses dynamic reordering which reorder the tail items in the increasing order of their supports. The itemset search space traversal strategy that is used is depth-first 18  , breadth-first 2  , or based on the pattern-growth methodology 22. After the push function is used to partition the space of push directions into equivalence classes  , we perform a breadth-first search of push combinations to find a fence design. l A split situation is in general the more expensive case because theparts of the cluster to be split actually have to be discovered. For each public user  , we first counted the number of protected mutual neighbours as well as the ratio of protected to all mutual neighbours. The arrangement enumeration tree is created as described above  , using the set of operands defined in Section 2 and it is traversed using either breadth-first or depth-first search. The effect of search pruning at all Rtree levels is that  , starting from the top level  , the two nodes  , one from each R-tree  , are only traversed for join computation if the MBRs of their parent nodes overlap . However  , if all violations go through a small set of nodes that are not encountered on the early selected paths or these nodes get stuck on the bottom of the worklist  , then it may be worse than breadth first search. Instead  , we can set parameters which we term the window's breadth and depth  , named analogously to breadth-first and depth-first search  , which control the number of toponyms in the window and the number of interpretations examined for each toponym in the window  , respectively. Otherwise  , the planner identifies the set of " boundary conditions " for the search  , namely:  The search for a sequence of regrasp operations proceeds by forward chaining from the set of initial gpg triples performing an evaluated breadth-first search in the space of compatible gpg triples. Beam-search is a form of breadth-first search  , bounded both in width W and depth D. We use parameters D = 4 to find descriptions involving at most 4 conjunctions  , and W = 10 to use only the best 10 hypotheses for refinement in the next level. The crawling was executed via a distributed breadth first search. In this graph  , vetexes and edges represent nodes and links respectively. A recent study of Twitter as a whole  , gathered by breadth-first search  , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 13. In this implementation the transitive closure of the digraph G T is based on a breadth first search through G T . The sequence of retrieved documents displayed to the user is ordered by the number of edges from the entry point document. However  , after a large number of Web pages are fetched  , breadth-first search starts to lose its focus and introduces a lot of noise into the final collection. Instead of traversing the BVTT as a strictly depthfirst or breadth-first search JC98  , we use a priority queue to schedule which of the pending tests to perform next. Since the planner performs breadth-first search in the space of representative actions  , the planner is complete if the computed action ranges are accurate. The initial collection was created for day 1 using a Breadth-First crawl that retrieved MAX IN INDEX = 100  , 000 pages from the Web starting from the bookmark URLs. Using a 4000-node subgraph summarized in Table 3  , we generated 1633185 candidate edges. In order to sample the distribution of distances between nodes  , breadth first search trees were formed from a fraction of the nodes. When the FM is traversed using the breadth-first search BFS  , the edges in the FPN are generated according to relations between features in the FM and the weights on edges are computed  Lines 4∼5. After the completion of breadth first search  , there are no unknown nodes and each node has a location area. In many cases  , simple crawlers follow a breadth-first search strategy  , starting from the root of a website homepage and traversing all URLs in the order in which they were found. shows the result of the experiment after the second step of the breadth-first search. The CWB computes the similarity-degrees of the title and/or subtitles through a breadth-first search because the title and subtitles are within a nested structure. As the crawl progresses  , the quality of the downloaded pages deteriorates. So  , instead of trying to find the optimal allocation we do the allocation by using the heuristic of traversing the tree in a breadth first-BF search order: l We have shown that finding an overall optimal allocation scheme for our cuboid tree is NP-hard DANR96 . Once it has been established that a high level path exists  , the lower level trajectory planning problem for each equivalence region node is to determine the trajectory which the cone must follow to reorient the part. Path planning for individual modules uses a breadth-first search starting at the end of the tail. A candidate path is located when an entity from the forward frontier matches an entity from the reverse frontier. This enables to compute the representation of all concepts such that any pair of concepts sharing a common ancestor in the concept hierarchy will share a common prefix in their representation corresponding to this common ancestor. Once a goal state is reached we have a sequence of desired relative push angles which we know will uniquely reorient a part regardless of its initial orientation because that initial orientation must be in the range of The goal of the breadth first search then is to arrive at a current state p   , such that lpgl = 27r. We use the push function to find equivalence classes of actions-action ranges with the same effect. Our approtach to solve the regrasp problem is as follows: We generate and evaluate possible grasp classes of an object and its stable placements on a table; the regrasping problem is then solved by an evaluated breadth-first search in a space where we represent all compatible sequences of regrasp operations. This procedure is then applied to all URLs extracted from newly downloaded pages. We assume that a breadth-first search is performed over these top ranked invocations. In order to follow the edges in one direction in time  , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. Our initial examination revealed that the allocated users IDs are very evenly distributed across the ID space. Recently  , Microsoft Academic Search released their paper URLs and by crawling the first 7.58 million  , we have collected 2.2 million documents 4 . A lattice is defined over generated word sets for formulae  , and a breadth-first search starting from the query formula set is used to find similar formulae. That is  , for each node a set of SPARQL query patterns is generated following the rules depicted in Table 3w.r.t. The next step is to choose a set of cuboids that can be computed concurrently within the memory constraints . Compute D and perform a breadth-first search of D as indicated above starting with To as the set of visited vertices and ending when some vertex in the goal set 7~ ha5 been reached. We assign priority to the pending BVTT visits according to the distance: the closest pending BV pair is given a higher priority and visited next. The search is breadth-first and proceeds by popping a node from the head of OPEN list and generating the set of child nodes for the constituent states steps 1-4. Search engines conduct breadth first scans of the site  , generating many requests in short duration. An estimate of the total number of edges by the present authors suggests there are around 7 billion edges in the present social graph. For each instance of the iterator created for a path pattern  , two DFAs are constructed. These pages contain 17 ,672 ,011 ,890 hyperlinks after eliminating duplicate hyperlinks embedded in the same web page  , which refer to a total of 2 ,897 ,671 ,002 URLs. PD-Live does a breadth-first search from the document a user is currently looking at to select a candidate set of documents. A combination of these operators induces a breadth-first search traversal of the DBGraph. Specifically   , we collected the previous Amazon reviews of each reviewer in the root dataset and the Amazon product pages those reviews were associated with. To optimize the poses and landmarks  , we create a metric environment map by embedding metric information to nodes by breadth-first search over graph. The sensor-based planner performs breadth-first AND/OR search to generate sensor-based orienting plans for parts with shape uncertainty. The sensorless planner uses breadth-first search to find sensorless orienting plans. MaxMiner 3 uses a breadth-first search and performs look-ahead pruning which prunes a whole tree if the head and tail together is frequent. A simple breadth-first search is quite effective in discovering the topic evolution graphs for a seed topic Figure 4and Figure 5a. To discover a topic evolution graph from a seed topic  , we apply a breadth-first search starting from the seed node but only following the edges that lead to topic nodes earlier in time. We construct a work list starting at persist.root so we can perform a breadth-first search of the object graph. At every jvar-node  , we take intersection of bindings generated by its adjacent tp-nodes and after the intersection  , drop the triples from tp-node Bit- Mats as a result of the dropped bindings. They found that crawling in a breadth-first search order tends to discover high-quality pages early on in the crawl  , which was applied when the authors downloaded the experimental data set. OVERLAP does the allocation using a heuristic of traversing the search tree in a breadth-first order  , giving priority to cuboids with smaller partition sizes  , and cuboids with longer attribute lists. Additional documents are then retrieved by following the edges from the starting point in the order of a breadth first search. If the action ranges are overly conservative  , the planner may not find a solution even when one exists. Our web graph is based on a web crawl that was conducted in a breadth-first-search fashion  , and successfully retrieved 463 ,685 ,607 HTML pages. Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. To detect deadlocks or paths to be folded we scan graph C with the BFS Breadth-First-Search algo­ rithm. Unlike the simple crawlers behind most general search engines which collect any reachable Web pages in breadth-first order  , focused crawlers try to " predict " whether or not a target URL is pointing to a relevant and high-quality Web page before actually fetching the page. In addition  , focused crawlers visit URLs in an optimal order such that URLs pointing to relevant and high-quality Web pages are visited first  , and URLs that point to low-quality or irrelevant pages are never visited. Since the position bias can be easily incorporated into click models with the depth-first assumption  , most existing click models 4  , 11  , 13 follow this assumption and assume that the user examines search results in a top-to-bottom fashion. The subgraph returned by BFS usually contains less vertices in the target community than the subgraph of the same size obtained by random walk technique. If the similarity-degree of a title and/or subtitles is higher than the threshold ­  , the title and/or subtitles are regarded a similar title and/or similar subtitles  , and the contents of the title and subtitles are considered similar contents. The use of the succ-tup and succ-val* primitives defines a traversal of the DBGraph following a breadth-first search EFS strategy Sedg84  , as follows : The transitive closure operation is performed by simply traversing links  , Furthermore testing the termination condition is greatly simplified by marking. One possible source of this difference is that the crawling policies that gave rise to each data set were very different; the DS2 crawl considered page quality as an important factor in which pages to select; the DS1 crawl was a simpler breadth-first-search crawl with politeness. It is worthwhile noting that other expansion methods such as breadth-first-search BFS would entirely ignore the bottleneck defining the community and rapidly mix with the entire graph before a significant fraction of vertices in the community have been reached. Before searching for a regrasp sequence  , the regrasp planner checks if the pick-and-place operation can be achieved within a single grasp. The division of the planning into ofRine and online computation with as much a priori knowledge as possible used for the offline computation turns out to be an efficient and powerful concept  , operating online in connection with the evaluated breadth-first search in the space of compatible regrasp operations. The unions D:=DuAD and AD':=AD'usucc~val*v'  , R.1 can be efficiently implemented by a concatenation since marking the tuples avoid duplicate generation. This breadth-first search visits each node and generates several possible triple patterns based on the number of annotations and the POS-tag itself. Starting from this seed set  , we performed a breadth-first crawl traversing friendship links aiming to discover the largest connected component of the social graph. This figure suggests that breadth-first search crawling is fairly immune to the type of self-endorsement described above: although the size of the graph induced by the full crawl is about 60% larger than the graph induced by the 28 day crawl  , the longer crawl replaced only about 25% of the " hot " pages discovered during the first 28 days  , irrespective of the size of the " hot " set. the node that has the shortest average path to all the other nodes in Λ pred and to perform a breadth-first-search from this node in G pred subgraph of G containing only the nodes in Λ pred and their interconnects to create a tree of information spread and to use the leaves of that tree as the newly activated nodes. Some connectivity-based metrics  , such as Kleinberg's al- gorithm 8  , consider only remote links  , that is  , links between pages on different hosts. In addition to the standard language features of Java  , JPF uses a special class Verify that allows users to annotate their programs so as to 1 express non-deterministic choice with methods Verify.randomn and Verify.randomBool  , 2 truncate the search of the state-space with method Verify.ignoreIfcondition when the condition becomes true  , and 3 indicate the start and end of a block of code that the model checker should treat as one atomic statement and not interleave its execution with any other threads with methods Verify.beginAtomic and Verify.endAtomic. Our experiments revealed that the influentials identified using this method have poor performance which led us to identify the next method of prediction. If the edges of a lockdown graph are weighted by the number of images constituting the part of the segment between the two lockdown points or more appropriately  , the sub-nodes on which the two lockdown points lie  , choosing the smallest-sized cycle basis will reduce computational cost in computing HHT to a small extent. A T-Regular Expression is a regular expression over a triple pattern or an extended regular expression of the form  are regular expressions; if x and y are regular expressions  , then x  y  , x ⏐ y are also regular expressions. is one regular expression defined for the month symbol. Regular expression matching is naturally computationally expensive. -constrain paths based on the presence or absence of certain nodes or edges. If  , for example  , an ADT has a domain definition represented by the regular expression "name sex birthdate"  , then the ADT is a generalization of person because "name sex birthdate" is a subexpression of the expression "name sex birthdate address age deathdate which is a commutated expression of the domain-defining regular expression for person. For any regular expression  , we allow concatenation AND and plus OR to be commutative and define a commuted regular expression of regular expression e to be any regular expression that can be derived from e by a sequence of zero or more commutative operations. Otherwise   , we describe the properties in the regular expression format. XTM provides support for the entire PERL regular-expression set. So the extracted entities are from GATE  , list or regular expression matching. The regular expression specifies the characters that can be included in a valid token. If these strings are identical  , we directly present such string in the regular expression. We distinguish two types of path expressions: simple path expression SPE and regular path expression RPE. A content expression is simply a regular expression ρ over the set of tokens ∆. The PATTERN clause is similar to a regular expression. This is done by interpreting the regular expression as an expression over an algebra of functions. Since XQuery does not support regular path expressions  , the user must express regular path expressions by defining user-defined structurally recursive functions. In particular  , the occurrence of the regular expression operators concatenation  , disjunction +  , zero-or-one  ? But the problem of automatic regular expression grammar inference is known to be difficult and we generally cannot obtain a regular expression grammar using only positive samples 13  , like in our case. ADT a is an automatic aggregation of the list of ADTs b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a commuted regular expression of the regular expression formed by concatenating the elements in the list of ADTs b. b: Here b is an ordered list of two or more ADTs. Yet easier  , PCRE the most widespread regular expression engine supports callouts 20   , external functions that can be attached to regular expression markers and are invoked when the engine encounter them. Thus  , each occurrence of the regular expression represents one data object from the web page. The second most matched rule is another regular expression that resulted in another 11% of the rule matches. For the sketched example the regular expression should allow any character instead of the accent leading to the regular expression " M.{1 ,2}ller " instead of solely " Müller " . As already noted  , a pure regular expression that expresses permutations must have exponential size. The code is inefficient because creating the regular expression is an expensive operation that is repeatedly executed. The obtained regular expression can be applied with the appropriate flags such as multi-line support and with appropriate string delimiters to instance pages to check for template matching. For example  , here is the regular expression for the " transmit " relationship between two Documents: Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. The implementation of the regular-expression matching module is described in more detail in the paper by Brodie  , Taylor  , and Cytron 5. This regular expression is then applied on the sentences extracted by the search engine for 2 purposes: i. * in popular regular expression syntaxes. For example  , the output of the function md5 is approximated with the regular expression  , 0-9a-f{32}  , representing 32- character hexadecimal numbers. We utilize regular expression matching for both sources of URLs. Each print statement has as argument a relational expression   , with possibly some free occurrences of attributes. For example  , while an expression can be defined to match any sequence of values that can be described by a regular expression  , the language does not provide for a more sophisticated notion of attribute value restrictions. For brevity  , we omit nodes in a regular expression unless required  , and simply describe path expressions in terms of regular expressions over edge labels. Regular expressions and XQuery types are naturally represented using trees. Quite complex textual objects can be specified by regular expressions. However  , the language model would often make mistakes that the regular expression classifier would judge correctly. The first regular expression to match defines the component parts of that section. Finally  , we summarize these properties in order to generate the regular expression. This subtext is then parsed and a regular expression generated. Extract all multi-word terms using the predefined regular expression rules. The latest comment prior to closing the pull request matches the regular expression above. for sequencing have their usual meaning. The XML specification requires regular expressions to be deterministic. Furthermore we utilized regular expressions  , adopted from Ritter et al. Extraction generates minimal nonoverlapping substrings. These patterns are expressed in regular expression. Synthetic expression generation. The construction resembles that of an automaton for a regular expression. SPE are path expressions that consist of only element or attribute names. As usual  , we write Lr for the language defined by regular expression r. The class of all regular expressions is actually too large for our purposes  , as both DTDs and XSDs require the regular expressions occurring in them to be deterministic also sometimes called one-unambiguous 15 . Or it may be possible that the required regular expression is too complicated to write. Most of the learning of regular languages from positive examples in the computational learning community is directed towards inference of automata as opposed to inference of regular expressions 5  , 43  , 48. Thus  , semantically  , the class of deterministic regular expressions forms a strict subclass of the class of all regular expressions. As Glusta also uses regular expressions when the user needs to specify additional fitness factors as in the HyperCast experiment  , we will investigate optimizations for our regular expression matching also. Moreover  , the preg_match function in PHP does not only check if a given input matches the given regular expression but it also computes all the substrings that match the parenthesized subexpressions of the given regular expression. Generally  , these regular expressions are interpreted exactly as in other semistructured query languages  , and the usual regular expression operations +  , *  ,  ? We first tried the regular-expression-based matching approach . To this end  , we generate and then try to apply two types of patterns  , expressed in terms of a regular expression: one is aimed at describing author names the element regular expression  , or EREG  , and the other aimed at describing groups of delimiters between names the glue characters regular expression or GREG. We attempt to extract author names both by means of matches of the generated EREG  , or extracting the text appearing in between two matches of a GREG. Two methods are also given for detecting the data flow anomalies without directly computing the regular expression for the paths. During evaluation of this expression  , the descriptor person would only match a label person on an edge. Like the generic relationship  , aggregation does not have a userdefined counterpart because the user must define aggregation in the syntax. Definition 5. All machines have a nonaccepting start-state. AutoRE 21 outputs regular expression signatures for spam detection. For the example mentioned above  , our code produces the regular expression fs.\.*\.impl. Empty string K is a valid regular expression. A regular expression r is single occurrence if every element name occurs at most once in it. Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. Three runs were submitted for the QA track. Works such as 7  , 29  , 23 use regular-expression-like syntax to denote event patterns. For every group  , a regular expression is identified. Deciding whether R is not restricted is NP- complete. The following regular expression describes all possibilities: By continuing in this manner  , an arbitrarily long connection can be sustained. For notational simplicity  , we assume that each regular expression in a conjunctive query Q is distinct. Regular expression inference. Hence for most of the paper we restrict ourselves to using approximate regular expression matching 15  , which can easily be specified using weighted regular transducers 9. A formalism regular expressions for tagged text  , RETT for developing such rules was created. This crude classifier of signal tweets based on regular expression matching turns out to be sufficient. Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. A sample S covers a deterministic regular expression r if it covers the automaton obtained from S using the Glushkov construction for translating regular expressions into automata 14. One alternative considered in the design of XJ was to allow programmers the use of regular expression types in declarations. a feature that is supported by all major regular expression implementations and a posteriori checking for empty groups can be used to identify where i.e. The fourth column lists the feature on which the regular expression or gazetteer as the case may be is evaluated. Let's start with the weakest template class  , type 3 regular grammars 16The more common regular expression equivalent provides an easier way to think about regular templates. All 49 regular expressions were successfully derived by iDRegEx. Therefore  , we extend the regular expressions developed by Bacchelli et al 4  , 5 to the following regular expression code take the class named " Control " for the example: DragSource- Listener " . The OM regex contained 102 regular expressions of varying length. We apply  , in order of precedence  , this sequence of regular expressions to each token from the token sequence previously obtained  , giving us the symbol sequence: x1  , . By using the named entities already tagged in the document  , the system can create a number of actual regular expressions  , substituting suitable types into the ANSWER and OBJECT locations. A permutation expression is such an example. This generic representation is called a Navigation Pattern NP. The items are then extracted in a table format by parsing the Web page to the discovered regular patterns. Thus  , we will use regular expressions to specify the history component of a guard. However  , regular expressions are not very robust with respect to layout variations and structural changes that occur frequently in Web sites. Second  , some text may happen to match a regular expression by coincidence but still the document may fail to support the answer. Regular expressions were developed to pattern match sentence construction for common question types. Regular expressions REs are recursively defined as follows: every alphabet symbol a ∈ Σ is a regular expression. The first one accepts the regular language defined by the original path expression  , while the second one accepts the reversed language  , which is also regular. The regular expression rules are sensitive to text variations and the need for the user to come up with markup rules can limit GoldenGATE's application. One approach for automatic categorization is achieved by deriving taxonomy correspondences from given attribute values or parts thereof as specified via a regular expression pattern. All the suggestions provided by the spell-checker are matched with this regular expression  , and only the first one that matches is selected  , otherwise the mispelled word is left unchanged. Then an XPath with a regular expression that tests if all text snippets with this particular structure are marked up as dates is a suitable means to test whether or not the step that marks up dates has been executed. For our running example  , we obtain the three regular expressions: We further refer to the hostnames and IP addresses in HIC1. Hence  , we may end up with very large regular expressions. An XSD is single occurrence if it contains only single occurrence regular expressions. Consider  , for example  , the classifier that identifies SD. In other words  , each language described by a regular expression can also be generated by an appropriate grammar G∈C 3 and viceversa . For example  , in the regular expression person | employee.name ? A string path definition spd is a regular expression possibly containing some variables variable Y indicated by \varY  which appear in some concept predicate of the corresponding rule. The best regular expression in the candidate set C is now the deterministic one that minimizes both model and data encoding cost. Thus  , this regular expression is used. For instance  , the Alembic workbench 1 contains a sentence splitting module which employs over 100 regular-expression rules written in Flex. Contrarily  , the idea behind our solution is to focus on the input dataset and the given regular expression. The property verification is restricted to the users that belong to the specified class  , and that matches the regular expression in the scope of the property. For a regular expression r over elements   , we denote by r the regular expression obtained from r by replacing every ith a-element in r counting from left to right by ai. We therefore configured the Gigascope to only try the regular expression match for DirectConnect if the fixed offset fields match. This can be useful in representing word tokens that correspond to fields like Model and Attribute. In fact  , a regular expression may be a very selective kind of syntactical constraint  , for which large fraction of an input sequence may result useless w.r.t. If the regular expression matches an instance it is safe to return a validity assessment. We maintained a data store of basic regular expression formats  , suitable substitution types  , an allowable answer type  , and a generic question format for the particular rela- tion. Each operator takes a regular expression as an argument  , and the words generated by the expression serve as patterns that direct how lists should be shuffled together or picked apart. This regular-expression matching can be performed concurrently for up to 50 rules. A wildcard in a regular expression is associated in the SMA to a transition without a proper label: in other terms  , a transition that matches any signal  , and thus it fires at every iteration. Such a query can be encoded as a regular expression with each Ri combined using an " OR " clause and this regular expression based query can be issued as an advanced search to a search engine. The composite query is most useful when each Ri represents a specific aspect of the main query M and the individual supporting terms are not directly related. Context patterns are used to impose constraints on the context of an element. This corresponds to a standard HTML definition of links on pages. The difference is that the thing to be extracted is defined by the expression  , not the component itself. The teehnique's inspiration comes from the use of the regular expression for the paths in a program as a suitably interpreted A expression. One of the benefits of our visual notation is encapsulation. We note that xtract also uses the MDL principle to choose the best expression from a set of candidates. It is well-known that the permutation expression can be compacted a bit to exponential size but no further compaction is possible in regular expression notation. We will refer to a triple of such a regular expression and the source and destination nodes as a P-Expression e.g. Not every nondeterministic regular expression is equivalent to a deterministic one 15. A walk expression is a regular expression without union  , whose language contains only alternating sequences of node and edge types  , starting and ending with a node type. Concatenation   , alternation  , and transitive closure are interpreted as function composition  , union  , and function transitive closure respectfully. us* as part of a GRE query on a db-graph labelled with predicate symbol r. The following Datalog program P is that constructed from the expression tree of R. Consider the regular expression R = ~1 us . Theregn.larexptekonmustbechoseninsuchawaythat itdefinesaconnectedgtaph ,thatis ,apathtype. The regular expression is a simple example for an expression that would be applied to the content part of a message. The element content is constrained by a content expression   , that is  , a regular expression over element definitions. The offer expression stands out with relatively good precision for a single feature. We will generate candidate URL patterns by replacing one segment with a regular expression each time. From these  , URLs were extracted using a simple regular expression . We now define its semantics. The terminal symbols are primitive design steps. Our work is capable of locating more complex properties. For guard inference we choose a finite set of regular expression templates . We extracted around 8.8 million distinctive phone entity instances and around 4.6 million distinctive email entity instances. The regular expression in this example is a sequence of descriptors. ate substrings of the example values using the structure. One can express that a string source must match a given regular expression. This template can be utilized to identify other classes of transaction annotators. A key aspect in identifying patient cohorts is the resolution of demographic information. Comments represent a candidate items. Both can be applied for annotating a text document automatically. \Ye note that the inverse in the above expression exists a t regular points. It consisted of several regular expression operations without any loops or branches. We discuss the method used to obtain accepting regular expressions as well as the ranking heuristics below. xtract 31 is another regular expression learning system with similar goals. Example of the possible rule: person_title_np = listi_personWord src_  , hum_Cap2+ src_  , $setHUM_PERSON/2 Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. We apply the concepts of modular grammar and just-in-time annotation to RegExprewrite rules. We assign scores to each entity extracted  , and rank entities according to their scores. A text window surrounding the target citation  ,  We then wrote a regular expression rules to extract all possible citations from paper's full text. Moreover  , no elements are repeated in any of the definitions. Results are not displayed in the browser assistant but in the browser itself. Slurp|bingbot|Googlebot. The regular expression is evaluated over the document text. One path corresponds to one capturing group in the regular expression indicated with parentheses. For example  , the Gnutella data download signature can be expressed as: 'ˆServer:|User-Agent: \t*LimeWire| BearShare|Gnucleus|Morpheus|XoloX| gtk-gnutella|Mutella|MyNapster|Qtella| AquaLime|NapShare|Comback|PHEX|SwapNut| FreeWire|Openext|Toadnode' Due to the fact that it is expensive to perform full regular expression matches over all TCP payloads we exploit the fact that the required regular expression matches are of a limited variety. The argument to the PATH-IS function is a regular expression made up from operation names. Attk is a regular expression represented as a DFA. The sentence chains displayed include a node called notify method. Match chooses a set of paths from the semistructure that match a user-given path regular expression . They are extracted based on a set of regular expression rules. The other characters are used as delimiters between tokens. Internal link checks are not yet implemented. Finally  , all other numbers are identified with an in-house system based on regular expression grammars. Possible patterns of references are enumerated manually and combined into a finite automaton. Intent generation and ranking. Nonetheless  , POS tags alone cannot produce high-quality results. By correlating drive-by download samples  , we propose a novel method to generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs to detect drive-by downloads. A conversation specification for S is a specification S e.g. Therefore we believe that the required amount of manual work for developers is rea- sonable. However  , this approach ends up being very inefficient due to the implementation of preg_match in PHP. Thus  , the developer decides to perform a regular expression query for *notif*. Generating the full question was done in the following way: We start with the original question. We also write some regular expression to match some type of entities . Further  , suppose that this tool uses regular expression patterns to recognize dates based on their distinctive syntactical structure. A regular expression domain can infer a structure of $0-9 ,Parsing is easy because of consistent delimiter. We now detail the procedure used to generate a pattern that represents a set of URLs. 19  , it says regular expression matching is a large portion of the Reflexion Model's performance. In the first attempt  , we defined three different detection methods: maximum entropy  , regular expression  , and closed world list. Note: schema:birthDate and schema:deathDate are derived from the same subfield using the supplied regular expression. The GoldenGATE editor natively provides basic NLP functionality like gazetteer Lists and Regular Expression patterns. REFERENCE The result shows that the structure completely supports regular expression functions and the Snort rule set at the frequency of 3.68GHz. Match Generation: There are two ways of doing matching: 1 Regular-expression-based matching: Generate a regular expression from the vulnerability signature automaton and then use the PHP function preg_match to check if the input matches the generated regular expression  , or 2 Automata-simulation-based matching: Generate code that  , given an input string  , simulates the vulnerability signature automaton to determine if the input string is accepted by the vulnerability signature automaton  , i.e. Second  , the editing is often conditional on the surrounding context. Moves consist of matching case  , matching whole word  , Boolean operator  , wild card  , and regular expression. The distribution of hosts in the initial URL set are illustrated in Figure 2 . Rewrite Operation and Normalization Rule. For a variable  , we can specify its type or a regular expression representing its value. We build a system called ARROW to automatically generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs and evaluate the effectiveness of these signa- tures. Compared to these methods   , ARROW mainly differentiates itself by detecting a different attack a.k.a  , drive-by download. The generated predicate becomes two kinds of the following. Cho and Rajagopalan build a multigram index over a corpus to support fast regular expression matching 9 . defined in Section II-D with each g re from the set of regular expression templates RELib˜pRELib˜ RELib˜p . This involves redefining how labels are matched in the evaluation of an expression . These candidate phrases could eventually turn out to be true product names. * ?/ in Perl regular expression syntax for the abbreviation î that is used to search a database of known inflected forms of Latin literature. on a Wikipedia page are extracted by means of a recursive regular expression. The quantifier defines how many nodes within the set must be connected to the single node by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. For clarity we used the types regular-dvd and discount-dvd rather than the cryptic types dvd 1 and dvd 2 of Example 3. Regular expressions can express a number of strings that the be language cannot  , but be types can be generated from type recognizers that can be far more complex than regular expressions. Moreover  , we show that each regular XPATH expression can be rewritten to a sequence of equivalent SQL queries with the LFP operator. Intuitively  , a dvd element is a regular-dvd discount-dvd when its parent label is regulars discounts; its content model is then determined by the regular expression title price title price discount. The quantifier defines to how many nodes from the set the single node must be connected by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. The quantifiers define how many nodes from within the " left " set must be connected to how many nodes from the " right " set by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. However  , RML provides in addition an operator for transitive closure  , an operator for regular-expression matching   , and operators for comparison of relations  , but does not include functions. In general  , l in Definition 3.1 could be a component of a generalized path expression  , but we have simplified the definition for presentation purposes in this paper. To define when a region in a tokenized table T is valid with respect to content expression ρ  , let us first introduce the following order on coordinates. ε and ∅ are two atomic regular expressions denoting empty string and empty set resp. In practice  , many regular expression guards of transactions are vacuous leading to a small number of partitions. An attribute condition is a triple specifying a required name  , a required value a string  , or in case the third parameter is regvar  , a regular expression possibly containing some variables indicated by \var  , and a special parameter exact  , substr or regvar  , indicating that the attribute value is exactly the required string  , is a superstring of it  , or matches the given regular expression  , respectively. However  , allowing edit operations such as insertions of symbols and inverted symbols indicated by using '−' as a superscript to the symbol and corresponding to matching an edge in the reverse direction  , each at an assumed cost of 1  , the regular expression airplane can be successively relaxed to the regular expression name − · airplane · name  , which captures as answers the city names of Temuco and Chillan. In particular all of the signatures we need to evaluate can be expressed as stringset1. To do this  , we used a regular expression to check the mention of contexts in the document – that is  , the pair city  , state mentioned above –  , along with another regular expression checking if the city was mentioned near another state different from the target state. In this section we will introduce the notion of the approximate automaton of a regular expression R: the approximate automaton of R at distance d  , where d is an integer  , accepts all strings at distance at most d from R. For any regular expression R we can construct an NFA M R to recognise LR using Thompson's construction. Thus we have arrived at the following method for detecting anomalies in a program with flowchart G. Let R be the regular expression for the paths in G. R may be mapped into an expression E in A where the node identifiers are replaced by the elements of A that represent the variable usage. Paraphrasing  , INSTANCE matches each optional sequence of arbitrary characters ¥ w+ tagged as a determiner DT  , followed optionally by a sequence of small letters a-z + tagged as an adjective JJ  , followed by an expression matching the regular expression denoted by PRE  , which in turn can be optionally followed by an expression matching the concatenation of MID and POST. The outcome is that entities which share the same normal form characterized by a sequence of token level regular expressions may all be grouped together. Definition 2. This generic representation  , is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages. This generic representation is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links occurring in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages. Since deterministic regular expressions like a * define infinite languages  , and since every non-empty finite language can be defined by a deterministic expression as we show in the full version of this paper 9  , it follows that also the class of deterministic regular expressions is not learnable in the limit. Recall that the PATH-IS function accepts an argument which is a regular expression  , say R. It turns out that it has an implicit formal parameter s which is a string made up by concatenating integers between 1 and m. Therefore  , the PATH-IS function really denotes the following question: Does s belong to the regular set R ? We are however not interested in abstract structures like regular expressions   , but rather in structures in terms of user-defined domains . In contrast  , the methods in 9  first generate a finite automaton for each element name which in a second step is rewritten into a concise regular expression. In the current framework  , using XPath as a pattern language  , the SDTD of Example 3 is equivalent to the following schema: Here  , Types = {discount-dvd  , regular-dvd}. An SDTD is restrained competition iff all regular expressions occurring in rules restrain competi- tion. The present paper presents a method to reliably learn regular expressions that are far more complex than the classes of expressions previously considered in the literature. Without loss of generality   , we assume that the server name is always given as a single regular expression. That is  , each of these normalization rules takes as input a single token and maps it to a more general class  , all of which are accepted by the regular expression. Each rule is represented by a regular expression  , and to the usual set of operators we added the operator →  , simple transduction  , such that a → b means that the terminal symbol a is transformed into the terminal symbol b. In order to study whether those results are meaningful  , we pick the regular expression CPxxAI as an example and search sequence alignments where the pattern appears. The edit operations which we allow in approximate matching are insertions  , deletions and substitutions of symbols  , along with insertions of inverted symbols corresponding to edge reversals and transpositions of adjacent symbols  , each with an assumed cost of 1. Keeping this in mind  , we briefly cite the well-known inductive definition of the set of regular expressions EXP T over an alphabet T and their associated languages: Now we are ready for motivating our choice to capture the semantics of ODX by regular grammars. To round out the OM regex  , regular expressions that simulate misspellings by vowel substitutions e.g. For write effects  , we give the starting points for both objects and the regular expressions for the paths. A good analogy for path summarization is that of representing the set of strings in a regular language using a regular expression. Due to the lack of real-world data  , we have developed a synthetic regular expression generator that is parameterized for flexibility. Examples of patterns that we used are given below using the syntax of Java regular expressions 9: Essentially  , these patterns match titles that contain phrases such as " John Smith's home page "   , " Lenovo Intranet "   , or " Autonomic Computing Home " . By considering traces that are beyond the current historical data  , the ranking criteria rank impl and rank lkl encourage the reuse of regular expressions across multiple events in the mined specification. Column and table names can be demoted into column values using special characters in regular expressions; these are useful in conjunction with the Fold transform described below. In 45   , several approaches to generate probabilistic string automata representing regular expressions are proposed. As an example  , figure references in the example collection see Figure 3 are 5-digit numbers which are easily recognizable by a simple regular expression. The authors showed that in general case finding all simple paths matching a given regular expression is NP-Complete  , whereas in special cases it can be tractable. We focus on the least powerful grammar category C 3 and the corresponding language category  , which has been shown to be equal to the one defined by the regular expression formalism. We generate the domain names for the hostnames and replace HIC1 using the domain names and IP addresses to get the regular expression signatures. Briefly  , the simplest and most practical mechanism for recognizing patterns specified using regular expressions is a Finite State Machine FSM. Specifically  , positive pattern matches are carefully constructed regular expression patterns and gazetteer lookups while negative pattern matches are regular expressions based on the gazetteer. The path search uses the steps from the bidirectional BFS to grow the frontiers of entities used to connect paths. Such queries can be implemented using the general FORSEQ clause by specifying the relevant patterns i.e. Figure 7shows the distribution of question deletion initiator moderator or author on Stack Overflow. Christian   , Liberal  , sometimes we had to use regular expression matching to extract the relevant information. For the above example  , the developers compute the regular expression once and store it into a variable: The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. The Operator calculates which HTTP requests should have their responses bundled and is called when the Tester matches a request. Finally  , the Analyzer generates code for the Operator that uses the regular expression http://weather ?city=. The input to this pre-condition computation will be a DFA that accepts the attack strings characterized by the regular expression given above. tion is equally likely and the probability to have zero or one occurrences for the zero-or-one operator  ? Our position is that the declarations needed for regular expression types are too complex  , with little added practical value in terms of typing.  The output of some string operations is reasonably approximated by a regular expression. Our analyzer dynamically constructs the transducers described above for a grammar with regular expression functions and translates it into a context-free grammar. For some applications  , the running time performance of the SSNE detector can be a crucial factor. Next  , we replace the digits in the candidate with a special character and obtain a regular expression feature. LAt extracts titles from web pages and applies a carefully crafted set of regular expression patterns to these titles. In order to identify class names in the first group  , we can additionally match different parts of the package name of the class in documents. Label matching in existing semistructured query languages is straightforward. An alternative query expression mechanism appeared in 3  , where regular expressions were used to represent mobility patterns. As such  , any mapping from histories to histories that can be specified by an event expression can be executed by a finite automaton. Bindings link to a PatternParameter and a value through the :parameter and :bindingValue properties respectively. We also allow for approximate answers to queries using approximate regular expression matching. Further examples are shown in Figure 2. No suggestion provided by the spell-checker matches the regular expression generated by aligned outputs  , thus the word is correctly left unchanged. The creation and distribution of potentially new publicly available information on Twitter is called tweeting. 7+ is the operator of a regular expression meaning at least one occurrence. Regular path expression. By conjuncting these expressions together  , we obtain a regular expression with conjunctions that expresses permutations and has size On2. That is  , when 2T-INF derives the corresponding SOA no edges are missing. If f was neither a proposition nor a structured pattern  , we checked how many content words in f had appeared in previous features. In addition there are 9 lexicon lists including: LastNames  , FirstNames  , States  , Cities  , Countries  , JobTitles  , CompanyNameComponents  , Titles   , StreetNameComponents. These patterns are written in a regular-expression-like language where tokens can be: Resporator runs after the previously described annotators   , so quantities that the other annotators detect can be represented as quantities in the Resporator patterns. For SD the only feature of interest is the objecttext – i.e. The parsers are regular expression based and capable of parsing a single operation. Finally  , a sequence of upper characters in the fullname UN is compared to a sequence of upper characters in the abbreviations. For instance  , unless in expert mode  , options that require a regular expression to be entered are suppressed. LSP is composed of lexical entries  , POS tag  , semantic category and their sequence  , and is expressed in regular expression. For example  , a grammar " Figure 1explains the procedures to determine the expected answer type of an input question. We then generalise the string to a suitable regular expression  , by removing stopwords and inserting named entity classes where appropriate. Tools that create structural markup may rely on statistical models or rules referring to detail markup. Age and gender: Regular expression are used to extract and normalize age and gender information from the documents and queries. We present a relatively simple QA framework based on regular expression rewriting. An example is given below: The outcome is a value close to 1 if the tweet contains an high level of syntactically incorrect content. For Japanese  , we use a regular expression to match sentence endings  , as these patterns are more well defined than in English. Allowing Variables. The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. The regular expression on line 546 reflects this specification: '\w' represents word characters word characters include alphanumeric characters  , '_'  , and '. Christensen et al. The nonterminals Attr and RelVar refer to any RML identifier; StrLit is a string literal; and regex is a Unix regular expression. anchor elements contain a location specifier LocSpec 17  typically identifying a text selection with a regular expression. Annotations are implemented as anchors with a PSpec that describes the type popup  , replace  , prefix   , postfix and text of the annotation. Moreover  , these are expressed by the data type and the regular expression of XML schema. The multigram index is an inverted index that includes postings for certain non-English character sequences. The main instances of static concept location are regular expression matching  , dependency search 2  , and informational retrieval IR techniques 10. For patterns longer than 50 characters  , this version never reported a match. For example  , the user can provide an alternating template representing the regular expression ab *   , a program  , and an alphabet of possible assignments. Composition operators can be seen as deening regular expressions on a set of sequence diagrams  , that will be called references expressions for SDs. This means that the server might specify the regular expression deliver sell* destroy sell "   , with suitable restrictions on the sell method's time. An event pattern is an ordered set of strings representing a very simple form of regular expression. pred is a function returning a boolean. We already mentioned that xtract 31 also utilizes the Minimum Description Length principle. In an extreme  , but not uncommon case  , the sample does not even entirely cover the target expression. For domains with wildcards  , the associated virtual host must use a regular expression that reflects all possible names. Both their and our analyzers first extract a grammar with string operations from a program. The input specification is given as a regular expression and describes the set of possible inputs to the PHP program. In this section  , we illustrate our string analyzer by examples. Then  , we can check whether the context-free language obtained by the analyzer is disjoint with this set. To give the reader some idea  , the regular expression used for phone number detection in Y! We use capital Greek letters Ξ and Ψ as placeholders for one of the above defined quantifiers. Here are some examples from our knowledge base: These patterns are expressed in regular expression. There is some useless information about patients' personal detail in the last part of each report  , so we also use regular expression to get and delete them. The resulting plain text is tokenized using a regular expression that allows words to include hyphens and numeric characters. To reduce the size of our vocabulary  , we ignore case and remove stopwords . We have extensively tested all of these in extracting links in scholarly works. These keyword-list RegExps are compiled manually from various sources. Splitting is made by asking whether a selected feature matches a certain regular expression involving words  , POS and gaps occurring in the TREC-11 question. The system finally classifies a visit as male or female. In test phase  , the sentences retrieved are spitted into short snippets according to the splitting regular expression " ,|-| " and all snippets length should be more than 40. In contrast to our approach  , the xtract systems generates for every separate string a regular expression while representing repeated subparts by introducing Kleene-*. We use the following approach: we start by generating a representative sample set for a regular expression . More specifically  , it first identifies all the AB-paths L 1   , . This syntactical variety of references is represented using an or operator in the regular expression. The results also show that the regular expression and statistical features e.g. Evidentiality We study a simple measure of evidentiality in RAOP posts: the presence of an image link within the request text detected by a regular expression. To improve the generalization ability of our model  , we introduce a second type of features referred to as regular expression regex features: However  , this can cause overfitting if the training data is sparse. Soubbotin and Soubbotin 18 mention different weights for different regular expression matches  , but they did not describe the mechanism in detail nor did they evaluate how useful it is. The confidence of a noun phrase is computed using a modified version of Eq. The path expressions can be formed with the use of property names  , their inverses  , classes of properties  , and the usual collection of regular expression operators. As ongoing research  , it is intended to compare the results of the different detection approaches. To display the according occurrence count behind each term i.e. Documents are segmented into sentences and all sentences from relevant documents are used as nuggets in the learning procedure. and at singular points of codimension 1. provided vector U has components outside the column space of the Jacobian. As concepts are nouns or noun phrases in texts  , only word patterns with the NP tag are collected. Such techniques do not really capture any regularity in the paths within a DOM tree. The method is named SMA-FC  , and it performs a number of scans of the database equals to the number of states of the given regular expression. Allowing variables in our method is achieved by maintaining for each token the list of variables instantiated that it contains. First  , the string being searched for is often not constant and instead requires regular expression matching. The W3C recommendation for HTML attributes specifies that white space characters may separate attribute names from the following '=' character. designed regular expression types for strings in a functional language with a type system that could handle certain programming constructs with greater precision than had been done before 23. the usual queries that a developer would enter in a search engine. One element name is designated as the start symbol. The coverage of a target regular expression r by a sample S is defined as the fraction of transitions in the corresponding Glushkov automaton for r that have at least one witness in S. Definition 6. In Section 5 we will discuss a possible spectrum of validators . at which character position  an expected markup structure is missing. So a different regular expression needs to be developed for every target language and region. For example  , the following example  , in the pseudo-regular expression notation of a fictional template engine  , generates a <br> separated list of users: The surprising fact is that these minimal templates can do a lot. We consider detection of cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in PHP programs as the first application of our analyzer. Many works on key term identification apply either fixed or regular expression POS tag patterns to improve their effectiveness . After pruning these signatures with S benign1   , ARROW produced 2  , 588 signatures including the examples presented in Table 4.  The MOP solution can be generated from its definitioa by using the regular expression for the paths. Interestingly  , the example in 27 actually states that 'Lafter destruction  , earlier transfers sales can still be recorded " . Figure 8shows two examples of the kind of regular expression that our analyses accept as input; to conserve space we have elided the JNI strings used to define calls based on signatures. In terms of the operations discussed in Section 3.2  , the variable has the following mean- ing. Collapse combines the properties in labels along a path to create a new label for the entire path. The combinator accepts a sequence of such parsers and returns a new parser as its output. Regular expression patterns are used to identify tags  , references  , figures  , tables  , and punctuations at the beginning or the end of a retrieved passage in order to remove them. To solve the former  , they use a simple regular expression matching strategy  , which does not scale. Note that  , some references may have been cited more than once in the citing papers. An age-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for the identification of de-identified age groups mentioned in visits. Since such expressions often have many variations  , we used regular expressions rather than exhaustive enumeration to extract them from the text. If f was a structured pattern  , we checked if previous features used the same regular expression. The regular expression for word specifies a non-empty sequence of alphanumerics  , hyphens or apostrophes  , while the sentence recognize simply looks for a terminating period  , question mark  , or exclamation point. All the other classes use internal recognize functions. For example  , the atleast operator provides a compact representation of repetitions that seems natural even to someone not familiar with regular expression notation.  The percentage of white space from the first non-white space character on can separate data rows from prose. This is a database querying facility  , with regular expression search on titles  , comments and URLs. Notice that a regular expression has an equivalent automaton. These ngram structures can be captured using the following regular expression: Feature Extraction: Extract word-ngram features where n > 1 using local and global frequency counts from the entire transcript. To date  , no transparent syntactical equivalent counterpart is known. Definition 1.   , zero-or-more  *   , and oneor-more  +  in the generated expressions is determined by a user-defined probability distribution. Our internal typing rules are predicated on the stronger typing system of XML Schema. Some P2P applications are now using encryption. This generates more than 1000 examples positive set in this corpus. We also performed experiments to understand the effect of contextual and regular expression features; the combined set performs best  , as expected. The operation model offers guidelines for representing behavioral aspects of a method or an operation in terms of pre-and post-conditions. The size of the regular expression generated from the vulnerability signature automaton can be exponential in the number of states of the automaton 10. More details and limitations of this approach appear in the related work. This query sets up a variable Name that ranges over the terminal nodes of paths that match the regular expression movie.stars.name. A total of 168 ,554 citation contexts were extracted from the full-text publications by using regular expression   , which come from unique 93 ,398 references. Usually  , such patterns take into account various alternative formulations of the same query. Still  , the results are indicative for our purposes. Candidate phrases are phrases that match a pre-defined set of regular expression patterns. According to the age division standard released by the United Nations we make age into 12 categories. For example  , chapter/section*/title is expressed as a finite automaton and hence structurally recursive functions in Figure 11. prepend d to all structures enumerated above } Figure 4:  with values of constant length. The description length for values using a structure often reduces when the structure is parameterized. We provide built-in functions for common operations like regular-expression based substitutions and arithmetic operations  , but also allow user defined functions. Taken together  , our approach works as follows. A complex query may be transformed into an expression that contains both regular joins and outerjoins. of edge labels is a string in the language denoted by the regular expression R appearing in Q. However  , in ARC-programs what is more important is the means by which bindings are propagated in rules. A possibility is to create a regular expression using the recipes as examples. Therefore  , we replace the equivalence with a weaker condition of similarity. The text part of a message can be quallfled aocordlng to a regular expressIon of strlngs words  , oomblnatlons of words present In them. In this section we employ a graph-rewriting approach to transform a SOA to a SORE. We do not address xtract as Table 1already shows that even for small data sets xtract produces suboptimal results. Approximately 100 simple regular expression features were used  , including IsCapitalized  , All- Caps  , IsDigit  , Numeric  , ContainsDash  , EndsInPeriod  , ConstainsAtSign  , etc. The test document collection is more than one hundred thousand electronic medical reports. Useful information  , including name  , homepage  , rate and comment  , should be separated from web pages by regular expression. Then  , a regular expression is used to extract all abbreviations from the articles. The two NLP tools required by this system are: recognition of basic syntactic phrases  , i.e. Each pattern comprises a regular expression re and a feature f . For example  , the first row describes an example pattern to identify candidate transactional objects . Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. In addition  , it extends the lexica dynamically as it finds new taxonomic names in the documents. Second  , user-defined external ontologies can be integrated with the system and used in concept recognition. The regular expression extractor acts in a similar way as the name extractor. They are intended to specify the semantics of the path between a pair of resources. Our approach enables users to use whatever tools they are comfortable using. Operator  , Resource  , Property or Class and the optional :constraintPattern for a regular expression constraint on the parameter values. counting support for possible valid patterns. First  , it can be difficult to find a valid replacement value for a non-Boolean configuration option  , such as a string or regular expression. The editor can convert the symptom into a regular expression  , thereby stripping out all the irrelevant parts of the symptom. The life-cycle model uses a regular expression whose alphabet reprc· sents a set of events. In these cases  , we suggest that the user should consider data consistency check as an alternative. The domain specification thus defines a value set for an ADT. The ARROW system applies regular expression signatures to match URLs in HTTPTraces. For each regular expression in RT  we construct the corresponding nondeterministic finite automaton NDFA using Thomson's construction 13. If none of the above heuristics identifies a merge  , we mark the pull request as unmerged. The regular expression code for matching each part of package names is: This method can also be used to identify classes sharing the same name but belonging to two different packages. The usual valid sequence would be captured by the regular expression deliver sell " destroy . More detail about the concerns selected is available elsewhere 9. But even these cannot always be used to split unambiguously. However  , to capture semantics  , an expression language is needed  , such as some form of logic predicate calculus  , description logic  , algebra relational algebra  , arithmetic  , or formal language regular expressions  , BNF. PROOF: By reduction from the problem of deciding whether a regular expression does not denote 0'  , which is shown to be NP-complete in StMe731. These fields were identified using regular expression and separated using end of the section patterns. In addition to the regular expression syntax  , means for accessing WordNet and statistical PPA resolver plugins were introduced. Then  , we take all combination of continuous snippets as candidate answer sentences. The following regular expression list is a sample of answer patterns to question type " when_do_np1_vp_np2 " . We modified the scoring scripts to provide both strict and lenient scores. 10 reported an ontology-based information extraction system  , MultiFlora. Among other things  , NeumesXML includes a regular-expression grammar that decides whether NEUMES transcriptions are 'well-formed'. We then wrote a regular expression rules to extract all possible citations from paper's full text. However  , they do not deal with the latter problem  , suggesting further investigation as future work. Question type classification was done using a regular expression based classifier and LingPipe was used as the named entity recogniser. Figure 3depicts an example of a finite automaton for both references to an article in a journal and a book.   , two extraction components for non-ontological entities have been implemented: person name extractor for Finnish language and regular expression extractor. To avoid unnecessary traversals on the database during the evaluation of a path expression  , indexing methods are introduced 15  , 16. Consider finding the corresponding decade for a given year. the given regular expression R patterns contained in the sequence. To handle these kind of patterns we must allow wildcards in the regular expression. In 14  , the authors present the X-Scan operator for evaluating regular path expression queries over streaming XML data. The inference module identifies the naming parts of the clustered join points  , forms a regular expression for each set of naming parts  , and finally outputs the pointcut expression by combining the individual expressions with the pointcut designator generated by the designator identifier. The inference module also provides an additional testing mechanism to verify the strength of the inferred pointcuts. The history in the context of which an event expression is evaluated provides the sequence of input symbols to the automaton implementing the event expression. With these operations  , the regular expression can be treated just like an arithmetic expression to generate the summary function  , which was done to generate the table of solution templates in Appendix B. The query language is based on a hyperwalk algebra with operations closed under the set of hyperwalks. However  , there is one important restriction of such XPath views: The XPath expression in the comparison has to be exactly the same as the view XPath expression. For example  , if the question category is COUNTRY  , then a regular expression that contains a predefined list of country names is fetched  , and all RegExp rewriting is applied to matches. The latter quantity is defined as the length of the regular expression excluding operators  , divided by its kvalue . This expression can be evaluated to a mathematical formula which represents any arbitrary reachability property. In order to translate an extended selection operation u7 ,ee into a regular algebraic expression  , we have to break down the operation into parts  , thereby reducing the complexity of the selection predicate $. Future work will employ full multi-lingual and diverse temporal expression tagging  , such as that provided by HeidelTime 11  , to improve coverage and accuracy. Daws' approach is restricted to formulae without nested probabilistic operators and the outcoming regular expression grows quickly with the number of states composing the DTMC n logn . Given a regular expression pattern and a token sequence representing the web page  , a nondeterministic  , finite-state automaton can be constructed and employed to match its occurrences from the string sequences representing web pages. We experimentally address the question of how many example strings are needed to learn a regular expression with crx and iDTD. By precalculating the path expression  , we do not have to perform the join at query time. If we could store the results of following the path expression through a more direct path shown in Figure 2b  , the join could be eliminated: SELECT A.subj FROM predtable AS A  , WHERE A.author:wasBorn = ''1860'' Using a vertically partitioned schema  , this author:wasBorn path expression can be precalculated and the result stored in its own two column table as if it were a regular property. The expression E is then evaluated to determine whether or not a data flow anomaly exists. To estimate the selectivity of a query path expression using a summarized path tree  , we try to match the tags in the path expression with tags in the path tree to find all path tree nodes to which the path expression leads. For example  , for the context Springfield  , IL  , we would include in its corresponding sub-collection all the documents where Springfield and IL are mentioned and only spaces or commas are in between  , however  , a document would not be valid if  , besides Springfield  , IL  , it also contains Springfield  , FL. The operator  , called Topic Closure  , starts with a set X of topics  , a regular expression of metalink types  , and a relation M representing metalinks M involving topics  , expands X using the regular expression and metalink axioms  , and terminates the closure computations selectively when " derived " sideway values of newly " reached " topics either get sufficiently small or are not in the top-k output tuples. That is  , the derived topic importance values get smaller than a threshold V t or are guaranteed not to produce top-k-ranking output tuples. Let lt and ls be two leaf nodes matched by two distinct tokens t and s. The node a that is the deepest common ancestor of lt and ls defines a regular expression that matches t and s. The complete procedure for generating an URL pattern is described in Figure 7  , where the symbol "  " is used to denote the string concatenation operation. Now  , let us consider the evaluation of assertions which involve the use of the PATH-IS function. If there happen to be seven consecutive ups in the history  , SVL will report this single subsequence of length 7 whereas the regular expression would report six different largely overlapping subsequences; there would be three subsequences of length 5  , two subsequences of length 6  , as well as the entire subsequence of length 7. If a regular expression matched one or more paragraphs  , those paragraphs were extracted for further feature engineering. To infer a DTD  , for example  , it suffices to derive for every element name n a regular expression describing the strings of element names allowed to occur below n. To illustrate  , from the strings author title  , author title year  , and author author title year appearing under <book> elements in a sample XML corpus  , we could derive the rule book → author + title year ? that map type names to regular expressions over pairs at  of element names a and type names t. Throughout the article we use the convention that element names are typeset in typewriter font  , and type names are typeset in italic. This led us to develop a dynamic substitution system  , whereby a generic regular expression was populated at runtime using the tagged contents of the sentence it was being applied to. The improvement in 16 requires n 3 arithmetic operations among polynomials  , performing better than 11 in most practical cases  , although still leading to a n logn long expression in the worst case. In the right-hand side expression of an assignment  , every identifier must either be a relation variable and have been previously assigned a relation  , or it must be a string variable and have been previously assigned a string  , or it must be an attribute that is quantified or occurs free. This is done by converting the distinguished paths of e1 and e2 to regular expressions  , finding their intersection using standard techniques 21  , and converting the intersection back to an XPath expression with the qualifiers from e1 and e2 correctly associated with the merged steps in the intersection. We can learn an extraction expression  , specifically the regular expression E 1 = α·table·tr·td·font * ·p * ·b·p * ·font *   , from these two paths. For example  , the candidate patterns for URL1 are http : Step 2: To determine whether a segment should be generalized  , we accumulate all candidate patterns over the URL database. Note that when these values get instantiated they behave as terminals. Question mark applied to an atom  , e.g. In addition the iterative method may be used in conjunction with the prime program decomposition to find the data flow value for those prime programs for which the regular expression has not been pre- computed. The function stop_xss removes these three cases with the regular expression replacements on lines 531  , 545  , and 551  , respectively. The domain specification is a regular expression whose atoms are ADTs in the library or ADT instantiation parameters of the ADT being defined. Let us assume that the attack pattern for this vulnerability is specified using the following regular expression Σ * < Σ * where Σ denotes any ASCII character. For automatic relevance labels we use the available regular expression answer patterns for the TREC factoid questions. result page  , but depending on the scenario more powerful languages may be needed that take the DOM tree structure of the HTML or even the layout of the rendered page into account. The designated start symbol has only one type associated with it. To summarize  , we propose to replace the UPA and EDC constraint in the XML Schema specification by the robust notion of 1PPT. One of the first works to address abusive language was 21  which used a supervised classification technique in conjunction with n-gram  , manually developed regular expression patterns  , contextual features which take into account the abusiveness of previous sentences. This step uses Bro 27  , whose signature matching engine generates a signature match event when the packet payload matches a regular expression that is specified for a particular rule. Christensen  , Møller and Schwartzbach developed a string analyzer for Java  , which approximates the value of a string expression with a regular language 7. Unrestricted templates are extremely powerful  , but there is a direct relationship between a template's power and its ability to entangle model and view. This would also allow to attach other messaging back-ends such as the Java Messaging Service JMS or REST based services 11. This operation eliminates redundant central servers without compromising their coverage  , and thus reduces the total number of signatures and consequently computationally expensive  , regular expression matching operations. We have shown that the regular expression signatures have a very low false positive rate when compared to a large number of high reputation sites. If we enclose lower-level patterns in parentheses followed by the symbol " * "   , the pattern becomes a union-free regular expression without disjunction  , i.e. states from which no final states can be reached. The second part of the regular expression corresponds to random English words added by the attacker to diversify the query results. Transitions t chk0 and t chk1 detect the condition under which the matching cannot continue e.g. The developer can begin investigating efficiency in an implementation of the OBSERVER pattern using this kind of query by searching for the regular expression *efficien* to capture nouns involved with both efficiency and inefficiency  , such as efficient  , efficiency  , inefficient  , and inefficiency. An obvious limitation of this presentation is a lack of context for a sentence matching a query. The user may also be able to assist in narrowing down the alphabet used for obtaining the basic regular expression library. It would be easy to retrieve that path by using an appropriate regular expression over the name property in each label e.g. Typically  , ÅÅØØØ first chooses a set of paths that match some regular expression  , then the paths are collapsed  , and a property is coalesced from the collapsed paths. However  , if the specified transforms are directly applied on the input data  , many transforms such as regular-expression-based substitutions and some arithmetic expressions cannot be undone unambiguously – there exist no " compensating " transforms. XTM includes three search functionalities to address the needs of a real-world search system: exact matching  , approximate matching  , and regular expression matching. The result was a large number of question classes with very few instances in them. Finally  , it produces and returns the resulting regular expression based on case 4 line 17. loading a page from its URL  , with a 'caching page loader'  , and respectively finding list of URLs from a page with a 'link finder'  , itself an instantiation of a domain-tailored regular expression matching service but we do not show this decomposition. The following are 2 examples of such patterns for age and  , respectively  , ethnicity classification: We were able to determine the ethnicity of less than 0.1% users and to find the gender of 80%  , but with very low accuracy . We use regular expression and query patterns or incorporate user-supplied scripts to match and create terms. In more complex cases  , methods of machine learning can be deployed to infer entity annotation rules. Despite its relatively short history  , eXist has already been successfully used in a number of commercial and non-commercial projects. The matching check is performed using a non-deterministic finite state machine FSM technique similar to that used in regular expression matching 26. Each secondary structure is input to the FSM one character at a time until either the machine enters a final matching state or it is determined that the input sequence does not match the query sequence. The snapshot  , in contrast  , requires heavy computation even for TempIndex. These common data types are used across different domains and only require one-time static setup– e.g. The highways themselves are defined to be paths over section M@!LEtWltidythe~~behiaddrekeywordoSiS a regular expression &fining a path type which in turn describesasetofpathsofthedambasegraph. Pathtypes alemaeintereshingwheadiff~ttofedgesoccluin agraph. Wewillseeexamplesandamoreprecisedefinition below. The rule based systems use manually built rules which are usually encoded in terms of regular expression grammars supplemented with lists of abbreviations  , common words  , proper names  , etc. We then extracted noun phrases by running a shallow part of speech tagger191  , and labeling as a noun phrase any groups of words of length less than six which matched the regular expression NounlAdjective*Noun. For purposes of this research white space is any character matching the regular expression " \s " as defined in the Java pattern class. For the non-number entities  , a regular expression is used for each class to search the text for entities. The product class  , in itself  , is a heterogeneous mix of multiple classes  , depending on the categories they belong to. Once a question class and a knowledge source have been determined  , regular expression patterns that capture the general form of the question must be written. character also deenes a sentence boundary unless the word token appears on a list of 206 common abbreviations or satisses the following awk regular expression: ^A-Za-zzz. A-Za-zzz.+||A-ZZ.||A-Zbcdfghj-np-tvxzz++.$$ The tokenizing routine is applied to each of the top ranked documents to divide it into "sentences". This years' performance reects the addition of the automated expression system  , and the corresponding increase in the 4  , which we feel would be a benecial addition to the overall system architecture. They are comprised of cascades of regular expression patterns   , that capture among other things: base noun phrases  , single-level  , two-level  , and recursive noun phrases  , prepositional phrases  , relative clauses  , and tensed verbs with modals. We use a regular expression pattern to test if the document text contains parts that might be geo-coordinates  , but are not marked up accordingly. One of the learned lessons of the previous experiments was that the regular expression RegExp substitutions are a very succinct  , efficient  , maintainable  , and scalable method to model many NL subtasks of the QA task. Question parsing and generating full questions is based on regular expression rewriting rules. We tag entities using a regular expression tagger  , a trie-based tagger and a scalable n-gram tagger 14. The regular expression states that a noun phrase can be a combination of common noun  , proper noun and numeral  , which begins with common or proper noun. These searching functions are rarely used on the Internet environment; the improvement is seldom used in the Internet. We then ran the test concretely with each segment as the input file and compared its result with the result of the known correct version of grep on the same segment and the same regular expression. We identified the segment on which the two outputs differed. Observe that this pattern of object creation  , method invocation and field accesses  , summarized as Regex. Matchstring; if getMatch. Success { getMatch. Groups }  , is a common way to use the Match type: the Match. Groups field is only relevant if the input string matched the regular expression  , given by the field Match. Success. To avoid ambiguity  , we insist that an atom in a domain specification be mentioned at most once. We have also manually investigated many of the signatures and found that they appear to be malicious. Initial template is constructed based on structure of one page and then it is generalized over set of pages by adding set of operators   , if the pages are structurally dissimilar. These properties may be written in a number of different specification formalisms  , such as temporal logics  , graphical finite-state machines  , or regular expression notations  , depending on the finite-state verification system that is being employed. Although there are sometimes theoretical differences in the expressive power of these languages  , these differences are rarely encountered in practice. Method gives access to the methods provided by a compo- nent. These queries range from retrieving all features of an instance to fine-grained queries like searching for all methods that have a particular return type and whose names match a regular expression. Their work is similar to the CA-FSM presented in this paper  , but they handle a wider class of queries  , including those with references. Once all chapter3 elements and figure elements are found  , those two element sets can be joined to produce all qualified chapter3-figure element pairs. The first string of the pattern i.e. If a participant performed a pattern-level query either a regular expression search or a node expansion on a node that was not included in the link level  , the corresponding dot is shown within the pattern-level only. Expansion of pattern level nodes in the link level are shown in the upper link level area. We check every answer's text body  , and if the text matches one of the answer patterns  , we consider the answer text to be relevant  , and non-relevant otherwise. For example  , a simple choice would be to define the start of each attribute that needs to be extracted by evaluating a regular expression on the HTML of the Yahoo! The linked geo data extension is implemented in Triplify by using a configuration with regular expression URL patterns which extract the geo coordinates  , radius and optionally a property with associated value and insert this information into an SQL query for retrieving corresponding points of interest. Densityr #regex successes rate 0.0  , 0.2  Experiments on partially covering samples. Each rule is structured as: Pattern  , Constraint  , Priority  , where Pattern is a regular expression containing a causality connector  , Constraint is a syntactic constraint on the sentence on which the pattern can be applied  , and Priority is the priority of the rule if several rules can be matched. Thus  , the crawler follows more links from relevant pages which are estimated by a binary classifier that uses keyword and regular expression matchings. If the content of a file is needed for character string operations such as a regular expression operation with the preg_match extension  , an FTCS object actually reads the file and stores its content in a form similar to an ordinary character string object. Example 7 illustrates this for geo-coordinates; we have used the same approach for dates. Summary. The Litowski files contain two pieces of information useful to evaluation: the documents from which answers are derived  , and an answer " pattern "   , expressed as a regular expression  , that maps to a specific answer or set of answers that can be found in the relevant documents. Parsing the topic question into relevant entities was done using a set of hand crafted regular expressions. The next step  , they ranked the entity based on similarity of the candidate entities and the target entity. To handle this 1-n generation  , we found it convenient to code the set of candidate answers using a regular expression. At the third step  , based on normalization dictionary Qnorm dic and WordNet  , each word in a question is converted into LSP code to be matched with the condition part of LSP grammar by regular expression. " Part-of-speech groups in close proximity to the answer  , which correlate to the question text are kept to ensure the meaning is retained: We then generalise the string to a suitable regular expression  , by removing stopwords and inserting named entity classes where appropriate. An approach that requires substantial manual knowledge engineering such as creating/editing an ontology  , compiling/revising a lexicon  , or crafting regular expression patterns/grammar rules is obviously limited in its accessibility  , especially if such work has to be repeated for every collection of descriptions. One of the learned lessons of the previous experiments was that the regular expression RegEx substitutions are a very succinct  , efficient  , maintainable  , and scalable method to model many NL subtasks of the QA task. For voice and plctures  , however  , patterns are not easy to detlne and they often require compllcated and tlmd oonsumlng pattern recognltlon technlauss rRsdd76. Recall that X is the source variable  , Y is the sink variable   , and the variables in v are the regular expression variables. A consequence of this is that all regular expression variables appear in the head of any base rule. The white space features:  At least four consecutive white space characters are found in data rows  , separating row headers from data  , and in titles that are centered. Other approaches such as D2RQ offer a limited set of built-in functions e.g. Another ap- proach 19 is to learn regular expression-like rules for data in each column and use these expressions to recognize new examples. For example  , the rewriting rule In some patterns  , the answer type is represented by one of the match constituents in the regular expression instead of one of the standard types  , e.g. Table 3shows our findings for the protein ferredoxin protein data bank ID 1DUR  , formerly 1FDX that shows two occurrences of this pattern. Documents were only allowed to appear in one category. When preparing a dynamic aspect  , the expression of the pointcut as well as the content of the interceptor depends on the type of the role interactions. In 2  Angluin showed that the problem of learning a regular expression of minimum size from positive and negative examples is NP-complete. No data type exists to speak of  , with the exception of strings  , whitespace-free strings  , and enumerations of strings. We download the unique web pages of deleted questions in our experimental dataset and employ a regular expression to extract this information. In spite of its reasonably acceptable performance  , it has an important drawback as a relevant page on the topic might be hardly reachable when this page is not pointed by pages relevant to the topic. Second  , automatically checking program outcomes requires a testing oracle  , which is often not available in practice  , and end-users should not be expected to provide it. propose a refinement of the approach presented in 11 for reachability formulae which combines state space reduction techniques and early evaluation of the regular expression in order to improve actual execution times when only a few variable parameters appear in the model. The next section discuss some properties of A; after which two methods of using A are presented that do not require that the regular expression for the paths be computed explicitly. However  , when one knows the primes that make up the program in advance such as with a gotoless programming language  , there is no need to compute the regular expression explicitly . A particular value in the value set is obtained by selecting an ADT for each generic type parameter and a value for each generic value parameter  , expanding the regular expression so that it contains only atoms  , and replacing each atom with a value instance from its ADT. This may be explained by Teleport's incorporation of both HTML tag parsing and regular expression-matching mechanisms  , as well as its ability to statically parse Javascripts and to generate simple form submission patterns for URL discovery. Note that we used a similar approach for Gnutella and Kazaa which both use the HTTP protocol for their data transfer. In addition to finding packets which identify a particular connection as belonging to a particular P2P application the classifier also maintains an accounting state about each TCP connection. For most locations that correspond to instances of simple types  , the constraints associated with a location can be represented as a regular expression most facets in XML Schema can be represented in this manner. In normalization   , we just directly fill the key with the related value. More specifically  , property-path expressions are regular expressions over properties edge labels in the graph. The document in the IFRAME is tiny:  This code assumes the existence of a get_secret function   , which can be implemented in a few lines of code that performs a regular expression match on document.cookie. In cases where only some of the domains in the certificate are served on this IP  , it is necessary to configure an explicit default host similar to the one given in Figure 10. For example the template page can be parsed by the legacy wiki engine page parser and " any character sequence " blocks or more specific blocks like " any blank character "  can be inserted where appropriate. So we use the following approach: We run the seed regular expression on the corpus and require occurrence of at least one seed term. The specification /abc|xyz/ is a regular expression representing the set of strings {abc  , xyz}. The table shows that the class of context-free languages is closed for a large proportion of the functions in PHP and thus they can be eliminated from a grammar. Also by merging smaller MDNs  , we increase the number of URLs corresponding to each central server  , which helps to generate more generic signatures. Third  , we identify features of signal clusters that are independent of any particular topic and that can be used to effectively rank the clusters by their likelihood of containing a disputed factual claim. Template similar to 1  , is a tree-based regular expression learnt over set of structures of pages within a site. Extensions to regular expression search would also be of interest. The most-matched rule is a long regular expression with many alternations that resulted in 56% of the rule matches. One version of the regular expression search-and-replace program replace limited the maximum input string to length 100 but the maximum allowed pattern to only 50. To select relevant portions of the DPRG to view to aid with the task at hand  , a developer can use two kinds of query operations: regular expression searching  , and node expan- sion. The results of the query also included the information that certain timeout values were involved in the non-blocking implementation. While those approaches also feature the negation of events  , precedence and timing constraints  , we believe that visual formalisms like V T S are better suited for expressing requirements . For custom parameterizations like the regular expression inference discussed above  , the user must define the cardinality function based on the parameterization. To be truly general-purpose  , a model management facility would need to factor out the inferencing engine module that can manipulate these expressions  , so that one could plug different inferencing engines into the facility. Bigrams  , with tagging .60 Results with the language model can be improved by heuristically combining the three best scoring models above unigrams with no tagging and the two bigram models.  Regular-Expression Matching: XTM provides the ability to search for text that matches a set of rules or patterns  , such as looking for phone numbers  , email addresses  , social-security numbers   , monetary values  , etc. For example  , query select project.#.publication selects all of the publications reachable from the project node via zero or more edges. The basic text substrings  , such as the target or named entities  , are recognized using regular expressions and replaced with an angle-bracket-delimited expression. We are continuing to study alternatives to this basic XPath expression  , such as using regular expressions  , allowing query expansion using synonyms  , and weighting the importance of terms. A gender-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for identification of patient's gender mentioned in visits. This is illustrated in Figure 7we see that both domain-tailored regular expression matching and an instance of the domain-trained IE system Amilcare 5 will be used side-by-side  , Amilcare learning from the successfully validated instances produced by the former. In the first step  , they utilized the 'target entity to retrieve web documents  , and then by using regular expression they retrieved the candidates from the text of the web documents. We have implemented all documented tgrep functions in our engine and have additionally implemented both regular expression matching of nodes and reflection-based runtime specification of predicate functions . — The TOMS automatically constructs a recognize function by using a pattemmatcher driven by a user's regular expression13. 0 Theorem 2.1 is a rather negative result  , since it implies that queries might require time which is exponential in the size of the db-graph  , not only the regular expression   , for their evaluation. The regular expression occurring in this query has an equivalent automaton with three states: the three regions correspond precisely to these states. View maintenance will be done differently after an update in region Rl than after updates in regions R2 or R3 respectively. In this respect  , the sink variable and regular expression variables play similar roles in that they appear in the same position in both the head of each rule and the IDB predicate in the body. A look at the Java-code indicates that Trang is related to but different from crx: it uses 2T-INF to construct an automaton  , eliminates cycles by merging all nodes in the same strongly connected component   , and then transforms the obtained DAG into a regular expression. This helps us encode certain type of trails as a regular expression over an alphabet. This artificial method can generate a new field sub-document which does not exist in actual multi-field document  , which is equivalent to increasing the statistical weight for some attributed texts  , and such texts often have an explicit optimal TC rule. The result shows that the structure completely supports regular expression functions and the Snort rule set at the frequency of 3.68GHz. Any regular expression is allowed; this can be simply a comma or slash for a split pattern or more complex expressions for a match pattern. However  , in OCR  , character : was often read as i or z. Luckily  , being a specialized domain with rigid conventions for writing   , e.g. This still left the problem of semantic disambiguation; in this case this concerned named entity recognition of persons  , places  , and military units. The main idea in the rule-based name recognition tool is to first search for full names within the text at hand. by enumeration  , via a regular expression  , or via ad hoc operators specific to text structure such as proximity  , positional and inclusion operators for instance  , in the style of the model for text structure presented in 14. Machine learning systems treat the SBD task as a classification problem  , using features such as word spelling  , capitalization  , sumx  , word class  , etc. DeLa discovers repeated patterns of the HTML tags within a Web page and expresses these repeated patterns with regular expression. RELATEDNESS QUERIES RQ A relatedness query is a connected directed graph the nodes and edges of which may be unlabeled and at least one of the edges is labeled with a regular expression over relationship labels. The extractor is implemented as a module that can be linked into other information integration systems. Such a template can be converted to a non deterministic regular expression by replacing hole markers with blocks of " any character sequence " which would be . The input of the system is a set of HTTPTraces  , which will be described in the following sections  , and the output is a set of regular expression signatures identifying central servers of MDNs. For an MDN with one or more central servers  , the third component generates regular expression signatures based on the URLs and also conducts signature pruning. For each question  , TREC provides a set of document identifiers which answer it  , a regular expression which the participant has to match to score  , and sometimes  , a snippet from the document that contains the answer. In brief  , template is a generalized tree-based regular expression over structure of pages seen till now. ' In the procedure for converting an SDTD into an XVPA defined in Theorem 1  , we chose a deterministic finite state automaton Dm corresponding to every regular expression dm. For temponym detection in text documents  , we adopt a similar approach and develop a rule-based system that uses similarity matching in a large dictionary of event names and known paraphrases. We present the rewrite rules in the order in which they are applied. The motivation for the definition of A stems from the desire to interpret the regular expressions for the paths through a program as an A expression. With these heuristics we aim for an accurate regular expression that is also simple and easy to understand. Grep takes a regular expression and a list of files and lists the lines of those files that match the pattern . When an aspect is enabled  , the display of any program text matched by the pattern is highlighted with the aspect's corresponding color. Since these SQL queries are derived from a single regular path expression  , they are likely to share many relational scans  , selections and joins. As shown in Figure 4  , each type of feature is represented by an interface that extends the IFeature interface. First the summary function of the call node must be computed from the regular expression for the arc language of the called prime program . Once a number has been located  , the following token is checked to see if the number can be further classified into a unit of measure. Applying a regular expression pattern   , such as " find capitalized phrases containing some numbers with length greater than two "   , on the text " The Nokia 6600 was one of the oldest models. " This was also observed in the context of lexical source-code transformations of arbitrary programming languages 2  , where it is an alternative to manipulations of the abstract syntax tree. Undoing these requires " physical undo "   , i.e. It was noted that few imputation methods outperformed the mean mode imputation MMI  , which is widely used. With this in mind  , in this study we tested some imputation methods. However  , the imputation performance of HI is unstable when the missing ratio increases. Rating imputation has been used previously in 3  , 11  , 16 to evaluate recommender system performance. AVID uses an approach which is based on estimating the uncertainties in imputation by using several bootstrap samples to build different imputation models and determining the variance ofthe imputed values. However  , imputation can be very expensive as it significantly increases the amount of ratings  , and inaccurate imputation may distort the data consider- ably 17. For the case that only the drive factors are incomplete  , LRSRI can obtain better imputation results than other imputation methods  , which indicates the effectiveness of the low-rank recovery technique with our designed data structurization strategy. Then  , we separately perform experiments to evaluate the imputation effects of our approach and the applicability of our imputation approach for different effort estimators. Rating imputation is prediction of ratings for items where we have implicit rating observations. Obviously  , this does require the imputation to be as accurate as possible. In addition  , we find that the performance differences of different imputation methods are slight on small datasets  , like Albrecht and Kemerer. As can be seen from these two tables  , our LRSRI approach outperforms other imputation methods  , especially for the case that both drive factors and effort labels are incomplete. These techniques are listwise deletion LD  , mean or mode single imputation MMSI and eight different types of hot deck single imputation HDSI. This also shows the importance of assigning a suitable imputation method in handling the dimension incomplete data.    , where the circled elements are added by the imputation strategy . Many data sets are incomplete. Hence  , how to develop an effective imputation approach according to the characteristics of effort data is an important research topic. Likewise   , the number of movies a person has rated is a very good method on the implicit rating prediction GROC plot. In this section  , we evaluate the proposed LRSRI approach for solving the effort data missing problem empirically. The first says that the imputation methods that fill in missing values outperform the case deletion and the lack of imputation. The problem here is determining how good the imputation model is for a candidate point  , when the true global values for this point are not known. Points for which the imputed global data has higher variances are points for which the global data can be guessed with less certainty from the local data. The problem of frequent model retraining and scalability results from the fact that the total number of users and items is usually very large in practical systems  , and new ratings are usually made by users continuously. The low-rank recovery with structurized data makes full use of the information of similar samples and the correlation of all the samples. Accurate effort prediction is a challenge in software engineering. Now we will give some detailed discussions on the imputation strategy ϕ and the distance function δ. There appears to be no significant difference among the single imputation techniques at the 1% level of significance. Approaches to the imputation of missing values has been extensively researched from a statistical perspective 7 ,11 ,12. First we can remark that the imputation accuracies are generally higher than with complete training data 11 . 41 developed the cyclic weighted median CWM method to solve Formula 1  , which achieves the state-of-the-art image data imputation performance. We implement rating imputation testing by taking held out observations from the MovieLens data and predicting ratings on this set. The methods proposed in this paper use data imputation as a component. Consider a dimension incomplete data object X obs . Their results further show that better performance would be obtained from applying imputation techniques.   , n |Q|−|X obs | } indicating on which dimensions the data elements are lost; 2. imputing the assigned dimensions according to the imputation strategy ϕ. . Kitchenham 9/0/0 8/1/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 Maxwell 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 Nasa93 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 In addition  , the results in Tables 8 and 9 are also consistent with results in Tables 2 and 4  , that is  , our imputation approach outperforms other imputation methods on specific estimators. The randomized ensemble of EMMI and FC which we shall now call FCMI achieves the highest accuracy rates compared to individual MDTs. For instance  , we can recommend first to users that on average rate movies higher in order to obtain better-than-random rating imputation GROC performance . imputation  inappropriate. The problem of imputation is thus: complete the database as well as possible. As noise is canceled   , the KM-imputed data has slightly lower complexity than the unseen original. The performance of the stacked model does not come without cost  , however. In this paper  , we introduce CWM into SEE for solving the drive factors missing problem. The NDCG results from the user dependent rating imputation method are shown in Table 2. Rating imputation measures success at filling in the missing values. However  , these solutions almost always undermine model performance as compared to that of a model induced from complete information . That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. We presented three KRIMP–based methods for imputation of incomplete datasets. All follow the MDL–principle: the completed database that can be compressed best is the best completed database. Without loss of generality  , in this paper  , we assume all imputed random variables are mutually independent and follow normal distribution. Taking missing value imputation as an example: missing values can be represented in the raw data in several ways  , then identified as such and coded as NAs. Secondly  , constructed data quality features were added to the original data and thirdly  , feature selection was applied to the second version to control the effect of adding features 2. imputation of missing values with class mean  , centering and scaling. Various solutions are available for learning models from incomplete data  , such as imputation methods 4. The imputation strategy depends on specific application scenarios and is independent of our method. The NDCG plots for the user independent rating imputation method are shown in Figure 4. Re-designing the aspect model training and test procedure for rating imputation and rating prediction will be a subject of future work. Let's say we are deciding between the heuristic recommender and the aspect model for implicit rating prediction. Apart from their base statistics  , we provide the baseline imputation accuracy on MCAR data as achieved by choosing the most frequent of the possible values. We use the closed frequent pattern set as candidates for KRIMP. From it  , we first notice that KM attains higher imputation accuracies than SEM for three out of the five datasets. Recent works alleviate this problem by introducing pseudo users that rate items 21  and imputing estimated rating data using some imputation tech- nique 39. Semisupervised learning is a popular machine learning manner  , which makes use of unlabeled training samples with a part of labeled samples for building the prediction model 4950. A surprising outcome of the empirical evaluation is the performance of so-called heuristic recommenders on the GROC curves. However   , through   , δ–correctness we can see that no magic is going on  , as for all datasets these scores actually did decrease ; the incomplete training data hinders both methods in grasping the true data distribution. Therefore  , the imputation method used in our experiment fits better for S&P500 data set. To overcome the problem of data sparsity  , earlier systems rely on imputation to fill in missing ratings and to make the rating matrix dense 28. c RBBDF matrix Figure 1: An example of RBBDF structure sparsity  , frequent model retraining and system scalability. Consequently   , when faced incomplete databases  , current mediators only provide the certain answers thereby sacrificing recall. Alternatively  , missing values can be imputed with several methods starting from simple imputation of the mean value of the feature for each missing value to complex modeling of missing values. To achieve such high quality imputation we use the practical variant of Kolmogorov complexity  , MDL minimum description length  , as our guiding principle: the completed database that can be compressed best is the best completion. For the specific case that only the drive factors are incomplete  , we structurize the effort data and employ the low-rank recovery technique for imputation. Number of missing values by row can be counted and constructed as a new feature. Transforming missing values can be done by imputing by mean of the variable and this imputation may be erroneous due to the outliers in the same variable. Thus data problems can intuitively be understood as objects having three distinct member functions: identification  , transformation and feature construction. The literature on missing data 1 ,12 ,18 provides several methods for data imputation that can be used for this purpose. Stacked models use the base model to impute the class labels on related instances   , which are then used by the second-level stacked model. This suggests an opportunity to explore alternative methods of imputation to achieve different feature weightings and reduce learning bias within a stacked framework. In practice  , the collected effort dataset may contain missing data at any locations  , including the missing of drive factors independent variables or effort labels dependent variables  , as shown in Figure 1. Their results further showed the importance of choosing an appropriate k value when using such a technique. Among imputation techniques  , the results are not so clear. In this context  , it is important to have schema level dependencies between attributes as well as distribution information over missing values. In real-world applications we may have data sets where implicit rating observations are available in large quantities   , but the rating component is missing at random. A similar situation is visible in the rating imputation GROC and CROC plots. As such  , it may be regarded as a crude form of k nearestneighbour imputation 12 which also requires a distance function on the data  , unlike our methods. From Q  , there are totally C |X obs | |Q| incomplete versions with dimensionality |X obs | that can be derived by removing values on some dimensions  , denoted by Q obs . Experiments in this section is to evaluate the effectiveness of our method on various data sets  , and with various Figure 3  , 4  , 5 and 6 show the quality of query result measured by precision and recall. The driving thought behind this approach is that a completion should comply to the local patterns in the database: not just filling in what globally would lead to the highest accuracy . However  , through iterative imputation   , KM is able to approximate the KRIMP complexity of the original data within a single percent. Note that some proposed features cannot be extracted from certain large-scale datasets  , e.g. To leverage this opportunity and address sparseness  , we employ imputation hereafter  , pc-IMP  as we can directly compute similarity between papers and citation papers  , unlike the case of the user-item matrix based CF which requires manual ratings. This is a variant of pc-SIM and consists of three steps: A2.1: Impute similarities between all papers  , recording them into an intermediate imputed paper-citation matrix Figure 3. Obviously  , there are C |X mis | |Q| possible dimension combinations for the missing data elements  , each of which could derive a recovery version X rv . Section 4 defines CyCLaDEs model. CyCLaDEs source code is available at: https://github.com/pfolz/cyclades 3 . If the structure exceeds w entries  , then CyCLaDEs removes the entry with the oldest timestamp. The setup environment is composed of an LDF server  , a reverse proxy and different number of clients. More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. Section 3 describes the general approach of CyCLaDEs. Section 5 reports our experimental results. Figure 3b describes the results obtained with CyCLaDEs activated. Figure 5 shows that performances of CyCLaDEs are quite similar. The main contributions of the paper are: More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. Each single user  , and each community of users  , can dynamically activate its own/shared working space. The current release of the CYCLADES system does not fully exploit the potentiality of the CS since it uses the CS only as a means to construct virtual information spaces that are semantically meaningful from some community's perspective. The requirements of both these systems highlighted the need for a virtual organization of the information space. The CYCLADES information space is thus potentially very large and heterogeneous. In particular  , in these experiments we generated randomly 200 collections using Dublin Core fields. Figure 3 shows a measure of this improvement. Finally  , Section 5 describes our future plans. Figure 3apresents results of the LDF clients without CyCLaDEs. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. In this section we exemplify what we have described so far by presenting two concrete applications in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET systems. In CyCLaDEs  , we want to apply the general approach of Behave for LDF clients. Otherwise  , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. Figure 7shows clearly that CyCLaDEs is able to build two clusters for both values of profile size. In particular  , it has been possible to: -simply organize the different user communities  , allowing for the different access rights. CYCLADES provides a suite of tools for personalizing information access and collaboration but is not targeted towards education or the uniqueness of accessing and manipulating geospatial and georeferenced content. Section 4 illustrates how this logical architecture has been implemented in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET DL systems and the advantages that the introduction of this service has brought to the their functionality. Moreover  , the list of ISs specified in the RC can be exploited by the CYCLADES search and browse services to improve their performance. Behavior cache reduces calls to an LDF server  , especially  , when the server hosts multiple datasets  , the HTTP cache could handle frequent queries on a dataset but cannot absorb all calls. CyCLaDEs aims at discovering and connecting dynamically LDF clients according to their behaviors. The CYCLADES system users do not know anything about the provenance of the underlying content. They create their own collections by simply giving a MC that characterizes their information needs and do not provide any indication about which are the ISs that store these documents. Services such as search and browse are activated on the restricted information space described by the collection  , but this is the only customization option. Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. CYCLADES includes a recommender system that is able to recommend a collection to a user on the basis of his own profile and the collection content  , so all resources belonging to a collection are discovered together. foundation for more informed statements about the issues critical to the success of our field. For example  , Smeaton and Callan 29 describe the characteristics of personalization  , recommendation  , and social aspects in next generation digital libraries  , while 1  , 26 describe an implementation of personalized recommender services in the CYCLADES digital library environment. In this paper  , we propose CyCLaDEs an approach that allows to build a behavioral decentralized cache hosted by LDF clients. In this paper  , we presented CyCLaDEs  , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. By reducing the information space to a meaningful subset  , the collections play the role of a partitioning query as described in 10  , i. e. they define a " searchable " subset of the documents which is likely to contain the desired ones. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality. We consider the CS we described in this paper as a first prototype of a more general " mediator infrastructure service " that can be used by the other DL services to efficiently and effectively implement a dynamic set of virtual libraries that match the user expectations upon the concrete heterogeneous information sources and services. ADEPT supports the creation of personalized digital libraries of geospatial information  " learning spaces "  but owns its resources unlike in G-Portal where the development of the collection depends mainly on users' contributions as well as on the discovery and acquisition of external resources such as geography-related Web sites. CYCLADES 3 is an OAI 6 service provider that implements an open collaborative virtual archive service environment supporting both single scholars as well as scholarly communities in carrying out their work. The Collection Service described here has been experimented so far in two DL systems funded by the V Framework Programme  , CYCLADES IST-2000-25456 and SCHOLNET IST-1999-20664  , but it is quite general and can be applied to many other component-based DL architectural frameworks. 14 is a non-trivial task because it needs to search over all possible ranking combinations . Cancel stops a search in progress. The search is terminated when the stack is empty. The choice of a stack indicates our preference for a 'depth-first-search' exploration from the starting assembled configuration. The search follows scoping rules. Stack Search Maximizing Eq. In order to remember a yet-to-be visited node on the stack  , we push the pointer and the LSN we found in the corresponding entry. Stack Skyline points SL Finally  , p8  , p9 dominated by {p1} in SL is skipped and the search completes. Such a search engine might retrieve a number of components that contain the word Stack somewhere maybe they use a Stack  , but only very few of them implement the appropriate data structure. This is implemented by the following pseudo code: new command name: ALL OPERATION; move the cursor to the form with heading DATA ABSTRACTION: stack; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; loop: while there is child form with heading OPERATION ; display the operation name and its I/0 entry; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; end loop ; The extended command ALL__OPERATION stack displays useful methodology oriented information and greatly reduces the number of key strokes n ec essary. The simplest rule is to follow strictly the structure of the stack  , from the top down towards the bottom. Web pages on stackoverflow .com are optimized towards search engines and performance . See 21 for discussion on the impact of search order on distance computation. This is effectively done in the same cycle that the search is conducted. The stack enables the testing of parent-child and ancestor-descendant relationships and limits the search space during the subsequence matching. By complementing part of the search result before OR'ing  , and complementing the result that is entered in the stack  , and AND'ing operation is possible. The Limpid Desk system meets our requirement of giving simple access to physical documents. The Limpid Desk supports physical search interaction techniques  , such as 'stack browsing' in which the upper layer documents are transparentized one by one through to the bottom of the stack. Find takes the following arguments: stack  , which contains the nodes on the path from the root to the current node of Find Find starts tree traversal from the top node of the stack; if the stack is empty  , the root of the tree is assumed; search-key  , the key value being sought; lock-mode  , a flag which indicates whether an exclusive lock  , shared lock  , or neither should be obtained on the key returned by Find; and latch-mode  , a flag which if True indicates that the node at which Find terminates should be latched exclusively. In particular  , suppose that peek and search are the features or operations to be added and that PeekCapability and SearchCapability are the interfaces that define these two features  , respectively. Shown below is an interface to add the peek operation: public interface PeekCapability extends Stack { Object peek; } The first difference in implementation with enhancements arises in implementing a feature  , such as peek. The search terminates when it finds a section that contains one or more such binders. Note that this is not the standard representation of discrete domains in CP. These candidates are incomplete solutions till rank i. The Q qualification bit in delimiter words is used to mark qualified nodes that will be searched. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. The common approach which we follow here is that the scopes are organized in an environment stack with the " search from the top " rule. Plurality is implemented using Apache's Solr – a web services stack built over the Lucene search engine – to provide real-time tag suggestions. In the past  , randomized techniques have been combined with more deliberate methods to great success . They developed an improved search engine for content on Stack Overflow which recommends question-and-answer pairs as opposed to entire Q&A threads based on a query. The swap operation on two top bits allows us to preserve the search result of two separate traces. many cases  , the children depended on their parent's guidance through joint search in the stack or library  , but we observed that in 34 groups the children chose their own books. Rather  , the back-trail is kept by temporarily reversing pointers during the initial search. In the second version a compactification of code is achieved by a suitable "renaming" imposed on D. In the third version  , the search trail is kept in D itself and the appropriate pointers are restored as the backscan occurs. Duplication is useful in the case when the record is to be used as context for another operation which consumes the top bit. Forward moves in the opposite direction through the results stack. For a given set of forms  , the expert programmer can implement extended commands which are more friendly and optimal in terms of key strokes. The results obtained from a search driven by the above test for a stack are summarized in the first row of The second row of the table shows how many functionally equivalent components are returned when a more elaborate test is used to drive the search. As expected  , the number of results is lower because fewer components were able to pass the more stringent tests. In an evaluation  , the authors found that the inclusion of different types of contextual information associated with an exception can enhance the accuracy of recommendations. Some extensions to the structure of stacks used in PLs are necessary to accommodate in particular the fact that in a database we have persistent and bulk data structures. A bit can also be popped from this bit stack to enable rewriting words in the qualified records in the subtree. This is useful in the situation where we want to trace two link lists to find their intersections. The operands for long instructions can be immediate operands i.e. A local push-down stack is a suitable device to save the successive nodes of such a path together with an indication of the direction from which they were exited. Required hardware can be emulated in software on current more powerful computers   , and therefore emulators can reproduce a document's exact appearance and behavior. However  , s contains concrete memory addresses in order to identify events accessing shared memory locations. Two additional Javascript libraries provided the time-line 2 and rectangular area select for copy/paste 3 capabilities. The library will contain several features to extend the Stack interface  , such as peek and search among others. For example  , to switch the implementations in myStack declaration  , only a local modification is necessary as shown below: Once a Stack with appropriate features is created  , the operations of the base type stack push  , pop  , empty can be called directly as in the call below: myStack.push"abc"; In general  , a cast is needed to call an enhanced operation  , though it can be avoided if only one enhancement is added: SearchCapabilitymyStack.search; This flexibility allows implementations to be changed  , at a single location in the code. The ranking criteria used by their approach consists of the textual similarity of the question-and-answer pairs to the query and the quality of these pairs. This helps in alleviating an inherent limitation of symbolic execution by building on results from tools that do not suffer from the same limitation. We would like to add the document content to a search engine or send the document to others to read without the overhead of the emulation stack  , but cannot. To show that these results also hold for code programmers struggle to write  , we repeated the same experiment on code snippets gathered from questions asked on the popular Stack Overflow website. Nevertheless  , configurations MAY and MAY × MUST overall reach significantly fewer bounds than PV for instance  , the max-stack bound is never reached by pruning verified parts of the search space. We could use a tool such as grep to search for this.idIndex  , but such an approach is very crude and may match statements unrelated to the crash. During systematic concurrency testing  , ρ is stored in a search stack S. We call s ∈ S an abstract state  , because unlike a concrete program state  , s does not store the actual valuation of all program variables. 34 of the 51 interviewed participants had searched the catalogue before entering the stack; 16 had searched the online catalogue using a library computer see Fig. The query descriptor is assembled by the parser and passed as a parameter into the search function  , which then uses SAPI functions to extract the operator and the qualification constants. When Find is called on behalf of a read-only transaction lock-mode is None indicating no lock  , and latch-mode is False. The following nine subjects are simple data structures: binheap implements priority queues with binomial heaps 48; bst implements a set using binary search trees 49 ; deque implements a double-ended queue using doubly-linked lists 8; fibheap is an implementation of priority queues using Fibonacci heaps 48 ; heaparray is an array-based implementation of priority queues 3 ,49 ; queue is an object queue implemented using two stacks 10; stack is an object stack 10; treemap implements maps using red-black trees based on Java collection 1.4 3 ,48 ,49 ; ubstack is an array-based implementation of a stack bounded in size  , storing integers without repetition 7  , 30  , 42. If the client wants to choose the implementations ArrayImpl for Stack interface  , PeekImpl1 for PeekCapability  , and SearchImpl for SearchCapability  , then using the code pattern proposed in Section 4 of this paper  , the following declaration can be used: In particular  , suppose that peek and search are the features or operations to be added and that PeekCapability and SearchCapability are the interfaces that define these two features  , respectively. RDF is the core part of the Semantic Web stack and defines the abstract data model for the Semantic Web in the form of triples that express the connection between web resources and provide property values describing resources. Later  , when the designer needs to model the transport system between production cells of the flexible manufacturing system  , he can search in the repository and recover candidates models for reuse. Figure 7shows classification data for all VCs generated from a sample catalog of RESOLVE component client code that relies on existing  , formally-specified components to implement extensions  , which add additional functionality e.g. This confirms that the search of CnC is much more directed and deeper  , yet does not miss any errors uncovered by random testing. This approach is a core of the definiton of query operators  , including selection  , projection/navigation  , join  , and quantifiers. To maximize the CPU utilization efficiency  , the data manipulation is structured as non-blocking with respect to the following I/O operations: transfer of input data for procedures among cluster nodes  , other request/reply communication between search engine components on different cluster nodes  , HTTP communication with web servers  , and local disk reads and writes. The search capability to the interface was built using AJAX calls to the Solr server  , with a jQuery " stack " to provide the bulk of the interactive features: jQuery-UI and the pan-andzoom jQuery plugin 1 in particular. WNB-G-MCMC also performs slightly better than WNB-MCMC. The first 1 ,000 iterations of MCMC chains were discarded as an initial burn-in period. Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd  , thus  , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. Then  , further simulations were performed. The experimental results are shown in Table 2The second observation is that the combined methods WNB-G-HC and G-MCMC outperform slightly the original methods WNB-G  , WNB-HC and WNB-MCMC. After a certain period  , a generated realization of MCMC sample can be treated as a dependent sample from the posterior distribution. As experimentation of our approach  , we choose GoldDLP 1   , an ontology describing a financial domain. Since the bed model was representable  , this indicates a failure in the MCMC estimator. By contrast to 5  , which uses MCMC to obtain samples from the model posterior  , we utilize L-BFGS 18 to directly maximize the model log-probability. We plan on investigating the use of different estimators in future work. Moreover  , applying MCMC to our proposal distribution significantly improves the SLAM performance. The main difference with Eq. Using MCMC  , we queried for the probability of an individual being a ProblemLoan. In the second experiment  , the robot moved along a corridor environment about 60 meters while capturing images under varying illumination conditions  , as shown in Fig. The successive samples evolve from a large population with many redundant data points to a small population with few redundant data points. Instead  , we draw the samplê Y just once before we begin optimizing w  , but we drawˆYdrawˆ drawˆY using the following strategy:  Choose restart states to span a variety of Δs. We use a JAVA MCMC program to obtain samples from the joint posterior distribution described in Equation 1. In the next experiment  , we captured the image sequence while driving a car about 2 kilometers with a stereo camera  , as shown in Fig. In our application  , the total number of MCMC iterations is chosen to be 2 ,000. Finally   , if the effective number of particles �ωt� −2 2 falls below a threshold we stochastically replicate each particle based on its normalized weight. The use of beta conjugate priors ensures that no expensive computational methods such as MCMC are necessary 12  , so the model is trained and applied fast enough to be used on-line. which has the intuitive explanation that the weight for particle f is updated by multiplying in the marginal probability of the new observation xtd  , which we compute from the last 10 samples of the MCMC sweep over a given document. The duration of the burn-in period was determined by running three MCMC chains in parallel and monitoring the convergence of predictions. To encourage diversity in those replicated particles  , we select a small number of documents 10 in our implementation from the recent 1000 documents  , and do a single MCMC sweep over them  , and then finally reset the weight of each particle to uniform. We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. First  , we used the data extracted from DBpedia consisting of the 52 numeric & textual data properties of the City class to test our proposed overall approach SemanticTyper. It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. Random SearchAb1 : basic strategy : the ability to find task by moving random direction. Specifically for automated repair   , for random search one candidate patch can be discarded immediately once the patch is regarded as invalid. However  , for the satellite docking operation  , the random search found only one feasible solution in 750 ,000 function evaluations 64 hours on 24 Sparc workstations. The heuristic makes this approach more efficient than a purely random search. However  , such random search techniques have produced some of the best results on practical planning problems. They follow walls and turn at random at intersections. GP has been shown to perform well under such conditions. Hence  , the Random Walk served as the search performance lower-bound. One is random search Random 1  , the only fully parallelizable strategy besides A-SMFO. Then we compare to different variations of the SMBO framework. The search space is uniformly sampled at random. Step Three  , Random Baseline  , was omitted. Models & Parameters. One might expect that  , if samples are truly random and sufficiently large  , different random samples would produce stable effectiveness of the search system in terms of precision or nDCG. The search space is all possible poses within The " center-of-mass " search designated in this paper as C similarly divides the search space into pose cells  , but picks a random pose within each pose cell and uses those random poses to compute a set of match scores that are distributed throughout the search space. The single search box has the option to switch to the advanced mode. These search results were then presented in random order to the disambiguation system. The results cate our method depends on the quality of the search engine search results. We developed a Random Searcher Model to discover the holdings of archives that support fulltext search. It is parallelizable which is only possible for grid search and random search while all other tuning strategies are not trivially parallelizable. Another was to search for subjects of interest to the participant  , and to look through the search results until something worth keeping was found. valid patches much faster  , in terms of requiring fewer patch trials 1   , than random search. The popularity increase is much more sudden under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model. Search US query logs in February 2007. The experimental results are in Table 1. Random search techniques  , on the other hand  , are probabilistically complete but may take a long time to find a solution 12 . One was to request random pages from the search engine  , and to keep looking at random pages until one struck their fancy. The sequences composed of a random walk followed by gradient descent search are repeated for a predetermined number K of trials or until a better node is found. Random-based techniques generate tests by randomly assembling method calls into concurrent tests. While randomized  , however  , GAS are by no means a simple random-walk approach. We perform this ordering-space-search for 100 random trials. 2 Each robot search samples by random walk because there is no information about the sample location. = DispersionAb2: the ability of a group of agent to spread out in order to establish and maintain some minimum inter-agent distance. To address this discrepancy  , we now extend the topic-driven random-surfer model as follows: That is  , the user clicks that the search engine observes is not based on the topic-driven random surfer model; instead the user's clicks are heavily affected by the rankings of search results. Even when keyword search is used to select all training documents  , the result is generally superior to that achieved when random selection is used. Of these  , the location of minimum error is the start point for a directed search that is based on steepest descent. Here  , n ringers are constructed by encrypting a random plaintext Pr with a random key kr to obtain the ringer's ciphertext Cr. If the observed number of occurrences is more than 3 standard deviations greater than expected  , the search term and n-gram are unlikely to occur together by random chance. The random-surfer model captures the case when the users are not influenced by search engines. It was common  , for example   , to find programs where  , given a few hundred random searches  , the fastest search order outperformed the slowest by four or five orders of magnitude. 2 We see that by combining the topic models with random walk  , we can significantly enhance the ranking the simple multiplication to combine the relevance scores by the topic model with the score from the random walking model while the second method integrates the topic model directly into the random walk. Our work addresses random generation of unit tests for object-oriented programs. Note that the proposed search-result-based approach produced better translations than the anchor-text-based approach for the random Web queries. The random walk as defined does not converge to the uniform distribution. Each random access includes at most m times of binary search on the sorted lists that have been loaded in memory and the cost of random access is moderate. To cope with this challenging problem  , we leverage the search function of the G+ API to efficiently identify a large number of seemingly random users. RANDOOP is closer to the other side of the random-systematic spectrum: it is primarily a random input generator  , but uses techniques that impose some systematization in the search to make it more effective . Templates that did not have any matching queries were excluded. For the medical track the Search by Strategy framework of Spinque was deployed. Instead   , a discrete random search technique can be used for efficiency. It has some limitations due to stochastic search. Random pictures can be renewed on demand by the user. Active search -Active tactile search for object indentification and determination of position and attitude is central to achieving adequate manipulation and assembly capability. For each  , we obtained matching queries from a uniform random sample of all recent search queries submitted to the search engine in the United States. Our final data set consisted of 224k search sessions  , corresponding to 88k users. The dataset comprises a set of approximately one million queries selected uniformly at random from the search sessions. Additionally  , it only depends on the training meta-data and not on the currently evaluated data set. If the search succeeds  , then the equivalence check returns false and the oracle reports a failure. Overall  , 30% of Search Quality sites and 50% of Safe Browsing sites rank low enough to receive limited search traction. Next  , we consider each search engine to be a random capture of the document population at a certain time. Table 8shows the reverse ratio for each method. For simplicity  , we assume terms occur independently and follow Poisson statistics. As we showed before  , functions could be expressed by trees. It has been shown that  , depending on the structure of the search space  , in some applications it may outperform techniques based on local search 7. The subjects were asked to select as many restaurants relevant to a presented search intent as possible. A randomized search strategy builds one or more stud solutions and tries to improve them by applying random transformations . In each search task  , participants were required to read task description  , complete pre-and post-questionnaires  , and search information on Wikipedia using either of the two user interfaces. The meta-search interface presented the documents retrieved in random order  , with no indication of the system from which each was drawn. These URIs are then utilized to build archive profiles. After submissions began  , the echo Step Five  , multimodal search began  , including predictive coding features  , with iterated training. Whenever it is found  , its random access address is remembered for the duration of the search of that subtree for S. P. P# = 200. We refer to this approach as Sampled Expected Utility. Finally  , the search box provides random access to any item. Each sampler was allowed to submit exactly 5 million queries to the search engine. propose the ObjectRank system 3 which applies the random walk model to keyword search in databases modelled as labelled graphs. 18 have examined contextual search and name disambiguation in email messages using graphs  , employing random walks on graphs to disambiguate names. During each search a random series of digits between one and five were played into their headphones. We had a collection of 973948 messages from the Microsoft.public. To date  , tasks are routed to individual workers in a random manner. They efficiently exploit historical information to speculate on new search nodes with expected improved performance. 7represents the convergent rate of J. Randomly generate an initial population of particles with random positions and velocities within a search space. We perform the optimization using a combination of random search and gradient descent with numerical gradient computation. show that even a single user adopts different interaction modes that include goal oriented search  , general purpose browsing and random browsing 8. We proposed to tackle this problem by random walk on the query logs. Mimic uses random search inspired by machine learning techniques . 12 mobile search query logs. First is a random snippet from the list of possible snippets for the document. They efficiently exploit hBtorical information to speculate on new search nodes with expected improved performance. Table IIshows the comparison of the results obtained using single-modal features. As described earlier  , random search is unguided  , and thus requires no fitness evaluation. After an initial random run shown using the thin jagged lines  , constraint solving tries to exhaustively search part of the state space. Obtaining a random sample from an uncooperative search engine is a non-trivial task. In addition  , before the main loop is executed  , R*GPU generates K random successors of the start state. Caching is an important optimization in search engine architectures . Using a depth-first search-based summary method DFS does not perform well in our experiments. Fuzzy-fingerprinting FF is a hash-based search method specifically designed for text-based information retrieval. However  , it is intuitively clear that any search routine could converge faster if starting points are good solutions. After that search is carried out among this population. The evolutionary search method starts with a population of p random solutions. All collision-free samples are added to the roadmap and checked for connections with all connected components. 9 have developed an OR-parallel formulat.ion of F:PP based on random competition parallel search ll. The interleaving of random and symbolic techniques is the crucial insight that distinguishes hybrid concolic testing from a na¨ıvena¨ıve approach that simply runs random and concolic tests in parallel on a program. Hence other search mechanisms like random search and exhaustive search would take inordinate time 20. That is  , the user clicks that the search engine observes is not based on the topic-driven random surfer model; instead the user's clicks are heavily affected by the rankings of search results. More formally  , if S is a random variable representing a search  , and acceptables is an indicator function denoting whether a particular search s has an acceptable result  , we define: A reliable search method would achieve an acceptable search most of the time. In this scenario  , teleportation is also generally performed via visits to a search engine and a user is more likely to " teleport " to a related or similar page instead of a random page in a search session. The match scores are normalized to the range 0 ,1  , raised to the fourth power to exaggerate the peak  , and then a center-of mass calculation is performed for all cells. After a random number of forward and backward movements along the ranked list  , the user will end their search and we will evaluate the total utility provided by the system to them by taking the average of the precision of the judged relevant documents they has considered during their search. To tackle the problem   , we presented a novel random walk model that incorporates the inferred search impact of pages into the standard connectivity-based page importance computation. From that page it is possible to perform a full-text search  , a similarity search starting from one of the random selected images. Consequently  , the search procedure changes from a random search t o a well informed search  , where the existence of the solution is known a priori. – Random query terms are sent to the fulltext search interface of the archive if present and from the search response we learn the URIs that it holds. Keyword search refers to such search behavior demonstrated by a random visitor to the forum site  , who may or may not have participated in the forum discussions in the past. We cannot assume any information about the searcher  , and cannot provide a personalized search for this user 1 . This is in contrast with techniques  , such as random sample consensus RANSAC 4  , which first find appearance-based matches globally and then enforce geometric consistency. Thus  , in the rest of this paper  , we try to examine the impact of search engines theoretically by analyzing two Web-surfing models: the random-surfer model and the searchdominant model. It means that if a page becomes popular within one year when search engines do not exist  , it takes 66 years when search engines dominate users' browsing pattern! Search for 30 ,000 random elements -To measure the retrieval speed of the indices  , each index was searched for 30 ,000 different elements  , with each element requiring a new search. To come to our classification schemes  , we sampled random queries from our log data. Educational tasks were completed in a random but fixed order; search tool order was systematically varied across participants. The primary difference between these methods and our proposed approach is that we do not require the search to expand the generated subgoal  , or a random successor in the case of R*. The Minimum and Maximum values are the observed minimum and maximum number of states explored by a random search in the pool. If an n-gram occurs more frequently in a search result than expected by random chance  , there may be a relationship between the n-gram and the search term. This measure indicates how likely a method will reverse the order of a random pair of search results returned by the search engine. R* search 13 is a randomized version of A* search that aims to circumvent local minima by generating random successors for a state  , and then solving a series of short-range local planning problems on demand. The organization of this paper is as follows: Section 2 outlines the definition of dedi-ous workspace and its significance in computing the inverse solutions. Therefore  , our model disguises a user's true search intents through plausible cover queries such that search engines cannot easily recognize them. Then  , we extracted a random sample of the search sessions of those " switching-tolerant " users from the period under study. The performance of the translation of popular Web queries was better than that of random Web queries because random Web queries were too diverse. A random search is asked the same problem and the results figure 7 right show that the intelligence included in genetic optimization is far superior to the random search. Indeed  , the best solution is hardly improved and the population is vowed to stagnation . The random testing phase takes a couple of minutes to reach state=9. Variants of TA have been studied for multimedia similarity search 12 ,31   , ranking query results from structured databases 1  , and distributed preference queries over heterogeneous Internet sources such as digital libraries   , restaurant reviews  , street finders  , etc. A random walk doesn't work for generating table values because the distance of a random walk is related to the square root of the number of time steps. This difference is due to the fact that random pages tend to have more dynamic content than high-quality ones  , perhaps aimed at attracting the attention of search engines and users. Thus the random-order index has to be stored separately from the search index which doubles the storage cost. This query-dependent model addressed the efficiency issue in random walk by constructing a subset of nodes in the click graph based on a depth-first search from the target node. Our approach and more systematic approaches represent different tradeoffs of completeness and scalability  , and thus complement each other. Search results often contain duplicate documents  , which contain the same content but have different URLs. The random relative access rate tells which fraction of clicks will be made on links with a specific property if the user selects links in the search results list randomly. The random test case generation technique requires ranges within which to randomly select input values  , and the chaining technique needs to know the edge of its search space. Compared to blind random search optimization the convergence speed is similar but the learning strategy finds significantly better gaits  , e.g. The two planners presented in :section 3.1  , greedy search which planned ahead to the first scan in a path  , and the random walk which explored in a random fashion  , were tested in the simulation world described above. In both cases the robot started with no a priori knowledge of the environment. The total evolution time is about 6 hours on a SUN/SPARC5 workstation. In order to mitigate the problems that are a result of the depth first search we use  , we generated tests with different seeds for the random number generator: for each test case specification  , fifteen test suites with different seeds were computed. The other one is a widely used approach in practice  , which first randomly selects queries and then select top k relevant documents for each query based on current ranking functions such as top k Web sites returned by the current search engine23 . The same sets of images and the same searches were used for all subjects  , but each subject carried out a different search on a particular set. We show in this paper that this expectation does not hold in practice. He collected the following kinds of pairs of Web pages: Random: Two different pages were sampled uniformly at random uar from the collection. These nodes are treated by making a random jump whenever the random walk enters a dangling node. As a key factor for efficient performance  , it must be careful about random accesses to index structures  , because random accesses are one or two orders of magnitude more expensive than the amortized cost of a sequential access. The queries were drawn from the logs uniformly at random by token without replacement  , resulting in a query sample representative of the overall query distribution. As the baseline frontier prioritization techniques  , we evaluate the following five approaches:  Random: Frontier pages are crawled in a random order. Qin and Henrich 2G  have pursued an AND-parallel approach which generates random subgoals and t ,hen tries to connect theni in parallel with t.he initial and final configurations. In other applications such as personalized search and query suggestion  , random walks are used to discover relevant entities spread out in the entire graph  , so a small restart probability is favorable in these cases. However  , once it obtains a reasonable ranking in the search result  , it garners significantly more traffic than under the random-surfer model  , so its popularity increases very quickly as long as it is of high quality. Each randomized search used a distinct seed generated from a pseudo-random sequence  , and was limited to one hour of execution time and 2GB of memory  , with the exception of BoundedBuffer. For example  , consider the comment of the focus group participant who critiqued the relative difficulty of browsing in MIR systems  " You also can't choose random CDs  , which I suppose is the advantage of shops as you can just search at random " ; Section 4.1. We then perform a random walk over the graph  , using query-URLquery transitions associated with weights on the edges i.e. If the search is successful  , then the ancestor mark bit can be set because its random access address was saved. This is directly confirmed in the reported results in 59  , in which in half of the case study the average number of fitness evaluations per run is at most 41  , thus implying that  , on average  , appropriate patches are found in the random initialization of the first population before the actual evolutionary search even starts. Even though the search space is very large  , it could be possible that a large percentage of all candidate designs are acceptably good solutions for this example   , a feasible solution  , which does not violate any task constraints  , is considered to be acceptably good. Figure 3shows the recursive procedure  , which is based upon depth--rst search. One scenario is that no range information is available. To assess the theoretical suitability of different folksonomies for decentralized search we plot the distance distribution first. Since the search engine mainly " promotes " popular pages by returning them at the top  , they are visited more often than under the random-surfer model. In the next section  , we present empirical evidences that lead to Proposition 3. keeping clicking on the links between Web pages or through some Web page search engines or some combination 2 . The odds of a random function returning the right results in these cases is quite small. While random generation showed promising results  , it would be useful to consider a more guided search for test generation. Figure 11 shows the response time results for the recursive random search combined with LHS. Participants " accepted " any Web site that they identified as a g ood match for their task goals and classroom context. " We have also assessed the effect of social navigation support on how the search results are used. In order to explore the search space  , we solve the problem of efficiently generating random  , uniformlydistributed execution plans  , for acyclic queries. The search was repeated for 50 trials using a different subsequence as query. This involves collecting the data from the streaming API without any search terms  , thereby receiving a random selection. There were a few selections for which the search engine did not return any result. This was our motivation for starting with a random sample of actual user queries. We show an example of a probabilistically deaened search space in Figure 3  , which includes an ëactual" aeeld obtained by a random generation of object locations from this probabilistic data. A random walk is then conducted on this subgraph and hitting time is computed for all the query nodes. We obtained 343 random queries from Microsoft Help and Support Search Query logs. On each capture  , the returned documents are captured and recorded. Graph 6.4 plots the search time number of random disk accesses for the postings file  , for the FCHAIN method. In the second step  , two search intents were assigned and presented in random order to each subject. They use a bitmap of the workspace and and construct numerical potential fields. Then  , the CONNECT function generates the trajectory for object orientations  , which connects Rand to a , , , ,. Otherwise  , highly exploratory EAs hardly find good local solution as well as random search does. Previous works based on this approach yield to interesting results but under restrictions on the manip ulator kinematics. The ad-hoc policy results in probabilistic updates  , and a search based on manually generated heuristics and some random actions 23. Each invocation produces an index into the list of zy pairs  , thereby defining a contour point. Random restarts were applied to initial weights to allow the optimizer to find a reasonable solution. Another recent approach called DOC 14  uses a random seed of points to guide a greedy search for subspace clusters. This dataset was extracted from random queries sampled from Yahoo! Mimic focuses on relatively small but potentially complex code snippets  , whereas Pasket synthesizes large amounts of code based on design patterns. The computer presented one random photo after another to one of the experimenters. Using the intersection of these two captures  , we estimate the entire size of the population. 5A distributed selective search performs better with content basis category partitioning of the collection than near random partitioning. For compound digital objects  , including text  , audio  , and video resources  , it is necessary to provide convenient random access to digital contents. The authors describe a technique which uses random walks to estimate the RankMass of a search engine's index. where random is a randomly generated number between 0 and 3. The model we have explored thus far assumes that users make visit to pages only by querying a search engineFigure 12: Influence of the extent of random surfing. If no pre-existing example image is available  , random images from the collection may be presented to the user  , or a sketch interface may be used. We apply the Lucene 3 search engine  , under its default settings  , for searching over this collection. To our knowledge  , this is the first time such a Multi-Start/Iterated Local Search scheme 7 has been combined with OLS. Among all proposals   , random walk-based methods 20  , 17  , 19  have exhibited noticeable performance improvement when comparing to other models. In the following sections  , we only considered these 490 regular selections and 299 random mentions. Making evaluations for personalized search is a challenge since relevance judgments can only be assessed by end-users 8. This scheme led to a practical implementation and we demonstrated that it solves complex and realistic manipulation tasks involving objects and fingertips of various shapes. Performing a random walk over the graph  , using query- URL-query transitions associated with weights on the edges i.e. Regarding minimality  , DFSModify performs a random search on the automaton graph. From this it appears that the effects of random walk searches produce equivalent results as an exhaustive search. Extensive researches on the optimal parameters for the balance of exploration and exploitation were performed2 3. In this paper  , we propose to exploit ray tracing techniques to guide our search for connections between CCs. Experimental results show that our approach outperforms the baseline methods and the existing systems. In this way  , concolic testing does eventually hit the coverage points in the vicinity of the random execution  , but the expense of exhaustive searching means that many other coverage points in the program state space can remain uncovered while concolic testing is stuck searching one part Figure 2 b switches to inexpensive random testing as soon as it identifies some uncovered point  , relying on fast random testing to explore as much of the state space as possible. Figure 1illustrates the perplexity of language models from different sources tested on a random sample of 733 ,147 queries from the search engine's May 2009 query log. Despite the above obstacles  , our experiments – over a corpus of approximately 500 stories from Yahoo! To evaluate the quality of our implicit transcripts  , we collected a random sample of voice queries impressions submitted to Bing search engine during November 2014 and transcribed them implicitly. They never use a search engine that recommends pages based on their current popularity. In this model  , Web users discover new pages simply by surfing the Web  , just following links. Performance should be slightly better when starting with a hot cache. Figure 4shows the number of results returned by the two approaches for the 316 queries. The assumption is that manually written tests for a certain class have inputs more likely to reveal faults than random ones. The Central Limit theorem states that the sum of n random variables converges to a normal distribution 17 . The Point of Diminishing Returns PDR values are explained in Section 5.2. We experimented with ways to initialize the starting values. 3.11M 7.4% of these are for documents which were classified as Single/In Window/Episodic in the previous section i.e. A pseudo-random approach was used to insure that all topic and system order effects were nullified. a suite of state-of-the-art search techniques through a user-friendly interface. It is based on choosing explicitly  , at each instant  , a possible quasi-static motion of the system by using a random search. The performance of this scheme varies significantly from run to run. Whereas gradient methods change the variables according to determiiiistic rules  , GAS are based on random transition rules. The general idea in these methods is t o incrementally build a search graph from the initial state and extend it toward the goal state. If the heuristics guides the search to a local minimum  , a random subgoal is generated and the heuristic strategy is attempted via the subgoal configuration. We implemented the different methods for list materialization  , namely Random  , TopDown  , BottomUp  , and CostBased as discussed in Section 3.2.2. The STS corpus is a collection of 1.6 million English tweets collected by submitting queries with positive and negative emoticons to the Twitter search API. The Tsetlin automaton can be thought of as a finite state automaton controlling two search strategies. 0 ~ 1 in random directions and the hounding surface of the C-obstacle is located by means of binary search. The second step is the roadmap connection where several more powerful local planners are used. Each sample consist of the current gaze angles and the joint angles of the DOFs we are interested in. Search tool order was counterbalanced across educational tasks; tasks were presented in a random  , but fixed  , order. Therefore  , the resulting specification automaton is not going to correspond to a minimal specification in the set F φ T   , in general. Accordingly  , each environment of four levels is regarded as antigens and each of these strategies is regarded as antibodies. For each pair of objects  , there were 500 different cases obtained by locating randomly these objects both random translations and rotations. The PDFs analyzed were a random sample from our SciPlore.org database  , a scientific web based search engine. So evolvability 8 and parallelism are both considered to improve convergence speed of global optimization. Reproducing random search is not exactly possible because often only the distribution over the hyperparameters is made public and not which hyperparameter configurations are finally chosen. We make this exploration tractable by reducing the search space to a random subsample of the available queries. Our experimental results show that the proposed method can significantly improve the search quality in comparison with the baseline methods. Following functional dependencies helps programmers to understand how to use found functions. We design an initialization strategy to balance the above two approaches. We limit random walks within two steps. The classifier is then used to score about 1M pages sampled at random from the search index. To control quality  , two duplicate results and two junk results were added at random positions. We took a random sample of 316 Consumer and Electronics queries 3 from the Live search query log. Those were the 15 queries that used random values in their search clauses. Successors of a node are generated in a random manner until a successor is found that has a better heuristic value than the current configuration. Craswell and Szum- mer 5 used click graph random walks for relevance rank in image search. In cases where the model " overshoots " the measured value  , the saved value will be negative. Since the problem of researcher-indu~d bias was recognized as a potential problem  , four different researchers interacted with participants in a relatively random manner dictated by individual schedules. We calculate the probability of finding a candidate if consider that this candidate is the required expert.  Body-part names. The robot is able to successfully locate the object using information provided exclusively by the second robot. In addition  , since robot movements take place in real time  , learning approaches that require more than hundreds of practice movements are often not feasible. Our empirical evaluation shows that the method produces feasible  , high quality grasps from random and heuristic initializations. From the content of these pages  , it was evident that they were designed to " capture " search engine users. Answers and crawled the top 20 results all question pages due to the site restriction. Rank-S is affected by one more random component than Taily  , thus it might be expected to have greater variability across system instances. We limit our study to queries that were submitted from the United States. As described in Section 4.1  , user search interests can be represented by their queries. The Google search engine employs a ranking scheme based on a random walk model defined by a single state variable. Pages that are labeled as strongly negative by the classifier are then added as negative examples to the training set. 6 This random construction does not guarantee that the degree sequences are exactly given by the qi's and dj's: this is true only in expectation. It submits each query to the search engine and checks whether they are valid for x. GP is ultimately a heuristic-guided random search; the success rate in some sense measures the difficulty of finding the solution. The concolic testing phase can then generate the sequence ESC dd during exhaustive search. Data is then extracted from this selection using a set of commonly used relevant terms. Search engines play an important role in web page discovery for most users of the Web. This feature  , however  , was not included for the video library described below for funding and bandwidth reasons. The files are populated with 100 ,000 keys and the clients retrieve 1000 random keys in each experiment  , start@ each time with an empty image of the file. This behavior first searches a small area around the last known position of object by generating a random small motion in CS. The authors show how click graphs can be used to improve ranking of image search results. Typical random assignments of shards produce imbalances in machine load  , even when as few as four machines are in use. We first study how to support efficient random access for fuzzy type-ahead search. Observe that for all values of x  , randomized rank promotion performs better than or as well as nonrandomized ranking. Therefore the effective relative access rate is 16/53=0.3  , which is twice the random 0.15. Computing random relative access rate for links with group traffic was a complicated procedure. When this occurs  , random search with a randomly chosen depth bound is executed. This helps deal with the high dimensionality of the control space of rolling and sliding contacts. On average  , based on our experiment with some random sampled publications  , only 0.35 resources were retrieved for each testing publication. However  , if gobal optimation is paid too much attention  , GA maybe drop in random search. Pheromone decay is: Since the initial exploration of the search space is usually random set  , the value of the initial phases is not very informative and it is important for the system to slowly forget it. Afterwards  , another 100 queries are sent to the search service  , whose average response time is taken as the result. Given the biases inherent in effective search engines — by design  , some documents are preferred over others — this result is unsurprising. Explicitly pornographic queries were excluded from the sample. Generating ten English person names  , using random combinations of the most frequent first and last names in the U. S. Census 1990 1 . We evaluated the query and HTTP costs to learn certain percentage of the holdings of an archive using RSM under different profiling policies. We assume that the 106 found social robots represent a random sample of social robots. DOC measures the density of subspace clusters using hypercubes of fixed width w and thus has similar problems like CLIQUE. We further propose two methods to combine the proposed topic models with the random walk framework for academic search. In this section  , we analyze how the popularity evolution changes when the users discover pages solely based on search results the search-dominant model. This assumption makes sense when users surf the Web randomly Section 2  , but it may not be valid when users visit pages purely based on search results. These queries had at most 3 required search terms and at most 3 optional search terms. engines and are very short  , nonnegligible surfing may still be occurring without support from search engines. In practice  , however   , the search engine can only observe the user's clicks on its search result  , not the general web surfing behavior of the user. A given starting point was judged by exactly one participant. Hence  , we reduce σ iteratively in OD such that the amount of reduction in σ is proportional to the increase in the accumulative structural coverage obtained by the generated test suites line 21. The curves confirm the expectations of excellent search performance  , i.e. The basic action in such strategies is transformp  , which applies some transformation to a complete PT p. Only transformations that  , produce another complete PT in the same search space are applied. sen by an expert panel as search queries; 2 collecting the random sample without specified search terms and extracting appropriate data 2; 3 collecting from specific users that are known to be contributing to the debate 3. For example  , we observed that 18% of potential good abandonments in Chinese mobile search were weather queries a simple information need  , while on Chinese PC search the rate was under 1%. To test our hypotheses about the usefulness of our WYSIAWYH paradigm in supporting local browsing  , we compared the SCAN browser  , with a control interface that supported only search. As will be argued in Subsection 2.2  , hash-based search methods operationalize—apparently or hidden—a means for embedding high-dimensional vectors into a low-dimensional space. This can be done within ESA by either manually selecting documents or by automatic and random selection  , at a user's discretion. If this were the case  , a random search would find one of those feasible solutions quickly. They noted that the Janus search engine could also be used to find textual overlaps between other random texts as well. In particular  , the results of image search for people with a small Web footprint are fairly random. In addition to this hypothesis  , if we assume Proposition 2 the visits to a page are done by random users  , we can analyze the popularity evolution for the search-dominant model. This approach aims to reduce the bias introduced through human defined search terms. Query mix -Each index structure was tested in a " normal " update environment by performing a mix of inserts  , searches  , and deletes. The queries were sampled at random from query log files of a commercial local search engine and the results correspond to businesses in our local search data; all queries are in English and contain up to 7 terms. This gave us positive examples search historyonset  and negative examples search historyno onset  , one example per user. This search necessity is a result of the attribute randomization phase encoding  where mapping of original attributes is many to one. Figure 5.1 shows that there was a big difference in accuracy between interest-based initial hub selection and random initial hub selection. To evaluate the resulting context vectors  , we manually constructed a search query incorporating the ambiguous word and its most discriminating related words for each major word sense found. The provided navigational queries were submitted to the search site the same way they would be submitted in a realistic search scenario  , i.e. These studies were all large scale analyses based on random query streams  , but none focused on abandoned queries. Although all possible rankings for k = 10 did appear in real search results during the TREC ad-hoc and robust tracks  , the frequency with which each ranking appears is not uniform. Diankov and Kuffner propose a method called 'Randomized A*' 4  , primarily for dealing with discretization issues in continuous state spaces. This reaches a threshold as the search becomes more exhaustive in nature. Variations of the approach can be applied to many other applications such as social search and blog search. In addition  , the MSN Search crawler already uses numerous spam detection heuristics  , including many described in 8. In formalizing our search-dominant model  , we first note that the main assumption for the random-surfer model is Proposition 1: the visit popularity of a page is proportional to its current popularity. Moreover  , if random testing does not hit a new coverage point  , it can take advantage of the locally exhaustive search provided by concolic testing to continue from a new coverage point. We are gathering data from Twitter to create an archive on the debate surrounding the UK's inclusion in the European Union EU. When the search reaches a local minimum in terms of function P  , a preset number of random walks  , each of which is followed by a gradient motion  , are performed to escape the local minimum. Users used the search panel to find stories  , as with the SCAN browser  , but had only the random access player  " tape-recorder "  for browsing within " documents " . The overflow is low and as a consequence of this  , exhaustive search is nearly as good as the exhaustive search of the sequential signatums. First  , every database has different semantics  , which we can use to improve the quality of the keyword search. Agents can either locally try to find nodes that have been least visited or search for some random area in the environment. Selection of the words is random  , but the duplicates are not removed so the words with higher frequency in the page have higher chance of being selected. All of the nondeterministic choices are made using the Verify.random function which is a special method of the program checker JPF that forces JPF to search every possible choice exhaustively i.e. In general  , the construction and traversal of suffix trees results in " random-like access " 14  for a number of efficient in-memory construction methods 25  , 38. Note that as the number of search points in the random selection increases  , the exploredlviewed space grows more uniformly measured as the standard deviation of the radius of every point in the viewed environment space. The predefined queries were designed in a way to return relatively long search results lists. The collection of queries is a random sample of fully-anonymized queries in English submitted by Web users in 2006. A vexing question that has plagued the use of technologyassisted review  " TAR "  is " when to stop " ; that is  , knowing when as much relevant information as possible has been found  , with reasonable effort. Basically  , it shows how often the links with this property appear in the search results list. It is equipped with some search data structure usually a search tree that can be used to find the posting list associated with a given term. Our model predicts that it takes 60 times longer for a new page to become popular under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model. The second part of the table shows the slowdown of the tests generated by basic random compared to the tests generated by BALLERINA  , when run on the same number of cores. Thus  , every participant used all three search interfaces but the order in which participants used the interfaces and the task for which a given interface was used varied systematically across participants. The main area of the screen shows one random map which was among the top-ten ranked search results for this query. This provides a degree of privacy  , but it makes search logs less useful by inserting additional noise that makes a user's general interests difficult to discern. Lower bounds – random and round robin: To establish a lower bound on performance  , the effectiveness of a round robin technique was measured: ranking the fused documents based solely on their rank position from source search engines. The mutation enables the exploration of solutions within the same product  , while the crossover operation enables to switch to another product an further explore it with subsequent random mutations. In other words  , search based on the user model required a much smaller number of query messages and thus a much higher efficiency in order to achieve similar accuracy. Apart from Bharat and Broder  , several other studies used queries to search engines to collect random samples from their indices. Figure 3shows the quality of the results of our heuristic search vs. the quality of the results of the non-heuristic expanding search 1 a random page is chosen for expansion since hyperlinks are un-weighted compared to the optimal exhaustive search. Another suggestion was to provide different forms of help such as having a librarian at the "front desk"  , a search box and a random book selector. This is needed to prevent the search space from becoming too sparse prematurely  , as under the multiplicative CoNMF update rules  , zero entries lead to a disconnected search space and result in overly localized search. We learned embeddings for more than 126.2 million unique queries  , 42.9 million unique ads  , and 131.7 million unique links  , using one of the largest search data set reported so far  , comprising over 9.1 billion search sessions collected on Yahoo Search. As such  , in an SSD-based search engine infrastructure  , the benefit of a cache hit should now attribute to both the saving of the random read and the saving of the subsequent sequential reads for data items that are larger than one block. In comparison to Balmin  , Hristidis  , and Papakonstantinou  , 2004 where random walks are used on a document semantic similarity graph  , our work uses the authorship information to enhance keyword search. Running a random walk on this graph is simple: we start from an arbitrary document  , at each step choose a random term/phrase from the current document  , submit a corresponding query to the search engine  , and move to a randomly chosen document from the query's result set. While the systematic techniques used sophisticated heuristics to make them more effective  , the type of random testing used for comparison is unguided random testing  , with no heuristics to guide its search. Perhaps more surprising is the fact that a simple keyword search  , composed without prior knowledge of the collection  , almost always yields a more effective seed set than random selection  , whether for CAL  , SAL  , or SPL. For both search engines  , added delays under 500ms were not easily noticeable by participants not better than random prediction while added delays above 1000ms could be noticed with very high likelihood. One focus group participant described the ability to browse as a facility supported in shops  , but not in the music resources that he consults on the WWW: " You also can't choose random CDs  , which I suppose is the advantage of shops as you can just search at random. " Initially a random search strategy is used in which the profile of the object is placed at a series of ten random locations within the bounds of the substrate profile and the resultant total error for the difierence surface recorded in each case. In the Greenstone-based MELDEX 1 music retrieval system  , for example  , the browse and search screens are functionally separated—it is not possible  , for example  , to locate an interesting song and then directly move to browsing a list of other songs in that genre. So that they would not become accustomed to the rate of the digits and hence switch attention to the dual task in a rhythmic fashion rather than maintaining attention on the dual task  , the digits were timed to have a mean inter-digit interval of 5 seconds with a uniform random variation around this mean of 1.5 seconds. In traditional search engine architecture using HDD in the document servers  , the latency from receiving the query and document list from the web server to the return of the query result is dominated by the k random read operations that seek the k documents from the HDD see Figure 9a. Because the queries of " broad " interest-based initial hub selection  , "narrow" categories interest-based initial hub selection  , "broad" categories random initial hub selection  , "narrow" categories random initial hub selection  , "broad" categories As shown in Figure 5.2  , initial hub selection without user modeling content/performance-based underperformed that with user modeling interest-based due to the inability to identify uncharacteristic queries not related to search history. An alternative approach 14  , 18  , 1 1 tries to capture the topology of the free space by building a graph termed roadmap whose nodes correspond to random  , collision-free configurations and whose edges represent path availability between node pairs. The second heuristic called " lowest-occupancy " drives to the parking space with the lowest prior probability of being occupied and then searches for the next free parking spot in a random walk fashion. Although the PSO has the stochastic property  , i.e. In this way  , it avoids expensive constraint solving to perform exhaustive search in some part of the state space. We also compute the expected costs and payoffs if the developer examines the generated plausible SPR and Prophet patches in a random order. According to this construction when we compute this average  , the precision of a document visited k times will contribute to the mean with a k/n weight. This problem of the user not finding any any relevant document in her scanned set of documents is defined as query abandonment. A set of 275 random English address queries  , both structured and unstructured  , covering geographic regions from the United States and India were collected from users and user location search query logs. The idea of constructing search trees from the initial and goal configurations comes from classical AI bidirectional search  , and an overview of its use in previous motion planning methods appears in 12 . There have been several recent studies suggesting that a large percentage of web browsing sessions start by a visit to a search engine  , expressing a query for their need  , and following links suggested by the search engine. A peer implementation conforms to its interface  , if all the call sequences to the Communicator are accepted by the finite state machine defining the peer interface. As before  , we selected 5000 random examples  , with an equal number of positives search history+onsetinterruption and negatives search history+onsetno interruption. We produce five queries with 9 variables  , and five with 12  , and for each query we generate 500 random solutions in a dataset of 1 ,000 uniformly distributed rectangles with density 0.5 density is defined as the sum of all rectangle areas divided by the workspace. Overall  , search started with random initial hub selection needed to rely on a much larger search scope and full-text hub selection for query routing among the hubs in order to obtain accuracy comparable to that started with interestbased initial hub selection. However   , this work does not say anything regarding the right sample size if we want to estimate a measure in the query log itself  , for example  , the fraction of queries that mention a location or a given topic. Most of the previous research on predicting ad clickthrough focuses on learning from the content of displayed ads e.g. Moreover  , we enhance our random walk model by a novel teleportation approach which lets us go beyond the original web graph by connecting pages that have a good chance of being influential for each other in terms of their search impact. Our work differs from them as we use prime path coverage  , which subsumes all other graph coverage criteria  , to generate the event sequences. Therefore  , unpopular pages get significantly less traffic than under the random-surfer model  , so it takes much longer time for a page to build up initial momentum. Thus  , if search engines can identify high quality pages early on and promote them for a relatively short period  , the pages can achieve its eventual popularity significantly earlier than under the random-surfer model. Given ℐ −   , instead of exhaustively considering all possible element subsets of ℐ −   , we apply a hill-climbing method to search for a local optimum  , starting from a random -facet interface ℐ . To support the application  , each document that matches a query has to be retrieved from a random location on a disk. This subset size corresponds to a scenario where the pages are evenly distributed over a 16-node search engine   , which is the typical setup in our lab. Our empirical study of 56 multithreaded Java programs showed that random variations in the search order give rise to enormous variations in the cost to find an error across a space. Higher bounds 14GB and four hours were used for BoundedBuffer in order to evaluate the PRSS technique on a program with a larger state-space. EXSYST overcomes this problem by testing through the user interface  , rather than at the API level. However  , this paper does not discuss upper bounds and does not define a crawling scheme that sets to download higher quality documents earlier in the crawl. in an Internet search engine  , we will see that there is a wide variety of pages that will provide advice vendors of cleaning products  , helpful hints specialists  , random chroniclers who have experienced the situation before  , etc. Chuang and Chien proposed a technique for categorizing Web query terms from the click-through logs into a pre-defined subject taxonomy based on their popular search interests 4 . Such an initialization allows a query as well as a URL to represent multiple search intents  , and at the same time avoids the problem of assigning undesirable large emission probabilities. Although our data set may not correspond to a " random sample " of the web  , we believe that our methods and the numbers that we report in this paper still have merit for the following reasons . The model is based on a decomposition of the surface of the earth into small grid cells; they assume that for each grid cell x  , there is a probability px that a random search from this cell will be equal to the query under consideration. In this paper we describe the use of collective post-search browsing behavior of many users for this purpose. To validate the above strategy  , we collect two groups of more than 140K samples from the search API  , users whose name match popular and unpopular < 1000 users surnames   , in Sep 2012. This defines 1 an expected number of occurrences of any given n-gram in any given search result  , and 2 a standard deviation of the random variation in the number of occurrences. We used both the institutions " internal search engines and customized Google queries to locate research data policies. We then continue with the depth first search of the tree until complete. The results  , shown in Figure 10  , indicate very good range search performance for query selectivities greater than 0.5%  , and sufficiently good even at smaller query selectivities. However  , it has a weakness in that it requires two distance computations at every node during a search and is limited to a branching factor of two. As with other methods  , to the best of our knowledge no quantitative tests for bias have been performed. These motivated the use of document cache to improve the latency. For each query  , we got the top results from each of these search providers  , and merged and deduplicated these to get 17 ,741 unique documents. These results were then presented in a random order to independent annotators in a double-blind manner. Based on the block-based index structure  , however  , the search execution is much more efficient. Each latency value 0ms  , 250ms  , ..  , 1750ms was introduced five times and in a random order  , in combination with 40 randomly selected navigational queries. Because Clarity computation is expensive  , we calculated Clarity only for a random subset of 600 queries drawn from our original query set. These users specifically commented that they had low expectations for results  , because the words were just too " common " or because the search just was not precise enough. Finally  , we combine the proposed technique and various baselines under a machine learning model to show further improvements. The total number of randomly inserted citations in the full dataset reached almost 4.3 million. One of the authors then visually investigated a random sample of over a hundred replays of interactions on the search result pages made by real users. As shown in Figure 1I  , to make sure that every participant was familiar with the experiment procedure  , an example task was used for demonstration in the Pre-experiment Training stage I.1. There are other ways of improving performance of query optimizers  , and research efforts also need to be directed towards better modeling of random events  , underlying database organization and compile time eventsll. For the CONTIGUOUS method the answer is always: 1; the dashed line corresponds to this performance  , and is plotted for comparison purposes. The only difference was that it had far fewer relevant documents than the rest  , making it more likely to amplify random differences in user search strategies. The position of the random item within the list of 11 items was randomly drawn for each owner. In addition  , the more advanced search modules of SMART re-index the top documents  , and can detect the false match. As more subgoals are generated and path segments are generated between them with the heuristic strategy  , they will form a graph that approximates the connectivity of the cspace 6119. For example  , in the control condition  , the camera oriented toward regions of space that had been salient in the experimental condition. This method has been combined with a random path search system in those cases in which the problem involves systems with a high number of degrees of freedom ll. This ultimately makes the GA coiiverge more accurately to a value arbitrarily close to the optimal solution. By contrast  , the CMP-FL approach is bounded by the input of the user and only explores solutions within the product provided as input; thus  , some areas of the search space cannot be reached. Text re-use has a number of applications including restatement retrieval 1  , near duplicate detection 2 ,3  , and automatic plagiarism detection 4 ,5. Parameters for the random walk models were optimized via conjugate gradient with line search. Finally we show the performance of our evaluation method for five different search engine tests and compare the results with fully editorially judged ∆DCG. Further  , we would assume that if the experiment were reversed   , and we used as our test set a random sample from Google's query stream  , the results of the experiment would be quite different. We also implemented this scheme but did not observe any improvement in search quality  , compared to the random landmark selection scheme. With r > 0  , the partitioning property that we prove for our scheme allows for maintaining space and time efficiency while using whole seed sets instead of single node landmarks to approximate the distances. At first blush  , the problem seems deceptively easy: why not just replace usernames with random identifiers ? A higher order language model in general reduces perplexity  , especially when we compare the unigram models with the ngram models. Their model estimated the transition probabilities between two queries via an inner product-based similarity measurement. This result strongly indicates that we need to devise a new mechanism to " promote " new pages  , so that new pages have higher chance to be " discovered " by people and get the attention that they may deserve. The result shows that with our strategy of P.  , the statistical average query traffic is decreased by 37.78%. A chi-squared test found no significant difference in the number of participants beginning work across the nine conditions. In these experiments  , each account logs into Google and then browses 5 random pages from 50 demographically skewed websites each day. The search for a counter-example uses a simple random selection and is currently limited to methods without parameters. To this end  , one can segment user browsing behavior data into sessions  , and extract all " browse → search " patterns. In hybrid concolic testing  , we exploit the fact that random testing can take us in a computationally inexpensive way to a state in which state=9 and then concolic testing can enable us to generate the string ''reset'' through exhaustive search. Random search w as found only useful to check whether a given quality criterion is eeective on a speciic data set or not. The traversal of the suffix link to the sibling sub-tree and the subsequent search of the destination node's children require random accesses to memory over a large address space. Keyword search in databases has some unique characteristics   , which make the straightforward application of the random walk model as described in previous work 9  , 19  , 27  inadequate. In many retrieval settings  , high precision search is especially important because users are unlikely to scroll deep into a document ranking. And  , unlike Borgman's sample  , these instructors reported very idiosyncratic search practices ranging from almost random to more systematic patterns combining searching and browsing behaviors. The Random Projection Rtree addresses the problem by projecting all ellipsoids onto a fixed set of k randomly selected lines. Such highly nonuniform distributions of data points will significantly affect search performance. We decided to compare effective and random relative access rate for links with low rank on the top of the list and links with traffic-based cues. These two features are essentially one-step random walk features in a more general context 13. In our approach we represent the search for an expert as an absorbing random walk in a document-candidate graph. An additional lower bound based on randomly sorting the fused ranking was also measured. Binary independence results for a random database with the seed of 1985 are given in 3BS and 4BS  , while results for a two Poisson independence search are given in 3PS and 4PS. The TrackMeNot project 12   , for example   , inserts random queries into the stream of queries issued by a user  , with the intent of making it harder for a search engine company to determine a particular user's interests. However  , the more efficient compressors such as PH and RPBC are not that fast at searching or random decompression  , because they are not self-synchronizing. Neither do the similar queries retrieved via random walks SQ1 and SQ3 provide very useful expansion terms since most of the similar queries are simply different permutations of the same set of terms. Most of these approaches focus on enhancing user search experiences by providing related queries to expand searches 29. Random testing  , when used to find a test case for a specific testing target e.g. That said  , even if passive learning is enhanced using a keyword-selected seed or training set  , it is still dramatically inferior to active learning. A character-level FM-INDEX for a text can be stored in a fraction of the space occupied by the text itself  , and provides pattern search and with small overhead random-access decoding from any location in the text. In this paper  , we adopt the approach taken in 12  , where controlled queries are created  , as opposed to probabilistically generating random queries as suggested in 3 . In particular  , we propose a novel random walk model that incorporates the inferred search impact of pages into the standard connectivity-based page importance computation. 1Queries containing random strings  , such as telephone numbers — these queries do not yield coherent search results  , and so the latter cannot help classification around 5% of queries were of this kind. They are not specifically interested in image search  , however  , but use image data because it has features that suit the research questions on that paper. The query suggestion component involves random walks and can be configured to consider the most recent n queries. In the latter group  , a number of query synthesis methods exist  , either synthesizing new queries with active user participation  , or directly without any user input. The artificial data was generated as decribed in 2 from random cubic polynomials. However  , the conventional G A applications generate a random initial population without using any expert knowledge. In Fig.6we graph the average cost as a function of iteration for a random generated 10-station 1 00-train problem solving by local search with cycle detection. There are some that are designed for many dof manipulators based on random 2 Brownian motion  , sequential IO  backtracking with virtual obstacles  , or parallel 3 genetic opti-mization search. Content creator-owned tagging systems those without a collaborative component  , especially suffer from inconsistent and idiosyncratic tagging. Moreover  , IMRank always works well with simple heuristic rankings  , such as degree  , strength. Therefore  , IMRank is robust to the selection of initial ranking  , and IMRank works well with an initial ranking prefering nodes with high influence  , which could be obtained efficiently in practice. In sum  , we have theoretically and empirically demonstrated the convergence of IMRank. With the empirical results we conclude:  With different initial rankings  , IMRank could converge to different self-consistent rankings. In this section  , we first theoretically prove the convergence of IMRank. Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr After each iteration of IMRank  , a ranking r is adjusted to another ranking r ′ . However  , IMRank consistently improves the initial rankings in terms of obtained influence spread. However  , the improvements of IMRank seems more visible under the TIC model. Therefore  , the running time of IMRank is affordable. We explore those questions by empirically simulating IMRank with five typical initial rankings as follows  , Empirical results on the HEPT dataset under the WIC model are reported in Figure 3  , to compare the performance of IMRank with different initial rankings  , as well as the performance of those rankings alone. This indicates that IMRank is efficient at solving the influence maximization problem via finding a final self-consistent ranking. According to extensive experiment results  , T is always significantly smaller than k. Besides  , dmax is usually much smaller than n  , e.g.  We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps.  We design an efficient last-to-first allocating strategy to approximately estimate the ranking-based marginal influence spread of nodes for a given ranking  , further improving the efficiency of IMRank. IMRank only takes 3 and 5 iterations to achieve a stable and high influence spread under the two models respectively. Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in Thus  , it helps IMRank to converge to a good ranking if influential nodes are initially ranked high. Figure 2a shows the percent of different nodes in two successive iterations. Since IMRank is guaranteed to converge to a self-consistent ranking from any initial ranking  , it is necessary to extend the discussion to its dependence on the initial ranking: does an arbitrary initial ranking results in a unique convergence ? The consistent performance of IMRank1 and IMRank2 demonstrates the effectiveness of IMRank. The inconsistent performance of PMIA and IRIE under the two diffusion models illustrates that both PMIA and IRIE are unstable. In addition  , under the two different diffusion models  , IMRank shows similar improvements on influence spread from the relative improvement angle. We employ the relative influence spread  , i.e. To combat this problem  , we propose a Last-to-First Allocating LFA strategy to efficiently estimate Mr  , leveraging the intrinsic interdependence between ranking and ranking-based marginal influence spread. The time and space complexity of IMRank with the generalized LFA strategy is low. The influence spread of top-k nodes seems always converges with smaller number of iterations than the convergence of the set of top-k nodes. If not  , what initial ranking corresponds to a better result ? To combat the above problem  , we propose a generalized LFA strategy that trades a slight increase in running time for better accuracy in estimating Mr  , and therefore improves the performance of IMRank on influence spread. Therefore  , one can stop IMRank safely in practice by checking the change of top-k nodes between two successive iterations. Since each Ik has an upper bound i.e. We can briefly show why the Clarke-Tax approach maximizes the users' truthfulness by an additional  , simpler example. The tax levied by user i is computed based on the Clarke Tax formulation as follows: We consider the fixed cost to be equal to 0. The Clarke-Tax mechanism is appealing for several reasons . Under the Clarke-Tax  , users are required to indicate their privacy preference  , along with their perceived importance of the expressed preference. In Section 5  , we describe our proposed framework which is based on the Clarke Tax mechanism. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals  , regardless of other individuals choices. We present our applied approach  , detailed system implementation and experimental results in the context of Facebook in Section 6. Second   , the Clarke-Tax has proven to have important desirable properties: it is not manipulable by individuals  , it promotes truthfulness among users 11  , and finally it is simple. Simplicity is a fundamental requirement in the design of solutions for this type of problems  , where users most likely have limited knowledge on how to protect their privacy through more sophisticated approaches. Collaborative Tagging systems have become quite popular in recent years. In order to use support vector machine  , kernel function should be defined. During testing phase  , the texture fea­ ture extracted from the image will be classified by the support vector machine. In the faceted distillation task  , we use the support vector machine to evaluate the extent to which a blog post is opinionated. Mathematical details of support vector machine can be found in 16J. special effects. 36 train a support vector machine to extract mathematical expressions and their natural language phrase. Section 3 addresses the concept and importance of transductive inference  , together with the review of a well-known transductive support vector machine provided by T. Joachims. SV M struct generalizes multi-class Support Vector Machine learning to complex data with features extracted from both inputs and outputs. A more general definition of a pattern can involve mixed node types within one pattern  , but is beyond the scope of this paper. Probabilistic graphical models can further be grouped into generative models and discriminative models. Consider a two class classification problem. As expected  , the Support Vector Machine was the most robust method  , also with respect to outliers  , i.e. The final generalization of the Support Vector Machine is to the nonseparable case. For support vector machine  , the polynomial kernel with degree 3 was used. It is based on structural risk minimization principle from computational learning theory. In the second set of experiments  , we use transductive support vector machine for model training. We show that the proposed general framework has a close relationship with the Pairwise Support Vector Machine. used six electrodes mounted on target muscles and a support vector machine was employed as a classifier 2. Maximizing the margin enhances the generalization capability of a support vector machine 16. Note  , that this phrase also includes function words  , etc. While classifiers differ  , we believe our results enable qualitative conclusions about the machine predictability of tags for state of the art text classifiers. It was able to orient our test images with modest accuracy  , but its performance was insufficient to break the captcha. Furthermore  , a method for utilising the HSS as the basis for Support-Vector Machine person recognition was detailed. A large majority of them are either provably or potentially unstable. The support state of a walking machine is a binary row vector  , whose com onents are the support states of its individual legs 4f There are in all 26 or 64 possible support states for a six-legged machine. It is organized as follows: Section 2 presents the question classification problem; Section 3 compares several machine learning approaches to question classification with conventional surface text features; Section 4 describes a special kernel function called tree kernel to enable the Support Vector Machines to take advantage of the syntactic structures of questions; Section 5 is the related work; and Section 6 concludes the paper. One binary support vector machine is trained for each unordered pair of classes on the training document set resulting in m*m-1/2 support vector machines. We detect the name entities using a support vector machine-based classifier 13  , and use the tagged Brown corpus 1 as training examples to train the classifier. By adding virtual relevant documents generated by transformation of original documents to training set  , we could improve performance significantly. We also show results that demonstrate the advantages of our approach over support vector machine based models. Machine learning methods such as support vector machines were usually employed in the classification. A support vector machine was trained on the first three quarters of the data and tested on the unused data. We tried training a support vector machine to predict the category labels of the snippets. According to this strategy  , fields in records are encoded using feature vectors that are used to train a binary support vector machine classifier. Experiment results show that our new idea on the feature is successful at least in this field. The approach taken was to train a support vector machine based upon textual features using active learning. Teo and Vishwanathan proposed fast and space efficient string kernels based on SAs and used the kernel with the support vector machine 33. However  , query classification was not extensively applied to query dependent ranking  , probably due to the difficulty of the query classification problem. However  , they assume that the features depend only on the input sequence and are independent of the output tag sequence. We report results as averages across all EC classes in We performed " one-class vs. rest " Support Vector Machine classification and repeated this for all six EC top level classes. This section presents the core of CSurf's Context Analyzer module  , that drives contextual browsing. They formalized the problem as that of classification and employed Support Vector Machines as the classifier. Three runs were conducted  , one based on nouns  , one based on stylometric properties  , and one based on punctuation statistics. Georeferencing has not only been applied to images or videos. Predictability " is approximated by the predictive power of a support vector machine. Many classifiers can be used with kernels  , we use Support Vector Machine. We compare the results obtained using the kernel functions defined in Sect. Because the task is a binary classification personal or organizational   , a support vector machine was used Chang and Lin 2011. The method was tested in the domain of robot localization. The whole system consists of three major compo­ nents  , namely texture feature extractor  , texture clas­ sifier and boundary detector. The feature will be put into the support vector machine and the associated da.% will be reported. 9  also describes a classification of outliers using a ball  , as a special case of One-class classification . We will use support vector machine classification and term-based representations of comments to automatically categorize comments as likely to obtain a high overall rating or not. Then  , titles from the same PDFs were extracted with a Support Vector Machine from Cite- Seer 1 to compare results. Our dataset PDFs  , software  , results is available upon request so that other researchers can evaluate our heuristics and do further research. A failure here results in the exploitation of visual features which are used as input to a support-vector machine based classifier. The support vector machine then learns the hyperplane that separates the positive and negative training instances with the highest margin. This run used a support vector machine built from the normal features in Table 5to retrieve documents using a hybrid representation. Our official submission  , however  , was based on the reduced document model in which text between certain tags was indexed. Support Vector Machine based text categorization 8  is adopted to automatically classify a textual document into a set of predefined hierarchy that consists of more than 1k categories. 18  propose three margin based methods in Support Vector Machine to select examples for querying which reduce the version space as much as possible. The emotional state annotations are derived through a framework based on a Multi-layer Support Vector Machine ap- proach 18. Once we have computed the distance for each field of the record pair  , we use a support vector machine to determine the overall goodness of the match. We then train a two-class support vector machine with the labelled feature vectors. The shallow semantic parser we use is the ASSERT parser  , which is trained on the PropBank Kingsbury et al. PropBank was manually annotated with verbargument structures. The confidence of the learned classifier is then used as a similarity metric for the records. Surprisingly  , our simple rule based heuristic performed better than a support vector machine. As already mentioned  , a VAD system tries to determine when a verbalization starts and when it ends. Then  , the signal is classified as voice or unvoice using a Support Vector Machine classifier. In general our contiguous support vector machine is more  sitive and more specific. One would need more data  , especially of control subjects to be able to state that automatic methods always significantly outperform human observers in clinical practice. One-class classification 9  transfers the problem of detecting outliers to a quadratic program solved by Support Vector Machine. This paper presents our research work on automatic question classification through machine learning approaches  , especially the Support Vector Machines. We still use Support Vector Machine  , a common  , simple yet powerful tool  , as the classifier. For example  , an article on Support Vector Machines might not mention the words machine learning explicitly  , since it is a specialized topic in the field of machine learning. The table that follows summarises generalization performance percentage of correct predictions on test sets of the Balancing Board Machine BBM on 6 standard benchmarking data sets from the UCI Repository  , comparing results for illustrative purposes with equivalent hard margin support vector machines. Results of a systematic and large-scale evaluation on our YouTube dataset show promising results  , and demonstrate the viability of our approach. Two sources of relevance annotations were used for different runs: the official annotations   , provided by the topic authorities; and annotations provided by a member of the Melbourne team with e-discovery experience though not legal training. Surprisingly  , this simple rule based heuristic performs better than a Support Vector Machine based approach. Since the appearance of microarray technology in to­ day's biological experiment  , gene expression data gen­ erated by various microarray experiments have in­ creased enormously  , and lots of works based on these data have been published. The underlying distribution of the unlabeled data is also investigated to choose the most representative examples 10. In the framework of Support Vector Machine18  , three methods have been proposed to measure the uncertainty of simple data  , which are referred as simple margin  , MaxMin margin and ratio margin. Most research are focused on analyzing microarray gene expression either to determine significant pathways that contribute to a phenotype of interest or deal with features genes selection problem. Pang and Lee found that using the Support Vector Machine classifier with unigrams and feature presence resulted in a threefold classification accuracy of 83%; therefore we also follow this strategy and use unigrams and only take into account feature presence. We used an opinionated lexicon consisting of 389 words  , which is a subset complied from the MPQA subjective lexicon 11. The well-known kernel trick is difficult to be applied to 9  , while kernel trick is considered as one of the main benefits of the traditional support vector machine. 2005   , who show that explicit feature mapping is preferable to implicit feature mapping using   , for example  , suffix trees for support vector machine training and classification of strings  , when using small k-mers. The knowcenter group classified the topic-relevant blogs using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. Their method was compared with five feature selection methods using two classifiers: K-nearest neighbour and support vector machine and it preformed the best for three microarray datasets. 15  proposes a multi-Criteria-based active learning for the problem of named entity recognition using Support Vector Machine. One of the most well-known approaches within this group is support vector machine active learning developed by Tong and Koller 31. After doing so  , we can produce a probabilistic spatiotemporal model of an event. This work was extended to assign features to each of the regions such as spatial features  , number of images  , sizes  , links  , form info  , etc that were then fed into a Support Vector Machine to assign an importance measurement to them. Support Vector Machine is trained to produce initial group suggestion as the baseline. Three experiments were conducted  , one based on nouns  , one based on stylometric properties  , and one based on punctuation statistics. The resulting blogs were classified using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. A central goal of the music information retrieval community is to create systems that efficiently store and retrieve songs from large databases of musical content 7. Basically  , Support Vector Machine aim at searching for a hyperplane that separates the positive data points and the negative data points with maximum margin. A support vector machine classifier is able to achieve an identification accuracy of over 88% using either the full force profile over the insertion or through the section of perceive work and stiffness metrics. During learning phase  , the support vector machine will be trained to learn the edge and non­ edge pattern. When the sequence length t is large  , the huge number of classes makes the multi-class Support Vector Machine infeasible. Simple margin measures the uncertainty of an simple example x by its distance to the hyperplane w calculated as: In the framework of Support Vector Machine18  , three methods have been proposed to measure the uncertainty of simple data  , which are referred as simple margin  , MaxMin margin and ratio margin. Similar to regular Support Vector Machine  , a straightforward way to which is based on the negative value of the prediction score given by formula 10. Additionally  , we could show that it is possible to precisely predict the action  , by using a Support Vector Machine. In reducing total prediction error MNSE and AME polynomial kernel produced the best result while in predicting trend DS  , CU and CD radial basis and polynomial kernel produced equally good results. Using a support vector machine with normalized quadratic kernel and an all-pairs method  , this yields an accuracy of 67.9%. The importance measurement was used to order the display of regions for single column display. In addition  , we present a new tensor model that not only incorporates the domain knowledge but also well estimates the missing data and avoids noises to properly handle multi-source data. For the second step  , we employ a support vector machine as our classifier model. The selection of which method to use may depend on the implementation hardware as each provides similar statistical performance. Second  , they take a one-vs-all approach and learn a discriminative classifier a support vector machine or a regularized least-squares classifier for each term in the First  , they use a set of web-documents associated with an artist whereas we use multiple song-specific annotations for each song in our corpus. It is clear that popularity of topics vary over time  , new topics emerge and some topics cease to exist. Support vector machine has been proven to be an efficient classifier in text mining 1 . Note that the features in sequence labeling not only depend on the input sequence s  , but also depends on the output y. In the following section  , we describe how the distance metric F i is learned. Due to its popularity and success in the previous studies  , it is used as the baseline approach in our study. We used synonymous word pairs extracted from Word- Net synsets as positive training examples and automatically generated non-synonymous word pairs as negative training examples to train a two-class support vector machine in section 3.4. We present an approach where potential target mentions of an SE are ranked using supervised machine learning Support Vector Machines where the main features are the syntactic configurations typed dependency paths connecting the SE and the mention. Borrowing from past studies on demographic inference   , three types of features were used for distinguishing between account types: 1 post content features  , 2 stylistic features  , how the information is presented  , and 3 structural and behavioral features based on how the account interacts with others. In the third set of experiments   , we apply our framework in the same manner as the first set  , except that the unformatted text block detection component is not used. Once the name entities are detected  , we compute their occurrence frequencies within the document corpus  , and discard those name entities which have very low occurrence values. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. The two are related quantities with different focuses. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. Whereas LIF well supported recall  , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin  , particularly in terms of purity  , precision  , and rand index. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. We derive two basic quanti-ties  , namely LI Binary LIB and LI Frequency LIF  , which can be used separately or combined to represent documents. When an application initializes Comm- Lib  , it automatically initiates an instance of ServiceX. Lib exposes a public API  , createSocket  , which constructs Socket objects on behalf of its clients. Working versions are contained in libraries whose names consist of Xlib   , and the corresponding systems versions are found in <lib . SPL-programs for example are found in the libraries XSPL and SPL. The application runs from the command line. Daikon 4.6.4 is an invariant generator http://pag.csail.mit.edu/daikon/. To prevent its clients now on the stack from requiring the relevant FilePermission—which a maliciously crafted client could misuse to erase the contents Classes Permissions Enterprise School Lib Priv java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com:80"  , "connect" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu:80"  , "connect" java.io. FilePermission "C:/log.txt"  , "write" Upon constructing a Socket  , Lib logs the operation to a file. LIB is similar in spirit to IDF and its value represents the discriminative power of the term when it appears in a document. By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term  , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents  , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. The first Col/Lib and second Loc columns give information about the name of the collection and their location. The evaluation results are presented in Table 3. For evaluation purposes  , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. The above equation gives the amount of information a term conveys in a document regardless of its semantic direction . We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. com/p/plume-lib/  , downloaded on Feb. 3  , 2010. Avatar assistant robot  , which can be controlled remotely by a native teacher  , animates the 3D face model with facial expression and lib-sync for remote user's voice. The approach is evaluated on four open source applica- tions: Neuroph  , WURFL  , Joda-Time  , and Json-lib. Querying Google with the LS returns 11 documents  , none of which is the DLI2 homepage. have been generated based on keyword and document semantic proximities 7. Annotations made in the reader are automatically stored in the same Up- Lib repository that stores the image and text projections. Additionally  , we use the keyboard to allow for the entrance of data. The first column contains the collection names from ten university libraries. The default resolution of symbols is to routines in the library itself. For thrift-lib-w2-5t  , although HaPSet checked 14 runs  , it actually spent more time than what DPOR spent on checking 23 runs. These environments are dominated by issues of software construction. The DMG-Lib concept and workflow takes into account that technical knowledge exists in different forms e.g. These animations are augmenting original figures and can be displayed in the e-book pages with an integrated Java Applet. Lib instances. At run time  , the two clients will require SocketPermissions to resolve the names and connect to ports 80 of hosts ibm.com and vt.edu  , respectively. The larger the LIB  , the more information the term contributes to the document and should be weighted more heavily in the document representation . Here thrift-lib-w2-5t  , for example  , stands for the test case with 2 worker threads and 5 tasks per worker. This scanner then adds supported document types that it finds to a specified instance of an Up- Lib repository. texts  , pictures and physical models see Figure1 and requires analytical  , graphical and physical forms of representation. lib " represents the library from which the manuscript contained in the image originates and can be one of eight labels: i AC -The Allan and Maria Myers Academic Centre  , University of Melbourne  , Australia. A limitation of the case studies is that all the applications and components used were software developed by ABB Inc. involving .lib library files. Our first corpus contained the complete runs of the ACM International Conference on Digital Libraries and the JCDL conference  , and the complete run of D-Lib Magazine see Table  2. Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. {10} {1 ,2 ,7 ,10}{1 ,2 ,3 ,7 ,8 ,10} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,7 ,8 ,92 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Description ,Library {9} {4 ,6 ,9} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Even if the indexing phase is correct  , certain documents may not have been indexed under all the conditions that could apply to them. To better understand the motion of figured mechanisms and machines DMG-Lib can animate selected figures within e-books. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: The reference can be obtained using the library pathname. In the CLR  , the privilege-asserting API is Assert. of the file or log false information in it—Lib creates an instance of Priv and passes it to doPrivileged  , the Java privilege-asserting API 6  , which modifies the stack-inspection mechanism as follows: at run time  , doPrivileged invokes the run method of that Priv object  , and when the stack inspection is performed to verify that each caller on the stack has been granted the necessary FilePermission  , the stack walk recognizes the presence of doPrivileged and stops at createSocket  , without demanding the FilePermission of the clients of Lib. These 690 requests were targeting 30 of our 541 monitored shells  , showing that not all homephoning shells will eventually be accessed by attackers. The remaining columns show the performance of each method  , including the number of interleavings tested and the run time in seconds. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l The mechanisms communicate with each other by a simple structure  , the file system. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. Library means that the library has created its own digitized or born-digital material. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed control method for the exoskeleton  , upper-lib motion assist bower assist experiment has be& carried out with tbree healthy human subjects Subject A and B are 22 years old males  , Subject C is 23 years old male. Segmentation of the gait cycle based on the lib-terrain interaction isolates portions of the gait bounce signal with high information content. The experimental setup is shown in Fig. Subsequently  , each block is sorted according to geographical location second column  , value: Loc  , and finally  , the collections or the libraries first column  , value: Col/Lib are ordered alphabetically for each geographical location. Library and owners can appear as value Lib  , Own  , if both the library and the owners require written permission. This is because not all these 14 runs are included in the 23 runs; and each run may execute a different set of statements and therefore may take a different amount of time. 12 Although the most recent version of the application profile  , from September 2004 13  , retains the prohibition on role refinement of <dc:creator>  , the efforts the DC- Lib group made to find some mechanism for communicating this information supports the view that role qualification is considered important. Unfortunately  , this effort has not been continued. We have implemented the lazy  , schedule recording  , and UW approaches described in Section 3 in our ESBMC tool that supports the SMT logics QF AUFBV and QF AUFLIRA as specified in the SMT-LIB 27. Not surprisingly  , there was very little consistency among data providers on the syntax of role pseudo-qualifiers. . This allows the user to fluidly read and annotate documents without having to manage annotated files or explicitly save changes. Library means that the copyright of the material is owned by the organization that the library belongs to  , and is administered by the library. Since NCSTRL+ can access other Dienst collections we can extend searches to all of NCSTRL  , CoRR  , and D-Lib Magazine as well. In this section  , we show how to conclude the construction of M Imp by incorporating the assumption PAs into M Exp . The search result for a single query from the ad-hoc task is a list of structured data; each contains a web TREC-ID and the extracted main body of content. The NCSTRL+ DL interface is based on our extensions to the Dienst protocol to provide a testbed for experimentation with buckets  , clusters  , and interoperability. Some general rules for the handling of digitized and born-digital material can be derived from Table 1and its discussion  , showing that there is a variety of arrangements depending on ownership of the material and its copyright. As a demonstration of the viability of the proposed methodology  , SKSs for a number of communities the Los Alamos National Laboratory's LANL Research Library http://lib-www.lanl.gov/. The multimedia collection consists of e-books  , pictures  , videos and animations. This can be considered as 100 lockable objects in the LIB-system  , or alternatively  , these 100 objects can be regarded as the highly active part of the CB-system catalog data  , access path data  , . It is useful to think of these segments as motion primitives  , which are typically defined in relation to terrain interaction.  Retrieve and apply updates for synchronization: updates can also be represented using in-memory objects  , files and tables. Sample Code Figure 1shows the Java code of two library classes  , Lib and Priv  , and two client classes  , Enterprise and School. Information on the data structure  , functions  , and function calling relationships of the source code is stored in the binary files according to pre-defined formats  , such as Common Object File Format COFF 5 33  , so that an external system is able to find and call the functions in the corresponding code sections. Related to this effort  , the D-Lib Working Group on Digital Library Metrics 2 was formed and was involved in the organisation of a workshop 3 in 1998  , which addressed several aspects of DL evaluation. As mentioned earlier  , since these URLs  , e.g. gc ,template will not have side-effects on the database  , so the entire computation can be rolled back if desired. In Java and the CLR  , access control is based on stack inspection 6 : when a security-sensitive operation is performed   , all the methods currently on the stack are checked to see if their classes have been granted the relevant permission . There are many studies of users of digital libraries and collections 1 and a great deal of work on evaluating digital libraries for examples  , see issues of D-Lib at http://www.dlib.org/ and Chris Neuhaus's bibliography http://www.uni.edu/neuhaus/digitalbibeval.html  , but we did not find studies of null searches to identify collections gaps in order to develop user-centered collections. Considering SAE with k layers  , the first layer will be the autoencoder  , with the training set as the input. A denoising autoencoder DAE is an improvement of the autoencoder  , which is designed to learn more robust features and prevent the autoencoder from simply learning the identity. 1a  , the autoencoder is trained with native form and its transliterated form together. The autoencoder tries to minimize Eq. Table I also presents some key configurations of the autoencoder . " Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. The anomaly score is simply defined as autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. However  , the fully connected AE ignores the high dimensionality and spatial structure of an image. The autoencoder is still able to discover interesting patterns in the input set. autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. The architecture of the autoencoder is shown Fig. Map Size " denotes to the height and width of the convolutional feature maps to be pooled. " An autoencoder can also have hidden layer whose size is greater than the size of input layer. We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. 6demonstrates the fact that more than 60% of features are zero when the sparsity constraint is utilized in the autoencoder combined with the ReLU activation function. For fair comparison  , all the methods are conducted on the same convolved feature maps learned by a single-hidden-layer sparse autoencoder with a KL sparse constraint. In this way  , the model is able to learn character level " topic " distribution over the features of both scripts jointly. A large number of languages  , including Arabic  , Russian  , and most of the South and South East Asian languages  , are written using indigenous scripts. The loss function of an autoencoder with a single hidden layer is given by  , The hidden layer gets to learn a compressed representation of the input  , such that the original input can be regenerated from it. In that case a sparsity constraint is imposed on the hidden units. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. These models utilize the bilingual compositional vector model biCVM of 9 to train a retrieval system based on a bilingual autoencoder. Then we fine-tune the weights of the encoder by minimizing the following objective function: We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. The results obtained using the remaining methods are presented in Table 2. However there are a very few extreme rainfall cases compared to normal or no rainfall cases  , that is the data set is biased. Post training  , the abstract level representation of the given terms can be obtained as shown in c. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. To avoid simply learning the identity function  , we can require that the number of hidden nodes be less than the number of input nodes  , or we can use a special regularization term. Dropout technique is utilized in all the experiments in the hidden layer of the sparse autoencoder and the probability of omitting each neural unit is set as 0.5. The autoencoder was found to be computationally infeasible when applied to the described datasets and therefore its retrieval performance is not presented. We regularize the features to be smaller than 1 by dividing the sum of all the selected features. Session: LBR Highlights March 5–8  , 2012  , Boston  , Massachusetts  , USA  Multiple autoencoders can be stacked so that the activations of hidden layer l are used as inputs to the autoencoder at layer l + 1. Local R 2 FP selects the most conductive features in the sub-region and summarizes the joint distribution of the selected features  , which enhances the robustness of the final representation and promotes the separability of the pooled features. As the local R 2 FP deals with the sparse features in the sub-region and the sparseness of features is a vital start point that inspires the proposed method  , it can be assumed that K opt can be affected by the sparsity of the feature maps  , which is determined by the target response of each hidden neuron ρ in the autoencoder. We store current rules in a prefix tree called the RS-tree. sort represents a flatten-structure transformation with sort. A sort instance element can be expanded to re-run its associated query and display the results. When an item is inserted in the FP-tree  , sort the items in contingency weight ascending order. Updates may cause swapping via the bubble sort  , splitting  , and/or merging of tree nodes Updates to DB does not lead to any swapping of tree nodes  old gets changed. Sort-based bulk loading KF 93 refers to the classical approach of sorting and packing the nodes of the R*-tree. This approach makes the hest use of the occurrence of the common suffix in transactions  , thereby constructing a more compact tree structure than F'P-tree. However  , in many other cases  , it requires rescanning the entire updated database DB in order to build the corresponding FP-tree. In this way  , at each point the node being inserted will become the rightmost leaf node in T after insertion. Therefore  , each projection uses B-tree indexing to maintain a logical sort-key order. This information is made available to further relational operators in the relational operator tree to eliminate sort operations. New human computer interaction knowledge and technology must be developed to support these new possibilities for autonomous systems. This problem is more serious than FELINE because it uses the bubble sort to recursively exchange adjacent tree nodes. The other approach  , which we call Sorted-Tuples-based bulk loading  , is even simpler. A query that produces many results is hurt more by a blocking Sort and benefits more from a semi/fully pipelined pattern tree match physical evaluation. C-Store organizes columns into projections sets of columns and each projection has a sort-key 25. By traversing elements from the root element to elements with atomic data  , we obtain large 1-paths  , large 2-paths  , and so on  , until large n-paths. The only difference is that one needs to sort the path according to L before inserting it into a new P-tree. Second  , OVERLAP prunes edges in the search lattice  , converting it into a tree  , as follows. 1 sort the attribute-based partition  , compressing if possible 2 build a B-Tree like index which consists of pointers beginning and end to the user-specified category boundaries for the attribute. Relational query optimization  , however  , impacts XQuery semantics and introduces new challenges. It tries to do better than Parent by overiapping the computation of different cuboids and using partially matching sort orders. The graph is displayed as a tree hierarchy  , with sort instances as leaf elements. Serialization of an XML subtree using the XML_Serialize operator serves as an example. Now  , as our target in TREC is to find an " optimal " ranking function to sort documents in the collection  , individuals should represent tentative ranking functions. It does not offer immediate capability of navigating or searching XML data unless an extra index is built. So the performance increase is higher for such queries – e.g. Thus the load for computing the tree and hence for testing the hypotheses varies. The tree node corresponding to the last item of the sorted summary itemset represents a cluster  , to which the transaction T i belongs. We note that the depth first traverse of the DOM tree generally matches the same sequence of the nodes appearing in the webpage. If the first triple pattern in this list has only one join variable  , we pick this join variable as the root of the tree embedded on the graph Gjvar as described before. SQL Server 2005 also introduces optimizations for document order by eliminating sort operations on ordered sets and document hierarchy  , and query tree rewrites using XML schema information. So  , it works well in situations that follow the " build once  , mine many " principle e.g. For these kinds of data  , it is in general not advisable or even not possible to apply classical sort-based bulk loading where first  , the data set is sorted and second  , the tree is built in a bottom-up fashion. Bulk loading of a B+-tree first sorts the data and then builds the index in a bottom-up fashion. Due to its enhanced query planner  , the tree-aware instance relies on operators to evaluate XPath location steps  , while the original instance will fall back to sort and index nested-loop join. Each disk drive has an embedded SCSI controller which provides a 45K byte RAM buffer that acts as a disk cache on read operations. This chaining method passes label information between classifiers  , allowing CC to take into account label correlations and thus overcoming the label independence problem. In addition to changes in the item ordering  , incremental updating may also lead to the introduction of new items in the tree. Tree root selection: After initialization  , in a join query with n triple patterns  , we sort all the triple patterns first in the order of increasing number of triples associated with them. Join indexes can now be fully described. This is confirmed in the corresponding reduced plan diagram where the footprints disappear. Kl'I'S83  , on the ollwr hand  , concentrates on the speed of the sort-engine and no1 the overall performance of the Grace hash-join algot-ithm. Then the Hilbert value ranges delineated by successive pairs of end marker values in the sorted list have the prop erty that they are fully contained within one block at each level of each participating tree. Can we use some sort of task lattice or tree  , to represent and interface the distributed tasks underway towards goals and subgoals ? For multidimensional index structures like R-trees  , the question arises what kind of ordering results in the tree with best search performance. These services include structured sequential files  , B' tree indices  , byte stream files as in UNIX  , long data items  , a sort utility  , a scan mechanism  , and concurrency control based on file and page lock- ing. The groups of hits were ranked based on the Panoptic rank of their top document; the Panoptic ranks were also used to sort hits within each group. However  , if segmentation is performed separately after Kd-tree search finishes  , additional time is required to sort the data points whose computational time is ether ON  or OK log K where K is the number of the data points found within the hyper-sphere. The functions insert and insert-inv receives the " abstract " bodies defined there. The services provided by WiSS include sequential files  , byte-stream files as in UNIX  , B+ tree indices  , long data items  , an external sort utility  , and a scan mechanism. Then  , it analyzes the available indexes and returns one or more candidate physical plans for the input sub-query. After we sort the succeeding samples at each node in the tree  , the last several branches are likely to be pruned by strategy 3 because they contain only those samples that have the least increase in coverage. We can see that subsets having larger coverage are searched first in this case. For each request see Figure 2  , an access path generation module first identifies the columns that occur in sargable predicates  , the columns that are part of a sort requirement   , and the columns that are additionally referenced in complex predicates or upwards in the query tree. In the context of non-traditional index structures  , the method of bulk loading also has a serious impact on the search quality of the index. Different maximal OTSP sets are incorporated in different branches of the tree. Next  , a top-down pass is made so that required order properties req are propagated downwards from the root of the tree. The reason for this behavior is that both plans are of roughly equal cost  , with the difference being that in plan P2  , the SUPPLIER relation participates in a sort-mergejoin at the top of the plan tree  , whereas in P7  , the hash-join operator is used instead at the same location. For example  , with reference to Figure 2: if the cursor lies within the framed region  , then an R command will replace Figure 2with Figure 1; if the cursor is outside the framed region  , then an R command with replace Figure 2with "queen problem" The D command allows the cursor to go beyond the boundary of the current abstraction  , a sort of return command for an abstraction. In a data warehouse environment where the dimensions are quite different and hence it may be difficult to come up with a well-defined Hilbert-value it might still be better to select a dimension and to sort the data according to this dimension KR 98. A sequential file is a sequence of records that may vary in length up to one page and that may be inserted and deleted at arbitrary locations within a file  , Optionally  , each file may have one or more associated indices that map key values to the record identifiers of the records in the file that contain a matching value. Two-stage hill climbing 5.2.1. T o obtain a successor node during hill climbing mode  , the following steps are taken. In the hybrid SSH  , localization by hill-climbing is replaced by localization in an LPIM. Two hill climbing scenarios are considered below. The hill climbing method generates solutions very fast if it does not encounter deadends. This experiment validates the effectiveness of the weighted LHS combined with the Smart Hill-Climbing. percolation "  ? .. -the way this task can bc achicvcd : " hill-climbing " gradient methods  ? " 12 and 13show the concave and convex transition of climbing up hill respectively. hill there may exist a better solution. This measure is then used for a search method similar to the hill climbing method. Hence  , the solution most likely converges to local minimum. 4. GA optimization combined with simple hill climbing is used to improve gaits. Finally  , it describes how SBMPC was specialized to the steep hill climbing problem. Hill climbing does not work well for nonconvex spaces  , however  , since it will terminate when it finds a local maxima. In both cases  , concave and convex transition gait are performed sequentially. The detailed tracing results show that hill-climbing started from choosing topfacets and gradually replaced similar facets by less similar ones. However  , even if we combine DP with hill-climbing  , the planning problem is not yet free from combinatorial explosion . However   , we adjust all the weights in a WNB simultaneously  , unlike the hill climbing method  , in which we adjust each weight individually. The final facets selected by hill-climbing usually were still within the top 30%  , while the ones selected by random-were evenly distributed among the results from single-facet ranking. We have experimented with hill climbing in our model fitting problem  , and confirmed that it produces suboptimal results because the similarity metric dK or others is not strictly convex. In the sequel we describe several alternatives of hill climbing and identify the problem properties that determine performance by a thorough investigation of the search space. The general approach can be used to specify the vehicle velocity at the top of the hill in the steep hill climbing problem. Alternatively  , we can follow the hill climbing approach but it is computationally more expensive and requires more scans of the database 18. Each experiment performed hill climbing on a randomly selected 90% of the division data. The hill-climbing match procedure typically requires about one minute. Ten experiments were performed with each of the two divisions. A * search is therefore more computationally expensive on average than hill climbing. The heuristical method can be enhanced with known methodologies such as hill climbing. Finally  , a hill-climbing phase in which different implernentation choices are considered reintroduces some of the interactions. Figure 2 only shows the most often influential attributes; i.e. This procedure is formalized in Alg. As the robot climbed the hill  , it decelerated  , resulting in a continual decrease in velocity. Metaheuristic algo- rithms 9 are elaborate combinations of hill climbing and random search to deal with local maxima. The other dramatic effect is the time taken with hill-climbing; not only is it just a fraction of the time taken without hill-climbing  , it is very close to being a constant  , varying between 32- 42ps for this set of randomised motion parameters and hull sizes between 10 and 500. However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. For feature smoothing  , we found that it is valuable to apply different amounts of smoothing to single term features and proximity features 5. The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. This prompts a need to develop a technique to escape from local minima through tunnelling or hill-climbing. Three basic search techniques are combined to perform the search through the octree space. In our experiments  , the parameter pair Second  , we use the hill-climbing a1 orithm and the crossover-swapping operator in paralfel. Although it is not possible to avoid deadends completely during the search  , we can minimize the probability of encountering deadends based on the measure developed here. Such a path always exists for a connected graph. Further parallelization is possible by batching up all the states to be evaluated in a single optimizer step. For performance reasons  , the iterative medoid-searching phase is performed on a sample using a greedy hill-climbing technique. After this iterative search  , an additional pass over the data is performed for refinement of clusters  , medoids and associated subspaces. 11shows the result for hill climbing using SBMPC  , which commanded the robot to back up and then accelerate to a velocity of 0.55 m/s at 1.5 s  , a velocity maintained until approximately 2.3 s  , the time at which the vehicle was positioned at the bottom of the hill. When the objective function has an explicit form  , Hill-climbing could quickly reach an optimal point by following the local gradients of the function. One approach to reducing the number of choice interactions that must be considered is described by Low 'Low  , 1974. If the stopping condition is not met  , the framework will use a hill-climbing strategy to find a new value for N and a new iteration will start. Feature weights are learned by directly maximizing mean average precision via hill-climbing. Now that the model has been fully specified  , the final step is to estimate the model parameters. We now describe a technique that incorporates hill-climbing and is roughly We assume that which vertices are adjacent to each vertex is pre-computed and stored as a part of the polyhedron representation. Mobile manipulators may have difficulties for the stability in climbing up a hill  , maneuvering on unstructured terrain  , and fast manipulation. following and hill-climbing control laws  , moving between and localizing at distinctive states. The JUKF functioned as expected. The transformation that produces the best match is then used to correct the dead reckoning error. High and low values were chosen empirically based on reasonable values for level ground and hill climbing. All parameter values are tuned based on average precision since retrieval is our final task. Like the hill climbing method  , we stop adjusting the weights when the increase between the current AUC and the previous AUC is less than a very small value ¯. Expert knowledge can be included in the methods  , and the definition of the problem can be changed in different ways to reflect different user envi- ronments. Overall  , hill-climbing helps us reducing overlapping facets without losing much coverage of target articles. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. There exist two general approaches: the hill-climbing approach based on the MDL score 16  , 23  , the prevalent  , more practical one which is used here  , and the constraint-based approach. First  , it can localize unambiguously at any pose within the LPM rather than relying on the basic SSH strategy of hill-climbing to an unambiguous pose. The method of simulated annealing provides suck a technique of avoiding local minima. Hill-climbing method is used for its simplicity and effectiveness. In our approach to GSL  , data patterns are first matched to HEC cluster patterns through hill-climbing 8201. Then mobile robots can plan motion using the multi-functional and efficient traversability vector t-vector obstacle detection model 6. To reduce the computational cost  , pruning using problem specific constraints is necessary. ORCLUS 3  , finds arbitrarily oriented clusters by using ideas related to singular value decomposition. To identify modes  , all data points are taken as starting points and their location is updated through a sequence of hill climbing step. Only those data points that have a density exceeding the noise threshold before beginning the hill-climbing are assigned to a cluster center. This hill-climbing search was conducted on COCOMO II data divided into pre-and post-1990 projects. We usually settle at a maximum within 15–25 iterations: Figure 3shows that Jα quickly grows and stabilizes with successive iterations. For the following discussion  , we assume medium or large nonindexed images and unrestricted variables. Earlier authors have considered instead using hill-climbing approaches to adjust the parameters of a graph-walk 14. 1for the robot is generated between the two node positions. In many cases the contact positions had to be heavily adjusted to fulfill reachability. Since our method has only 3 parameters  , we calculated their optimal setting with a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search method. Tuning Interrelated Knobs: We may know of fast procedures to tune a set of interrelated knobs. Note  , that this maximization is a special case of the maximization of the posterior 3  , just that the likelihood becomes a constant. We run preliminary experiments on a small scale system to validate that the theoretical results hold. That figure shows the percentage of times an attribute was selected by a N =4 hill climbing search. Hill climbing has the potential to get stuck in a local minimum or freeze  , so stopping heuristics are required. Table 8compares results for some fixed level arrays reported in 22 . The hill-climbing approach is fast and practical. We then perform a hill-climbing search in the hierarchy graph starting from that pair. In order to comprehend the behavior of hill climbing under different combinations of search strategies  , we first study the search space for configuration similarity. Therefore  , we propose as an " optimal " path the one obtained by a hill-climbing method with Euclidean distances as the metric for edge weight. Remolina and Kuipers 13  ,  151 present a formalization of the SSH framework as a non-monotonic logical theory. A gateway is a boundary between qualitatively different regions of the environment: in the basic SSH  , the boundary between trajectory-following and hill-climbing applicability. Each gateway has two directions  , inward and outward. For the refinement step  , we apply a greedy hill climbing procedure explained in Sec. This energy could be employed for hill climbing or long jumping  , or converted to vertical motion in a " pole vaulting " mode. Accepting bad moves corresponds to perform what is called a hill climbing: on the other side of the hill there may exist a better solution. This commanded velocity profile resulted in the vehicle's front wheels reaching the top of the hill at approximately 4.1 s. A time-lapse sequence of the motion with and without SBMPC is shown in Figure 12. All the other runs got stuck in an infeasible local maximum. Section II describes the dynamic model used in this research  , which was developed in 5 and emphasizes important model features that enable it to be used for motion planning in general and the steep hill climbing problem in particular. Second  , it constructs a complete representation of the paths at the place  , and hence of the dstates and possible turn actions. The hill climbing search strategy modifies the position of one fixel at a time until arriving at a fixel configuration achieving simultaneous contact and providing force closure with the feature tuple. Deletion of tuples is performed symmetrically  , from the leaves to the root  , updating each concerned summary to take into account tuple deletion. The β values are tuned via hill climbing based on the hybrid NDCG values of the final ranking lists merged from different rankers. Since both energy functions can be locally minimized by preserving the overlap  , a definite hill climbing is involved. It should be noted that local optimizing techniques  , such as hill climbing  , cannot be used here to find the global optimum  , due to the presence of local extrema. Despite the great deal of motion planning research  , not much work has been done directly on the area of pushing planning. surface are iden tifiedand counted as rocks for inclusion in the roughness assessment. Surprisingly  , although ensemble selection overfits with small data  , reliably picking a single good model is even harder—making ensemble selection more valuable. The latter approach was chosen in this paper because it avoids representing the high-dimensional feature space. Note that hill-climbing strategies are currently the only ones that are compatible with LLA  , because statistical goodness-offit tests χ 2  require the compared models to be nested. The method applies a " hill-climbing " strategy that makes use of a 3-D playing area measuring   , as visualised in the illustrations discussed above. In the latter case the hill-climbing procedure has been ineffective in escaping a poor local optimum. The average width and height of the facets generated by the three methods were about the same  , except that random-occasionally chose some much wider facets. However  , unlike the hill climbing approach where all the points are reassigned to the clusters  , we do not reassign the points already assigned to the 'complete' clusters . The system performs the path search in an octree space  , and uses a hybrid search technique that combines hypothesize and test  , hill climbing  , and A ' This paper discusses some of the issues related to fast 3-D motion planning  , and presents such a system being developed at NRS. The dotted lines indicate the path each contact took in 3D space during the iterated refinement and hill climbing steps. We can now focus on these type-II knobs  , and perform hill climbing to obtain a potentially better knob configuration. The so-called hill-climbing search method locally optimize the summary hierarchy such that the tree is an estimated structure built from past observations and refined every time a new tuple is inserted. In the experiments for this problem  , only 8 out of 480 single start statistical hill-climbing runs 6 hours on one Sparc 20 per run converged to a feasible solution-that is approximately 1.7%. It can be noticed that climbing hills are not very well localised and that sometimes rocks are wrongly classified as steps down. This set of items is a complete description of what the mobile robot can see during its runs. dynamic programming  , greedy  , simulated annealing  , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 22. The procedure commences with initial support and confidence threshold values  , describing a current location   in the base plane of the playing area. Although hill-climbing had a slightly worse target article coverage than the other two 5% less  , it outperformed them in pair-wise similarity which means the facets selected have smaller overlap of navigational paths. The number of blocks remains constant throughout the hill climbing trial. Additional parameters are tuned by running a hill-climbing search on the training data. Several measurements were made to ascertain the quality of the various selection techniques  , as seen in Figure 1. All of the design and selection of the distance measures was done using hill-climbing on the development set  , and only after this exploration was In Figure 1we see both development and test set results for answer selection experiments involving a sample of the distance measures with which we experimented. Applying a hill-climbing strategy for workload intensity along the stress vectors  , we are able to reach the stress goal. Due to the absence of the training corpus  , the tuning of all parameters was performed on the testing data using a brute-force hill-climbing approach. Further  , we will replace the exponential moving average with an more efficient stochastic gradient hill climbing strategy. This way it can significantly increase the number of prob­ lems for which a solution can be found. We have developed a technique that uses a hill-climbing search to match evidence grids constructed at the same estimated position at different times. The presented data is taken from the above experiment and for the bunny object. 3represents the largest possible output power for one side of the vehicle  , which is 51 W. Generally speaking  , the torque limit constraint 5 is what causes deceleration when climbing a steep hill  , while the power constraint 6 limits the speed of the vehicle while traveling on either horizontal or sloped terrains. This allows us to use iterative hill-climbing approaches  , such as coordinate ascent  , to optimize the classifier in under an hour.  The knowledge base is enriched by learning from user behaviors  , such that the retrieval performance can be enhanced in a hill-climbing manner.  The LGM provides a solid and generic foundation for multimedia retrieval  , which can be extended towards a number of directions. The problems remaining are those of stability and reliability. These parameters can be divided into two kinds: the weights on the classes of words  , like people or locations  , and the thresholds for deciding if enough of the content is novel. In general  , the quality of solutions increases with density. For the few times that the position uncertainty became too large  , we were able to re-estimate initial positions using hill-climbing and GSL. At the current stage of our work  , the parameters are selected through exhaustive search or manually hill-climbing search. Therefore  , a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search is used to optimize mean average precision by starting at the full independence parameter setting λT = 1  , λO = λU = 0. In this case it is advisable to choose the optimum slope which requires the nummum energy consumption. The relocalization subsystem then used hill-climbing to find the best match between these two grids and output the estimated error. During these experiments  , transient changes were present  , in the form of people moving past the robot as it constructed these evidence grids. A hill-climbing gradient ascent technique described independently by Sanderson 9 and Jarvis 4 is to compute the criterion function  , move the lens  , recompute the Criterion function  , and look at the sign of the difference of the criterion. As can be seen  , the energy function corresponding to the optimal assignment metric yields ibetter results than the overlap metric in all cases. In general  , the fitness of the composite operator is adjusted as  By adjusting the operator fitness  , we balance the exploration of new search space and the exploitation of promising solutions found by the hill-climbing algo- rithm. Anyway  , the C parameter tuning is a very time and labor intensive work so that we need some automatic hill-climbing parameter calibration given enough computing power. We needed to index most of the content  , so indexing the content with partial noise was preferred to the one where some content blocks are unrecognized. The ultimate goal of this work is the development of 3D machines that can cross rugged  , natural andl manmade terrains. The heading is then modified so that the robot moves towards the stronger reading. In 8  , we analyzed a simple vision-motion planning problem and concluded that hill-climbing is useful to limit a search space at each stage of DP. In this paper we present a randomized and hill-climbing technique which starts with an initial priority scheme and optimizes this by swapping two randomly chosen robots. For forward selection  , the generation of candidate alternatives to a current model relies on the addition of edges  , because graphical models are completely defined by their edges or two-factor terms. The method searches for the weights that correspond to the best projection of data in the ddimensional space according to S&D. This phase follows a hill climbing strategy   , that is  , in each iteration  , a new partition is computed from the previous one by performing a set of modifications movements of vertices between communities. To increase the chance of forming a good solution we repeat the random walk or trial a number of times  , each time beginning with a random initial feasible solution. Since EIL for M CICM where the limiting campaign has high effectiveness property or for COICM in general are submodular and monotone  , the hill climbing approach provides a 1 − 1/e ap- proximation 10  , 36 for these problems. However the substantial time required and perhaps the complexity of implementing such methods has led to the widespread use of simpler heuristics  , such as hill-climbing 8 and greedy methods. We shall examine normalized vectors to see if it helps for an easier parameter tuning. The small number of queries in the testing dataset precluded the use of any statistical significance tests. Rather  , it selects a successor at random  , and moves to that successor provided that there is an improvement of MP C. The computation usually halts when we have not been able to choose a better successor after a fixed number of attempts. In other search engines such as Hill-Climbing  , it is clear that starting from a good location can significantly improve chances for convergence to an optimal solution in a much shorter time. Given that the Meet space is unlikely to be convex  , there is no guarantee that this greedy hill climbing approach will find a global optimum  , but  , as we will show  , it tends to reliably find good solutions for our particular problem. Since our parameter space is small  , we make use of a simple hill climbing strategy  , although other more sophisticated approaches are possible 10. Under the experiment's conditions  , the maximum speed on smooth level ground was 4 2 c d s or approximately 2.5 body lengths per second. The goal was to apply SBMPC to the hill climbing problem in a computationally efficient manner. However  , one recursive coarsening step already improves results considerably over mere hill climbing on the original mesh at level 0. For this  , we consider how many hill climbing steps the approach requires at each level and how many grasps need to be compared in each of these steps. In order to maintain a heading close to the centre of the chemical plume the robot employs a hill-climbing strategy in which the robot turns to take sensor readings to the left and right of its current heading. All of the timings in this section were done on a 120MHz Pentium PC running Linux  , and the code was compiled using the gcc compiler with optimisation turned on  , This figure illustrates clearly the usefulness of hill-climbing  , with the effect being most noticeable for larger hulls. Despite previous refinements to avoid overfitting the data used for ensemble hill- climbing 3   , our experiments show that ensemble selection is still prone to overfitting when the hillclimb set is small. For large document clusters  , it has been found to yield good results in practice  , i.e. The presentation emphasizes the importance of using a closed-loop model i.e. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. The idea of considering both similarity and cost is motivated in Section 4.2.   , pagelinks.sql  , categorylinks.sql  , and redirect.sql  , which provide all the relevant data including the hyperlinks between articles  , categories of articles   , and the category system. These latter effects probably account for the increase in average time per operation for the hill-climbing version to around 250-300ns; the difference in the code for these two methods is tiny. When a local maximum is reached with a stepsize of 0.125 feet and 0.125 degrees  , the search is stopped and the resulting maximum is output as the transformation between the two evidence grids. Besides the discrete design variables  , the size of the search space is further increased by six continuously varying parameters defining the position and orientation of the space shuttle with respect to the satellite. The speed limitations are expected to be particularly important when planning minimum time paths on undulating terrain. Given the vertex We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. The final solution to the optimization problem is a setting of the parameters w and a pruning threshold that is a local maximum for the Meet metric. In order to test this observation we ran experiments with the four variations of hill climbing 2 variable selection  2 value selection mechanisms using query sets of 6 and 15 variables over datasets of I000 uniformly distributed rectangles with densities of 0.1 and 1. Figure 7a presents the performance of the predictive hill climbing approachPHCA and the degree centralityDegi  heuristic under various amounts of missing information for the case where the limiting campaign L is started with 30% delay. The expected log-likelihood 14 i s maximized using EM  , a popular niethod for hill climbing in likelihood space for problems with latent variables 2. Finally  , note that we have assumed here that the coordinates of the object vertices are available on There is a catch though: whereas in visualisation we usually view from single directions  , in simulation we are likely to want to keep track of distances between many pairs of objects lo . We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. Unlike previous work  , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. Deep learning with bottom-up transfer DL+BT: A deep learning approach with five-layer CAES and one fully connected layer. Deep learning with no transfer DL 14: A deep learning approach with five convolutional layers and three fully connected layers. However  , using deep learning for temporal recommendation has not yet been extensively studied. When further integrating transfer learning to deep learning  , DL+TT  , DL+BT and DL+FT achieve better performance than the DL approach. In this paper  , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. Our approach provides a novel point of view to Wikipedia quality classification. Besides  , the idea of deep learning has motivated researchers to use powerful generative models with deep architectures to learn better discriminative models 21. 42 proposed deep learning approach modeling source code. This shows stronger learning and generalization abilities of deep learning than the hand-crafted features. Our learning to rank method is based on a deep learning model for advanced text representations using distributional word embeddings . 23 took advantage of learning deep belief nets to classify facial action units in realistic face images. The relation between deep learning and emotion is given in Sect. Recent developments in representation learning deep learning 5 have enabled the scalable learning of such models. We use a variation of these models 28  to learn word vector representation word embeddings that we track across time. We consider MV-DNN as a general Deep learning approach in the multi-view learning setup. Many researchers recognize that even exams tend to evaluate surface learning   , and that deep learning is not something that would surface until long after a course has finished 5 . We propose the DL2R system based on three novel insights: 1 the integration of multidimension of ranking evidences  , 2 context-based query reformulations with ranked lists fusion  , and 3 deep learning framework for the conversational task. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. Additionally  , we report the results from a recent deep learning system in 38 that has established the new state-of-the-art results in the same setting. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. Allamanis and Sutton 3 trains n-gram language model a giga-token source code corpus. When dealing with small amounts of labelled data  , starting from pre-trained word embeddings is a large step towards successfully training an accurate deep learning system. First  , was the existing state of the art  , Flat-COTE  , significantly better than current deep learning approaches for TSC ? Second  , we propose reducing the visual appearance gap by applying deep learning techniques. On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. Some of them are deep cost of learning and large size of action-state space. Then  , we learn the combinations of different modalities by multi kernel learning. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos  , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. for which the discontinuities only remain for the case of deep penetrations. However  , despite its impressive performance Flat-COTE has certain deficiencies. We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. Together with the self-learning knowledge base  , NRE makes a deep injection possible. 27 empirically showed that having more queries but shallow documents performed better than having less queries but deep documents. Next  , we describe our deep learning model and describe our experiments. Word2Vec 6 provides vector representation of words by using deep learning. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. scoring  , and ranked list fusion. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications  , e.g. Our work is taking advantage of deep models to extract robust facial features and translate them to recognize facial emotions. In our work we propose a novel deep learning approach extended from the Deep Structured Semantic Models DSSM 9 to map users and items to a shared semantic space and recommend items that have maximum similarity with users in the mapped space. In this paper we address the aforementioned challenges through a novel Deep Tensor for Probabilistic Recommendation DTPR method. The instance learning method presented in the paper has been experimentally evaluated on a dataset of 100 Deep Web Pages randomly selected from most known Deep Web Sites. Table 1reports the precision  , recall and F-measure calculated for the proposed method. In addition  , a comparison between a state-of-the-art BoVW approach and our deep multi-label CNN was performed on the publicly available  , fully annotated NUSWIDE scene dataset 7 . learn to extract a meaningful representation for each review text for different products using a deep learning approach in an unsupervised fashion 9. Deep learning with full transfer DL+FT i.e.  We introduce a deep learning model for prediction. For each of the features  , we describe our motivation and the method used for extraction below. The mentorship dataset is collected from 16 famous universities such as Carnegie Mellon and Stanford in the field of computer science. In this paper  , we propose a " deep learning-to-respond " framework for open-domain conversation systems. Given a query with context  , the proposed model would return a response—which has the highest overall merged ranking score F. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema.  Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. Using deep learning approaches for recommendation systems has recently received many attentions 20  , 21  , 22. It yielded semantically accurate results and well-localized segmentation maps. In this experiment  , the magazine page detection time is measured for four scenarios with all 4 types of features. Deep learning has recently been proposed for building recommendation systems for both collaborative and content based approaches. In Sections 4 and 5  , we introduce the detailed mechanisms of contextual query reformulation and the deep learning-to-respond architecture. We demonstrate that Flat-COTE is significantly better than both deep learning approaches. However  , the current state of the art is confirmed to be Flat-COTE and our next objective is to evaluate whether HIVE-COTE is a significant improvement. First  , we have designed an ontology specific for personal photos from 10 ,000 active users in Flickr. Deep learning with top-down transfer DL+TT: The same architecture and training set as DL except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. Our model also outperforms a deep learning based model while avoiding the problem of having to retrain embeddings on every iteration. This ranking based objective has shown to be better for recommendation systems 9. We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques  , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . To assess the effectiveness and generality of our deep learning model for text matching  , we apply it on tweet reranking task. The framework can integrate other information such as reviewer's information  , product information  , etc. The learned representations can be used in realizing the tasks  , with often enhanced performance . In the second phase  , we trained the DNN model on the training set by using tensorflow 8   , the deep learning library from Google. The proposed deep learning model was applied to the data collected from the Academic Genealogy Wiki project. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 40 . In addition  , deep learning technologies can be implemented in further research. As mentioned earlier weather data has many specific characteristics which depend on time and spatial location. Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding. On the second task  , our model demonstrates that previous state-of-the-art retrieval systems can benefit from using our deep learning model. This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 11. We implement a CNN using a common framework and conduct experiments on 85 datasets. Here we adopted an approach similar to 46  , but with a topic model that enhances submission correctness and provides a self-learning knowledge expansion model. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema. Therefore   , all these heterogeneous ranking evidences are integrated together through the proposed Deep Learning-to-Respond schema. Given a human-issued message as the query  , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. We believe that having an explicit symbolic representation is an advantage to vector-based models like deep learning because of direct interpretability . We presented a deep learning methodology for human part segmentation that uses refinements based on a stack of upconvolutional layers. A widely used method for traffic speed prediction is the autoregressive integrated moving average ARIMA model 1. In this paper  , we proposed a novel deep learning method called eRCNN for traffic speed prediction of high accuracy. Our work seeks to address two questions: first  , is Flat-COTE more accurate than deep learning approaches for TSC ? In the following  , we give a problem formulation and provide a brief overview of learning to rank approaches. Consequently we decided to instead identify evidence of 'critical thinking' by capturing the transcripts of the students' communication events and by interviewing them on their perceptions of the benefits of the technologies. We first point out when we apply deep learning to the problems  , we in fact learn representations of natural language in the problems. While our model allows for learning the word embeddings directly for a given task  , we keep the word matrix parameter W W W static. We propose several effective and scalable dimensionality reduction techniques that reduce the dimension to a reasonable size without the loss of much information. This section explains our deep learning model for reranking short text pairs. In this paper  , we present a novel framework for learning term weights using distributed representations of words from the deep learning literature. Instead of relying solely on the anomalous features and extracting them greedily  , we have used deep learning approach of learning and subsequently reducing the feature set. Recent  , deep learning has shown its success in feature learning for many computer vision problem  , You et al. The research goal of the project is to test the hypothesis that this deep customization can lead to dramatic improvements in teaching and learning. We motivate the framework by adopting the word vectors to represent terms and further to represent the query due to the ability to represent things semantically of word vectors. The characteristics of requiring very little engineering by hand makes it easily discover interesting patterns from large-scale social media data.  Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. The method is based on: i a novel positional document object model that represents both spatial and visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of Web browser in rendered Deep Web pages; ii a novel visual similarity measure that exploit the rectangular cardinal relation spatial model for computing visual similarity between nodes of the PDOM.  Supervised hashing: Cross-Modal Similarity-Sensitive Hashing CMSSH 6 5  , Semantic Correlation Maximization SCM 28   , and Quantized Correlation Hashing QCH are supervised hashing methods which embed multimodal data into a common Hamming space using supervised metric learning. The model consists of several components: a Deep Semantic Structured Model DSSM 11 to model user static interests; two LSTM-based temporal models to capture daily and weekly user temporal patterns; and an LSTM temporal model to capture global user interests. DL + FT achieved the best Tag ranking DTL GFK DLFlickr DL DL+TT DL+BT DL+FT DL+withinDomain Figure 7: The top-N error rates of different approaches for tagging personal photos and an ideal performance obtained by training and testing on ImageNet denoted as DL+withinDomain. Specifically   , in our data sets with News  , Apps and Movie/TV logs  , instead of building separate models for each of the domain that naively maps the user features to item features within the domain  , we build a novel multi-view model that discovers a single mapping for user features in the latent space such that it is jointly optimized with features of items from all domains. We found that though our method gives results that are quite similar to the baseline case when prediction is done in 6 h before the event  , it gives significantly better performance when prediction is done 24 h and 48 h before the events. While the problemtailored heuristics and the search-oriented heuristics require deep knowledge on the problem characteristics to design problem-solving procedures or to specify the search space  , the learning-based heuristics try t o automatically capture the search control knowledge or the common features of good solutions t o solve the given problem. This paper focuses on the development of a learning-based heuristic for the MSP. Deep learning approaches generalize the distributional word matching problem to matching sentences and take it one step further by learning the optimal sentence representations for a given task. To address the above issues  , we present a novel transfer deep learning approach with ontology priors to tag personal photos. The main contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this paper is one of the first attempts to design a domain-specific ontology for personal photos and solve the tagging problem by transfer deep learning. This has certain advantages like a very fast training procedure that can be applied to massive amounts of data  , as well as a better understanding of the model compared to increasingly popular deep learning architectures e.g. Our deep learning model has a ranking based objective which aims at ranking positive examples items that users like higher than negative examples. We also showed how to extend this framework to combine data from different domains to further improve the recommendation quality. Despite the fact that most of the evaluation in this paper used proprietary data  , the framework should be able to generalize to other data sources without much additional effort as shown in Section 9 using a small public data set. To understand the content of the ad creative from a visual perspective  , we tag the ad image with the Flickr machine tags  , 17 namely deep-learning based computer vision classifiers that automatically recognize the objects depicted in a picture a person  , or a flower. Similar to our work  , to predict CTR for display ads  , 4 and 23 propose to exploit a set of hand-crafted image and motion features and deep learning based visual features  , respectively . Traditional Aesthetic Predictor: What if existing aesthetic frameworks were general enough to assess crowdsourced beauty ? We create a huge conversational dataset from Web  , and the crawled data are stored as an atomic unit of natural conversations: an utterance  , namely a posting  , and its reply. Till now  , we have validated that deep learning structures  , contextual reformulations and integrations of multi-dimensions of ranking evidences are effective. To give deep insights into the proposed model  , we illustrate these two aspects by using intuitive examples in detail. This work is a first step towards learning deep semantics of review content using skip-thought vectors in review rating prediction. At the same time it is not possible to tune the word embeddings on the training set  , as it will overfit due to the small number of the query-tweet pairs available for training. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos  , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. In order to scale the system up  , we propose several dimensionality reduction techniques to reduce the number of features in the user view. As a pilot study  , we believe that this work has opened a new door to recommendation systems using deep learning from multiple data sources. Given that the image features we consider are based on a state-ofthe-art deep learning library  , it is interesting to compare the performance of image-related features with a similar signal derived from the crowd. Data augmentation  , in our context  , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. To compute the similarity score we use an approach used in the deep learning model of 38  , which recently established new state-of-the-art results on answer sentence selection task. We model the mixedscript features jointly in a deep-learning architecture in such a way that they can be compared in a low-dimensional abstract space. We thus aim to apply an automatic feature engineering approach from deep learning in future works to automatically generate the correct ranking function. Moreover  , we aim to integrate HAWK in domain-specific information systems where the more specialized context will most probably lead to higher F-measures. The proposed approach is founded on: In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. With the recent success in many research areas 1   , deep learning techniques have attracted increasing attention. In contrast to 9  , which is applied to text applications  , we need to handle the high-dimensional problem of images  , which results in more difficulties. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. The DNN ranker  , serving as the core of " deep learning-to-rank " schema  , models the relation between two sentences query versus context/posting/reply. The proposed method can find the equivalents of the query term across the scripts; the original query is then expanded using the thus found equivalents. In this work  , we propose a deep learning approach with a SAE model for mining advisor-advisee relationships. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. Viola and Jones 20  , 21 In recent years  , deep learning arouses academia and industrial attentions due to its magic in computer vision. We demonstrate that the standard approach is no better than dynamic time warping  , and both are significantly less accurate than the current state of the art. Specifically  , this paper has the following contributions:  We develop a supervised classification methodology with NLP features to outperform a deep learning approach . The high efficiency ensures an immediate response  , and thus the transfer deep learning approach with two modes can be adopted as a prototype model for real-time mobile applications  , such as photo tagging and event summarization on mobile devices. Accomplishing all this in a small project would be impossible if the team were building everything from scratch. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 15  , hence selecting educational resources that address these concepts is a critical task in supporting learners. Emerging new OCR approaches based on deep learning would certainly profit from the large set of training data. Additionally  , we note that a catalog of occurrences of glyphs can in itself be interesting  , for example to date or attribute printed works 2. More recently  , Wang and Wang 10  used deep leaning techniques which perform feature learning from audio signals and music recommendation in a unified framework. Finally  , many systems work with distributed vector representations for words and RDF triples and use various deep learning techniques for answer selection 10  , 31. In all of these works  , external resources are used to train a lexicon for matching questions to particular KB queries. However  , their model operates only on unigram or bigrams  , while our architecture learns to extract and compose n-grams of higher degrees  , thus allowing for capturing longer range dependencies. We present a joint NMF method which incorporates crowdbased emotion labels on articles and generates topic-specific factor matrices for building emotion lexicons via compositional semantics. In recent years  , alongside the enhancement of ASR technologies with deep learning 17  , various studies suggested advanced methods for voice search ASR and reported further performance enhancements. There is actually a series of variants of DL2R model with different components and different context utilization strategies. However   , while the word embeddings obtained at the previous step should already capture important syntactic and semantic aspects of the words they represent  , they are completely clueless about their sentiment behaviour. We are going to create JoBimText models 30 and extend those to interconnected graphs  , where we introduce new semantic relations between the nodes. A person can observe the existence and configuration of another persons body directly  , however all aspects of other people's minds must be inferred from observing their behaviour together with other information. Instance learning approaches exploit regularities available in Deep Web pages in terms of DOM structures for detecting data records and their data items. The previous study in 8 seeks to discover hidden schema model for query interfaces on deep Web. Recent IE systems have addressed scalability with weakly supervised methods and bootstrap learning techniques. Our techniques highlight the importance of low-level computer vision features and demonstrate the power of certain semantic features extracted using deep learning. In particular  , by training a neural language model 8  on millions of Wikipedia documents  , the authors first construct a semantic space where semantically close words are mapped to similar vector representations. This has a negative impact on the performance of our deep learning model since around 40% of the word vectors are randomly initialized. The learning component uses a data-driven and model-free approach for training the recurrent neural net  , which becomes an embedded part of a hybrid control scheme effective during execution. One of the challenges in studying an agent's understanding of others is that observed phenomena like behaviours can sometimes be explained as simple stimulus-response learning  , rather than requiring deep understanding. In this study  , we want to learn the weather attributes which are mainly in the form of real numbered values and thus have chosen stacked auto-encoder architecture of deep learning for the purpose. To summarize  , the contributions in this work are: 1 use rich user features to build a general-purpose recommendation system  , 2 propose a deep learning approach for content-based recommendation systems and study different techniques to scale-up the system  , 3 introduce the novel Multi-View Deep learning model to build recommendation systems by combining data sets from multiple domains  , 4 address the user cold start issue which is not well-studied in literature by leveraging the semantic feature mapping learnt from the multi-view DNN model  , and 5 perform rigorous experiments using four real-world large-scale data set and show the effectiveness of the proposed system over the state-of-the-art methods by a significantly large margin. Alternative solutions to this challenging problem were explored using a " Figure 1: Example of a PMR query and its relevant technote like " competition  , where several different research and development teams within IBM have explored various retrieval approaches including those that employ both state-of-theart and novel QA  , NLP  , deep-learning and learning-to-rank techniques. For each of the detectable objects  , the Flickr classifiers output a confidence score corresponding to the probability that the object is represented in the image. It breaks the task at hand into the following components: 1. a tensor construction stage of building user-item-tag correlation; 2. a tensor decomposition stage learning factors for each component mode; 3. a stage of tensor completion  , which computes the creativity value of tag pairs; and 4. a recommender stage that ranks the candidate items according to both precision and creative consideration . Hence  , in this paper we adopt a simple pointwise method to reranking and focus on modelling a rich representation of query-document pairs using deep learning approaches which is described next. The deep learning features outperform other features for the one-per-user and user-mix settings but not the user-specific setting. This result indicates that IdeaKeeper scaffoldings assisted students to focus on more important work than less salient activities in online inquiry. Even though  , in general  , changing the goal may lead to substantial modifications in the basins of attraction  , the expectation is that problems successfully dealt with in their first occurrence difficult cases reported for RPP are traps and deep local minima A general framework for learning in path planning has been proposed by Chen 8.  We investigate the relative importance of individual features  , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image  , another where each user has several thousand images  , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. Copyrights for third-party components of this work must be honored. Specifically  , in this work  , we propose a multi-rate temporal deep learning model that jointly optimizes long-term and short-term user interests to improve the recommendation quality. Table 4 shows that even by just using the user preferences among categories together with crowd-derived category information   , we can obtain an accuracy of 0.85 compared with 0.77 for Image+User features  , suggesting that crowdsourced image categorisation is more powerful than current image recognition and classification technology. 3 In this paper we propose a machine learning method that takes as input an ontology matching task consisting of two ontologies and a set of configurations and uses matching task profiling to automatically select the configuration that optimizes matching effectiveness. Recommendation systems and content personalization play increasingly important role in modern online web services. In this framework  , a slow  , globally effective planner is invoked when a fast but less effective planner fails  , and significant subgoal configurations found are remembered t o enhance future success chances of the fast planner. The rest of this paper is organized as following  , first we review major approaches in recommendation systems including papers that focus on the cold start problem in Section 2; in Section 3  , we describe the data sets we work with and detail the type of features we use to model the user and the items in each domain  , respectively. We then review the basic DSSM model and discuss how it could be extended for our setting in Section 4; in Section 5  , we introduce the multi-view deep learning model in details and discuss its advantages ; in Section 6  , we discuss the dimension reduction methods to scale-up the model; in Section 7  , 8  , 9 & 10  , we present a comprehensive empirical study; we finally conclude in Section 11 and suggest several future work. Run dijkstra search from the final node as shown in Fig.6. Run dijkstra search from the initial node as shown in Fig.5.2. Thus  , Dijkstra quickly becomes infeasible for practical purposes; it takes 10 seconds for 1000 services per task  , and almost 100 seconds for 3000 services per task. There are  , however  , important differences. For each node  , add the costs computed by the two dijkstra searches. Dijkstra's point was important then and no less significant now. Boolean assertions in programming languages and testing frameworks embody this notion. Selected statistics can be found in Table 2. These operations are executed through the standard semaphore technique Dijkstra DijSS using only one lock type. The language was influenced significantly by the Dijkstra " guarded command language " 4 and CSP lo . This approach provides a clean  , powerful method for working with a program specification to either derive a program structure which correctly implements the specification  , or just as important to identify portions of the specification which are incomplete or inconsistent. This heuristic only searches over the 2D grid map of the base layer with obstacles inflated by the base inner circle. The robot in this comparison is a differentially driven wheelchair and the lower bound eq. The Reverse Dijkstra heuristic is as described in Section 3.2.3 and shows significant improvement. The VLBG creates a graph where each node corresponds to a state that the vehicle may visit. The heuristic for the planner uses a 2D Dijkstra search from the goal state. Using Dijkstra or other graph searching methods  , a path between the start and goal configuration is then easily found. Finally  , the GETHEURISTIC function is called on every state encountered by the search. The robot then uses a Dijkstra-based graph search 20 to find the shortest path to the destination. Program building blocks are features that use AspectJ as the underlying weaving technology . The colors have the following semanticsWhen marking is over  , all the reachable objects have been detected as such and examined  , and are therefore black. The runtime of Dijkstra significantly increases  , as the number of services per task increases. The purpose of this circular region is to maintain an admissible heuristic despite having an underspecified search goal. On the contrary  , the " shortest path " also called " geodesic " or " Dijkstra "  distance between nodes of a graph does not necesarily decrease when connections between nodes are added  , and thus does not capture the fact that strongly connected nodes are closer than weakly connected nodes. In any case  , whichever way has been followed to actually build the program  , it is illuminating to be able to study and examine it by increasing levels of details at the reader's convenience. As a consequence our ability to manage large software systems simply breaks down once a certain threshold complexity is approached. In his 1968 letter  , Dijkstra noted that the programmer manipulates source code as a way to achieve a desired change in the program's behaviour; that is  , the executions of the program are what is germane  , and the source code is an indirect vehicle for achieving those behaviours. We are reaching the point where we are willing to tie ourselves down by declaring in advance our variable types  , weakest preconditions  , and the like. The third component is identification of documents for human relevance assessment. No one advocates or teaches this style of description  , so why do people use it instead of the more precise vocabulary of computer science ? One of the ways in which object-oriented programming helps us to do more  , to cope with the everincreasing variety of objects that our programs are asked to manipulate  , is by encouraging the programmer to provide diverse objects with uniform protocol. Their method  , called Horizontal Decomposition HD  , decomposes programs hierarchically a la Dijkstra 11 using levels of abstraction and step-wise refinement. If the precomputations would have to be run often  , we suggest not using the precomputations and instead running the Dijkstra search in AFTERGOAL with an unsorted array Section IV-B.1. We found that this makes all methods slower by 0.02s but it avoids the need for precomputation. While this heuristic captures some information about obstacles in the environment  , it does not account for the orientation of the robot. We used the idea of motion compression in order to apply Dual Dijkstra Search to motion planning of 7 DOF arm. The latter corresponds to placing a state-dependent conditions akin to Dijkstra guards on the servicing of PI operation 12 HRT-UML draws from the Ravenscar Profile the restrictions on the use of these invocation constraints. E. W. Dijkstra  , in his book on structured pro- gramming 7   , describes a backtracking solution with pruning   , which we implemented in Java for the purpose of our experiment. We will see that there is a direct route from Newton via Dijkstra to the programme put forward by Gaudel and her collaborators 7 ,8. Accordingly  , the marking agent successively examines all the reachable objects  , In order to remember which objects have already been examined  , and which ones still need to be  , the agent uses three color marking  , a method introduced by Dijkstra et al. The current implementation of the VLBG it is based upon a graph search technique derived from Dijkstra search. Depending on the result of the graph search  , the robot will approach and follow another street repeat the corresponding actions in the plan  , or stop if the crossing corresponds to the desired destination. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. The automatic generation of weakest assumptions has direct application to the assume-guarantee proof; it removes the burden of specifying assumptions manually thus automating this type of reasoning. We will briefly examine why these ideas are misguided based as they are on intuition about the nature of testing and how they may be reformulated to take account of scientific principles. This is shown in Figure 2c  , where a state with a smaller Dijkstra distance heuristic was sampled in the narrow passage. Algebraic axioms are particularly apt for describing the relationships between operations and for indicating how these operations are meant to be used. We also foresee that pruned landmark trees could be dynamically updated under edge insertions and deletions using techniques similar to those outlined in Tretyakov et al. To copy otherwise  , to republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. The methods were presented for the case of undirected unweighed graphs  , but they can be generalized to support weighted and directed graphs by replacing BFS with Dijkstra traversal and storing two separate trees for each landmark – one for incoming paths and another for outgoing ones. To make software evolution easier  , Dijkstra 9 and Parnas 18 recommended that any particular program be developed as though it is a member of a family of potential programs that share some common properties  , facilitated through appropriate abstraction of these commonalities. Among the more important concepts in systems  , languages  , and programming methodology during the last several years are those of data type Hoare 72  , clean control structure Dijkstra 72  , Hoare 74  , and capability-based addressing Fabry 74. It was pointed out by Dijkstra that the structural complexity of a large software system is greater than that of any other system constructed by man 3  , and that man's ability to handle complexity is severely limited DI ,D2. The common thread here is that the most plausible experiments are on real or realistic data; search tasks such as to find the documents on computer science in a collection of chemical abstracts seeded with a small number of articles by Knuth and Dijkstra are unlikely to be persuasive Tague-Sutcliffe  , 1992. The concept of program families evolved into the notion that reusable assets focused on a well-defined domain  , in the context of a domain-specific architecture  , show more promise in reducing development time 2 ,6 ,22. This ratio inand hence ~speedupnducsll~thesquarerootoftheradiusofthe largest domain  , and hence our earlier observation that the benefit of our scheme decreases as the domains am made bigger by decreasing the total manber of domains. These concepts are contributing to an increasingly coherent object-oriented view of programming  , manifested in the language developments of the Alphard and CLU groups Jones/Liskov 76  , in the systems work of Hydra at Carnegie-Mellon Wulf 74  , Wulf 75 and similar systems e.g.