In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. There is a generator of random changes which is a procedure that takes a random step from λ to λ + Δλ. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. , NDCG by using the Simulated Annealing which uses a modification of downhill Simplex method for the next candidate move to find the global min- imum. Some other approaches for directly optimizing IR measures use Genetic Programming 1  , 49 or approximate the IR measures with the functions that are easy-to-handle 44  , 12. Here  , graph equality means isomor- phism. Then  , k-Bisimk-Bisim ref G = k- BisimG. Where TSV means Term Selection Value that is used to rank terms. k 4 '  ,k 5   , k 6 are parameters. a variable for the solving method. are free of aT  , a u k k f z means of %'-configuration vectors. it contains only diagonal elements. For the constant elasticity case this means that K J = diag{K J ,i }  , i.e. Steady trending means a good performance on model robustness. a set K=100  , and b set K=200. A smaller k value means that the expanded query terms are less important. Finally we decide to apply k=1 and k=0.75 respectively. We now examine the bid variation in accounts. The means bj of the ad groups in a campaign k are themselves drawn from a normal distribution with mean b k   , and the campaign means are normal with mean b h : ∩ f k − → r  , which describe the training data by means of feature-relevance associations. . That means a cloned h-fragment of a k-fragment must have its size h in the range This implies kσ ≤ h ≤ k/σ. Figure 1 depicts the investigated scenario. where c i c k means that c i is related to c k through a subsumption relationship. The extra cost incurred by this extension involves storing additional information. This means that there exists a 0 k such that u k is not contained in A;. As we increase σ k   , the performance in both Figure first increases and thereafter declines slightly. The larger σ k means the model has more tively. Thus the complexity of computing one context-aware rating is exponential in the number of modes and polynomial in the number of factors. k := k l   , this means a computational complexity of Ok m . Figure 5shows the experimental results. We also use the Suc@k which means that percentage of queries for which at least one relevance result is ranked up to position k including k. K w : This database models the plan-time effects of sensing actions with binary outcomes. K f can include any ground literal   , where ∈ K f means " the planner knows . " K- Means will tend to group sequences with similar sets of events into the same cluster. , as a distance metric. By changing the parameter k  , we can realize the variable viscosity elements. The above equation directly means the viscosity. This means that blog posts are modeled using a single QLM. We set the baseline using K = 1. This means that for k quality attributes  , Note that values 2  , 4  , 6  , and 8 represent compromises between these preferences. Intuitively this means that some classification information is lost after C  , is eliminated. tl  , t k are still distingusable. Standalone localization means that each robot estimates its position using its exteroceptive sensors data collected from the fixed beacons located in the evolution area. x 1 ,k  ,y 1 ,k  and x 2 ,k  ,y 2 ,k  are the positions of robots 1 and 2 at each instant k and i b 1 . between the power of a matrix and its spectral information e.g. Then we can obtain W k x = λ k x  , which means W k has the same eigenvector as W and the k-th power of the same eigenvalue λ k . Schematically  , preservation means that the state of ω stays within the same ≡ I -equivalence class. Formally  , preserving ω with respect to an interpretation I means that for each t  , 0 ≤ t ≤ k  , we have Is t  = Is 0 . O having overlapping sources of inconsistencies means that K ∩ K = ∅. – Overlapping: there are more than one set of axioms that are needed to produce an inconsistency in an ontology and they are interweaved with one another. When two sets of inconsistent axioms are overlapping  , it indicates that certain axioms contribute more to the inconsistencies and these axioms are possibly more problematic than others. Virtual targets are predicted using input-output maps implemented efficiently by means of a k-d tree short for k-dimensional tree a  , 91. Especially  , we focus on self improvement in the task performance. This implies that M F k is also aperiodic and together with irreducibility this means that M F k is ergodic. Moreover  , there are non-zero selfloop probabilities for every state. This can be seen based on the following two observations: The rationale behind these operations is that the K-γoverlap graph of P can be transformed into the K-γ-overlap graph of p by means of these operations. As mentioned earlier  , X k ,j denotes the corresponding user feature vector. Thus  , y kj = 1 implies user k converted on campaign j while y kj = 0 means she did not. Put simply  , the private data set is modified so that each record is indistinguishable from at least k − 1 other records. K-anonymity 24  , 25  , 26  , 29  , 30  has been proposed as a means to preserving privacy in data releases. This means that our current implementation only approximates the top-k items. Also note the current top-k bag-of-words approach shown in GREEDY-TAAT is based entirely on the frequency counts of each item. This means that we would do EA_LB_Keogh 2k-1 times  , without early abandoning. Imagine that we might have chosen W with size of K = 1  , and the query Q is within r of all k candidates. Variable reduction is illustrated in example 3. A value k of variable b i means there are k transactions from equivalence class i in the tidset  , hence it is constrained to be at most the number of variables it substitutes. are non-negative  , it means there is a solution for candidate migration. Here S K i is denotes the amount o f k-itemsets for node i to send out. This means that there are less than k objects in our constrained region. We should also note what happens when there are less than k optimal answers in the data set. The repetitive controller then try to cancel this non-periodic disturbance after one period in order to bring E r k to zero. This means that the signal E r k still contains the effect of the non-periodic disturbance. This means that the user has seen at least 3 different values for the same d − k combination key and potential tracker respectively. In the current configuration  , k l is 3 and t l is 7 days. Clustered multi-index. This means that we only need to check clusters whose keys have a Hamming distance in the range HQ  , P −k  , HQ  , P +k namely  , clusters Cj with We can observe that the prediction accuracy increases first when k increases and then becomes stable or even slightly decreases when k > 30 for all three groups of experiments. Here legend Src+Target means using both source graph edges and labeled target graph edges without instance weighting  , and IW means our instance weighting method. Mandelbrot noticed extreme variability of second empirical moments of financial data  , which could be interpreted as nonexistence of the theoretical second moments  , i.e. Initially attention was focused on the Lindeberg condition which in more broad sense means that 1 is not dominated by any finite number increments ΔS k and in particular  , when increments are identically distributed  , it means V ΔS k  < ∞. This means that This means that the descendants of v h share at least a node with the descendants of v k but they do not belong to the same subtree. Such collections of values give anonymity to secret associations. Roughly speaking  , k-anonymity means that one can only be certain that a value is associated with one of at least k values. In the final  , a single point pi of the calligraphic character can be represented as a 32 dimensional vector. wik means the number of points that located in the k-th bin. At execution time  , the planner will have definite information about f 's value. K v can contain any unnested function term f   , where f ∈ K v means that at plan time the planner " knows the value of f . " Compared with the baseline  , the performances for all K > 1 were significantly improved  , and the best performance was obtained when using K = 500. This fact means that these two categories are strongly connected to haptic information  , and granularities of these categories are different. K = 2 for a and K = 10 for b  , are used. by the means ofˆcofˆ ofˆc i and T k   , before being projected into the corresponding image. : the featurê y j must first be transformed into the coordinate frame of the i th keyframe of camera k  , i.e. That means as long as the cut-point k 1 is within the tolerance range we consider the term as similar  , outside the tolerance range it is dissimilar. 10% of k 1 . In this section we discuss the notion of k-anonymity in an intuitive manner and provide some reasons why it is nontrivial to check releasing views for k-anonymity violation. It means that outside users can never make sure which one of k property values an entity e is certainly associated with  , except when they are be able to exclude k − 1 values from them using some external knowledge . By definition  , if a view set does not violate k-anonymity  , any of its association covers must have at least k associations in it. This means we can only include targets for which our methods find at least K source candidates which naturally shrinks the set of test targets. , K. We first calculate the K precision values for each target separately and then compute the aggregate value for each k by averaging over all targets. The above EM procedure is ensured to converge  , which means that the log-likelihood of all observed ratings given the current model estimate is always nondecreasing. where U k   , S k   , and V k are matrices composed of the top k left singular vectors  , singular values  , and right singular vectors  , respectively. The value of Qo is similarly an increasing function of K which in this case means that as K increases the range of batch sizes over which the GS policy is more desirable increases. The value of p o is an increasing function of K so that the range of utilizations over which the GS policy is more desirable increases as K decreases. This result corresponds to the feature as mentioned in Section 4.1. This means that this k e d point is saddle-type and unstable. The vector of parameters to be optimised is given byˆP by the means ofˆcofˆ ofˆc i and T k   , before being projected into the corresponding image. This section is divided into four subsections. This just means that the mask update rate would be slower than the object localization update r a k . That means watermarking object should have the largest number of 16xl6 macro blocks. We select the most important blocks set with the maximum k as watermarking objects. which means that after k control steps the signal reaches the confidence zone. The controlled system's transfer function under perturbation becomes: When k increases  , the optimal b becomes negative . This means that diversifying top-10 search results reduces the risk of not returning any relevant documents. This means that RCDR successfully preserved information useful for estimating target orders. The difference was particularly clear when the number of dimensions K was small. The second parameter to be tested is the opinion similarity function. Similarity search A scoring function like a sequence kernel 9 is designed to measure similarity between formulae for similarity search. 0.25  , which are defined by experiences. Both key similarity search steps are covered by the generic similarity search model Section 3. The key mining and search steps are marked in Figure 3. Similarity search 15 allows users to search for pictures similar to pictures chosen as queries. Specifically  , feature descriptors that enable similarity search are automatically extracted. While the similarity is higher than a given threshold  , Candidate Page Getter gathers next N search results form search engine APIs and hands them to Similarity Analyzer. After receiving N search results from high ranking  , Similarity Analyzer calculates the similarity  , defined in 2.4  , between the seed-text and search result Web pages. We then propose four basic types of formula search queries: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. CH3COOH . The system can be accessed from: http: //eil.cs.txstate.edu/ServiceXplorer. In particular  , we demonstrate the search functions through three main search scenarios: service registration  , simple similarity search  , and advanced similarity search. To motivate similarity search for web services  , consider the following typical scenario. We identify the following important similarity search queries they may want to pose: The distinction between search and target concept is especially important for asymmetric similarity. Based on search  , target  , and context concept similarity queries may look like the following ones: At last  , all gathered pages are reranked with their similarity. After that  , Candidate Page Getter puts them to search engine API. Alternatively  , search results from a generic search engine can also be used  , where similarity between retrieved pages can be measured instead. A pairwise feature between two queries could be the similarity of their search results. ServiceXplorer also offers an advanced similarity search that enables users to locate services by selecting different index structures  , specifying QoS parameters and comparing the search performance with that of VSM. Advanced Similarity Search. Generally  , a chemical similarity search is to search molecules with similar structures as the query molecule. However  , sufficient knowledge to select substructures to characterize the desired molecules is required  , so the similarity search is desired to bypass the substructure selection. Interactive-time similarity search is particularly useful when the search consists of several steps. We have demonstrated that our implementation allows for interactive-time similarity search  , even over relatively large collections. Many applications with similarity search often involve a large amount of data  , which demands effective and efficient solutions. Similarity search has become an important technique in many information retrieval applications such as search and recommendation. distances to cosine similarity  , and further convert cosine similarity to L2 distance with saved 2-norms. For similarity search  , the sketch distances are directly used. Similarity name search Similarity name searches return names that are similar to the query. The ranking function is given as We propose four types of queries for chemical formula search: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. Then documents with CH4 get higher scores. structural similarity and keyword search use IR techniques. pattern search and substructure search deploy database operators to perform a search  , while some other ones e.g. In this paper  , we discuss a new method for conceptual similarity search for text using word-chaining which admits more efficient document-to-document similarity search than the standard inverted index  , while preserving better quality of results. This is also the first piece of work which treats the performance and quality issues of textual similarity search in one unified framework. For similarity search under cosine similarity  , this works well  , for only similarity close to 1 is interesting. We can see that the asymmetric estimator works well when cosine similarity is close to 1  , but degrades badly when smaller than 0. But performance is a problem if dimensionality is high. NN-search is a common way to implement similarity search. The Composite search mode supports queries where multiple elements can be combined. Figure 2gives an example of image similarity search. The combined search aggregates text and visual similarity. The combined search can be implemented in several ways: Unfortunately  , there is no available ground truth in the form of either exact document-document similarity values or correct similarity search results. SimilarDocument notion of similarity : Formalize the notion of similarity between Web documents using an external quality measure. In this paper  , we focus on similarity search with edit distance thresholds. The similarity between two strings can be measured by different metrics such as edit distance  , Jaccard similarity  , and cosine similarity. Ideally  , a similarity search system should be able to achieve high-quality search with high speed  , while using a small amount of space. The performance of a similarity search system can be measured in three aspects: search quality  , search speed  , and space requirement. Oyama and Tanaka 11 proposed a topic-structure-based search technique for Web similarity searching. Currently  , our similarity search for pages or passages is done using the vector space model and passage-feature vectors. The LSH Forest can be applied for constructing mainmemory   , disk-based  , parallel and peer-to-peer indexes for similarity search. We have presented a self-tuning index for similarity search called LSH Forest. MILOS indexes this tag with a special index to offer efficient similarity search. Specifically  , the <VisualDescriptor> tags  , in the figure  , contain scalable color  , color layout  , color structure  , edge histogram  , homogeneous texture information to be used for image similarity search. Among them hash-based methods were received more attention due to its ability of solving similarity search in high dimensional space. Extensive research on similarity search have been proposed in recent years. Similarity search has been a topic of much research in recent years. This situation poses a serious obstacle to the development of Web-scale content similarity search systems based on spatial indexing. Previous methods fall into two major categories based on different criteria to measure similarity. Concept similarity relies on a general ontology and a domain map built on the sub-collection. 2. an automatic search was then done by similarity of concepts with query and narrative fields just copied into the search mask. For Web pages  , the problem is less serious because pages are usually longer than search queries. In 15  , similarity between two queries was computed from both the keywords similarity and the common search result landing pages selected by users. Retrieved ranked results of similarity and substring name search before and after segmentation-based index pruning are highly correlated. Moreover  , the response time of similarity name search is considerably reduced. 10 also constructed a similarity graph  , where nodes are the images e.g. , the top 1 ,000 search result images from search engines  , and edges are weighted based on their pairwise visual similarity. Jing et al. The browser never applies content-similarity search on a relevant document more than once. When the user returns to the current list  , the user applies content-similarity search to the next document in the queue until the queue is empty. Otherwise  , pattern search would be a generalized form of the similarity search approach  , which makes it hard to compare them. In our experiments we assume a pattern does not contain a similarity constraint. The method using HTS only requires 35% of the time for similarity name search compared with the method using all substrings. We also evaluated the response time for similarity name search  , illustrated in Figure 11. This section describes the assumptions  , and discusses their relevance to practical similarity-search problems. The goal of this section is to illustrate why similarity search at  , high dimensionality is more difficult than it is at low dimensionality. In other words  , the similarity between bid phrases may help when pursuing a precision oriented ad search. Additionally  , spreading activation helped Ad- Search to beat Baidu as it further considers the latent similarity relationships between bid phrases. There is no formal definition for operation similarity  , because  , just like in other types of search  , similarity depends on the specific goal in the user's mind. The latter type of search is typically too coarse for our needs. Also  , our method is based on search behavior similarity and not only on content similarity. Instead  , we utilize the information from several users to create search behavior clusters  , in which users participate. Users begin a search for web services by entering keywords relevant to the search goal. Another useful search option is offered by video OCR. Previous results may serve as a source of inspiration for new similarity search queries for refining search intentions. An online demonstration of the search capabilities of the system is available at http://simulant.ethz.ch/Chariot/. In addition  , it allows an incremental search. We can rank the search results based on these similarity scores. One is the similarity to the " positive " profile  , the other for the " negative " profile. The real problem lies in defining similarity. The goal for any search is to return documents that are most similar to the query  , ordered by their similarity score. Our approach is feature-based similarity search  , where substring features are used to measure the similarity. 2 Chemical names with similar structures may have a large edit distance. Usually only frequency formula search is supported by current chemistry information systems. All similarity matrices we applied were derived from our color similarity search system. The symbol NONE stands for the pure exact ellipsoid evaluation without using any approxima- tion. Alternatives to this included using past clicked urls and their time to calculate similarity with the current search documents and using past clicked urls and time to calculate the similarity between clicked documents and search documents  , then predict the time for search documents. Last for RL4 they use the past queries and the clicked url titles to reform the current query  , search it in indri  , then calculate the similarity between current query and documents. They were successfully used for color histogram similarity Fal+ 941 Haf+ 951 SK97  , 3-D shape similarity KSS 971 KS 981  , pixel-based similarity AKS 981  , and several other similarity models Sei 971. Proceedings of the 24th VLDB Conference New York  , USA  , 1998 search have produced several results for efficiently supporting similarity search  , and among them  , quadratic form distance functions have shown their high usefulness. From there  , users can refine their queries by choosing a picture in the result to submit a new similarity search or to submit a complex search query  , which combines similarity and fielded search. Results are shown in the search page Figure 2b. The first two perform the similarity selection and correspond to the two traditional types of similarity search: the Range query Rq and the k-Nearest Neigbor query k-NNq 3. SIREN implements five similarity operators. As a result  , we derive a similarity search function that supports Type-2 and 3 pattern similarities. The The similarity degree between two patterns is calculated using the cosine similarity function that measures the angle between participating vectors. Some simple context search methods use the similarity measure to compute similarity between a document and context bag-of-words or word vector. This method is for validating the efficacy of the most common similarity measure. The MILOS native XML database/repository supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8   , and feature similarity search 5. Users can also express complex queries  , where full-text  , fielded  , and similarity search is conveniently combined. An ǫ-NN graph is different from a K-NNG in that undirected edges are established between all pairs of points with a similarity above ǫ. all pairs similarity search or similarity join 2  , 22  , 21. It is also possible that some relevant documents may be retrieved by document-document similarity only and not via query-document similarity. It may therefore seem more appropriate and direct to use document-document similarity for iterative search. For estimating L2 distance  , however   , we actually want low error across the whole range. For similarity search and substructure search  , to evaluate the search results ranked by the scoring function  , enough domain knowledge is required. For exact search and frequency search  , the quality of retrieved results depends on formula extraction. Similarity search in 3D point sets has been studied extensively . the binding pro- cess. 28 suggested a search-snippet-based similarity measure for short texts. For example   , Sahami et al. A query used for approximate string search finds from a collection of strings those similar to a given string. Finally  , we describe relevance scoring functions corresponding to the types of queries. As mentioned before  , substructure search and similarity search are common and important for structure search  , but not for formula search  , because formulae do not contain enough tructural information. In consequence  , we have developed a practical plug-and-play solution for similarity indexing that only requires an LSH-compatible similarity function as input. In addition  , speech recognition errors hurt the performance of voice search significantly. Jaccard similarity is 0. The all-pairs similarity search problem has also been addressed in the database community  , where it is known as the similarity join problem 1  , 7  , 21. Our work develops more powerful optimizations that exploit the particular requirements of the all-pairs similarity search problem. The similarity between the target document d corresponding to query q and the search results Sj   , j = 1.m  , is computed as the cosine similarity of their corresponding vectorial representations. A feature that appears to account for all these cases is the maximum lexical similarity between the browsed document and any of the top search results. Moreover  , ranking documents with respect to a pattern query that contains multiple similarity constraints is a complex problem that should be addressed after the more basic problem of capturing the similarity of two math expressions discussed in this paper is addressed. In the simple similarity search interface  , a user can type a single keyword or multiple keywords  , and our system will return the relevant services to the user. this scenario  , ServiceXplorer handles the similarity search of Web services by using EMD as the underlying similarity distance only. The search of a meaningful representation of the time series   , and the search of an appropriate similarity measure for comparing time series. It is first extended for similarity match on subsequences 5  , and further extended for similarity match that allows transformation such as scaling and time warp- ing 9  , 8. There are two major challenges for using similarity search in large scale data: storing the large data and retrieving desired data efficiently. Traditional similarity search methods are difficult to be used directly for large scale data since computing the similarity using the original features i.e. , often in high dimensional space exhaustively between the query example and every candidate example is impractical for large applications. It allowed them to search using criteria that are hard to express in words. " A third of the participants commented favorably on the search by similarity feature. The query language of SphereSearch combines concept-aware keyword-based search with specific additions for abstraction-aware similarity search and context-aware ranking. 7.5. An important conceptional distinction in time series similarity search is between global and partial search. Descriptor approaches usually are robust  , amenable to database indexing  , and simple to implement. While in global search whole time series are compared  , partial search identifies similar subsequences. Section 3 formally defines the similarity search problem for web services. Section 2 begins by placing our search problem in the context of the related work. Another liked the " very diverse search criteria and browsing styles. " They showed in experiments that their approach attained significant over 90% accuracy in segmenting and matching search tasks. query-term overlap and search result similarity. The benefit of taking into account the search result count is twofold. Therefore  , combining the similarity score and search result count eliminates some noise. This gives us two similarity values for each search result. where A is the search result vector and B is either the " positive " or the " negative " profile vector. Because frequent k-n-match search is the final technique we use to performance similarity search  , we focus on frequent k-n-match search instead of k-n-match search. Data page size is 4096 bytes. Similarity measures that are based on search result similarity 8 are not necessarily correlated with reformulation likelihood. Similarity measures that are based on co-occurrence in search sessions 24  , 12  , on co-clicks 2  , 10   , or on user search behavioral models 6  , 18  , 9  , 21  , are not universally applicable to all query pairs due to their low coverage of queries  , as long tail queries are rare in the query log. This possibility can be particularly useful to retrieve poorly described pictures. Clicking on a picture launches the visual similarity search. 2 depicts a typical keywordbased search result  , consisting of three ranked lists put together in a compact representation. However   , our solution  , D-Search can handle categorical distributions as well as numerical ones. We mainly focus on similarity search for numerical distribution data to describe our approach. It has some similarity with traditional text search  , but it also has some features that are different from normal text search. Microblog search is a special kind of text search. The problem of similarity search refers to finding objects that have similar characteristics to the query object. Our goal is to design a good indexing method for similarity search of large-scale datasets that can achieve high search quality with high time and space efficiency. We will compare our technique to standard similarity search on the inverted index in terms of quality  , storage  , and search efficiency. In this paper  , we will discuss a technique which represents documents in terms of conceptual word-chains  , a method which admits both high quality similarity search and indexing techniques. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces  , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. For low similarity thresholds or very skewed distributions of document lengths  , however  , LSH remains the method-of-choice as it provides the most versatile and tunable toolkit for high-dimensional similarity search. Similarity search in the time-series database encounters a serious problem in high dimensional space  , known as the " curse of dimensionality " . Finally  , although we only discuss similarity search with PLA over static time-series databases  , another possible future extension is to apply our proposed PLA lower bound to the search problem in streaming environment. To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. To perform a similarity search  , the indexing method hashes a query object into a bucket  , uses the data objects in the bucket as the candidate set of the results  , and then ranks the candidate objects using the distance measure of the similarity search. The search and retrieval interface Figure 2 allows users to find videos by combining full text  , image similarity  , and exact/partial match search. Full text indexes where associated to textual descriptive fields  , similarity search index where associated with elements containing MPEG-7 image key frames features  , and other value indexes where associated with frequently searched elements . However  , due to the well recognized semantic gap problem 1  , the accuracy and the recall of image similarity search are often still low. Typically   , in a similarity search  , a user wants to search for images that are similar to a given query image. So in conclusion  , structural similarity search seems to be the best way for general users to search for mathematical expressions  , but we hypothesize that pattern search may be the preferred approach for experienced users in specific domains. We also showed that it takes more effort from the user to form queries when doing pattern search as compared to similarity search  , but when relevant matches are found they are ranked somewhat higher. Similarity-based search of Web services has been a challenging issue over the years. Interested readers are referred to 2. study 16 shows that such similarity is not sufficient for a successful code example search. Holmes et al. by similarity to a single selected document. Daffodil also allows users to order search result sets in unorthodox ways – e.g. directly applied traditional hashing methods for similarity search  , and significant speedup e.g. In previous work 37  , Zhou et al. When F reqmin is larger  , the correlation curves decrease especially for substring search. We can observe that for similarity search  , when more results are retrieved  , the correlation curves decrease  , while for substring search  , the correlation curves increase. For the text search  , we make a use of the functionalities of the full-text search engine library. For instance it can be used to search by similarity MPEG-7 visual descriptors. It also includes a set of browsing capabilities to explore MultiMatch content. Section 2 reviews previous works on similarity search. The rest of the paper is organized as follows. These two are traditional hashing methods for similarity search. Both MedThresh and ITQ are implemented as in 37. Chain search is done by computing similarity between the selected result and all other content based on the common indices. Each search result can be a new query for chain search to provide related content. The techniques discussed in this paper can be used for dramatically improving the search quality as well as search efficiency. In this paper  , we discussed a new method for conceptual indexing and similarity search of text. This might be particular interesting for documents of very central actors. Once the list of central actors is generated  , documents of these authors could be displayed and used as starting points for further search activities citation search  , similarity search. Chein and Immorlica 2005 showed semantic similarity between search queries with no lexical overlap e.g. 2012 In the domain of online search  , several studies considered the temporal aspect of search engine queries. Observed from the search results  , this method ranks the images mainly according to the color similarity  , which mistakenly interprets the search intention. The image ranked at the first place is the example image used to perform the search. Although jaccard similarity is not a metric of search performance  , it can help us analyze the novelty of search results. Then  , we calculate the macro-average value for each unique pair of queries across all search sessions. As will be discussed later on  , the effectiveness of similarity hashing results from the fact that the recall is controlled in terms of the similarity threshold θ for a given similarity measure ϕ. However  , if one accepts a decrease in recall  , the search can be dramatically accelerated with similarity hashing. Search quality is measured by recall. ExactMatch or NormalizedExactMatch are essentially pattern search with poorly formed queries. Note that  , although we reformulate queries only for pattern search  , the structural similarity search produces results that are comparable with the results of well-formulated pattern queries. Most search systems used in recent years have been relational database systems. As mentioned above  , the semantic web and ontology based search system introduced in this study developed the next generation in search services  , such as flexible name search  , intelligence sentence search  , concept search  , and similarity search  , by applying the query to a Point Of Interest search system in wireless mobile communication systems. -Term distance method Dist This method uses the following similarity measure in place of the cosine similarity in Cosine. Many applications require that the similarity function reflects mutual dependencies of components in feature vectors  , e.g. In this paper  , we address the problem of similarity search in large databases. Such queries are very frequent in a multitude of applications including a multimedia similarity search on images  , audio  , etc. Such queries report the k highest ranking results based on similarity scores of attribute values and specific score aggregation functions. We developed a family of referencebased indexing techniques. In this paper  , we considered the problem of similarity search in a large sequence databases with edit distance as the similarity measure. esmimax: This system is to use semantic similarity score to rank search engines for each query. etfidf: This simple baseline is to use cosine similarity between query and resources in tfidf scheme. One may note that the above type of similarity measure for search request formulations may be applied to any description of both query and document. Of course  , other similarity coefficients could be used m this case as well. Various visual features including color histograms  , text  , camera movement  , face detection  , and moving objects can be utilized to define the similarity. 3 noted that a visual similarity re-search using a sample picked keyframe is a good design for retrieval. the one that is to be classified with respect to a similarity or dissimilarity measure. In similarity search 14 the basic idea is to find the most similar objects to a query one i.e. whose similarity to the seed page fell below the lexical similarity threshold used. The discrepancy of 6.5-6.1 = .4 articles/search is made up of articles which NewsTroll did not judge to be related  , i.e. The earliest attempts of detecting structural similarity go back to computing tree-editing distances 29  , 30  , 32  , 34  , 36. Finally  , there is also a search engine  , XXL  , employing an ontology similarity measure for retrieving semistructured data semantically 33. Given a search topic  , a perfect document-to-document similarity method for find-similar makes the topic's relevant documents most similar to each other. Query-biased similarity also helps the breadth-like browser but to a lesser degree. The similarity is measured by by mutual information between an entry candidate ei and all concepts C for query q: We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. Often  , edit distance is used to measure the similarity. Given a database of sequences S  , a query sequence q  , and a threshold   , similarity search finds the set of all sequences whose distance to q is less than . The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. We present two methods for estimating term similarity. The challenge of translation extraction lies in how to estimate the similarity between a query term and each extracted translation candidate solely based on the search-result pages. The underlying similarity measure of interest with minhash is the resemblance also known as the Jaccard similarity. Leading search firms routinely use sparse binary representations in their large data systems  , e.g. , 8. The techniques proposed in this work fall into two categories. CH3COOH. Similarity search Similarity searches return documents with chemical formulae with similar structures as the query formula  , i.e. , a sequence of partial formulae si with a specific ranges i   , e.g. We study the performance of different data fusion techniques for combining search results. For example  , we can study the semantic similarity between relevant documents and derive an IR model to rank documents based on their pairwise semantic similarity. Consider  , for instance  , a solution with similarity around 0.8. Although search for First-max finds the highest similarity using a longer path 77 steps as opposed to 24  , it reaches high quality solutions faster. Each attempt involves a similarity computation; thus the number of attempts rather than steps determines the cost of search. 5 ,000 because uphill moves are easily performed from solutions of low similarity. It can be used when a distance function is available to measure the dis-similarity among content representations. tion  , a spatial-temporal-dependent query similarity model can be constructed. With such information  , we believe  , the spatial-temporal-dependent query similarity model can be used to improve the search experience. If there are two search results we compute their similarity score and discard the articles if the score is below a threshold  Whenever the page-similarity score is below a threshold y the article is discarded Rule F1. Their proposed model  , namely RoleSim  , has the advantage of utilizing " automorphic equivalence " to improve the quality of similarity search in " role " based applications. 6 also gave an excellent exposition on " role similarity " . In this experiment  , we want to find how different ARIMA temporal similarity is from content similarity. This accomplishes one of our goals of involving time information to improve today's search engine. We use Live Search to retrieve top-10 results. To examine the quality of the IDTokenSets  , we compare our proposed document-based measures with the traditional string-based similarity measure e.g. , weighted Jaccard similarity . Another straightforward application of the socially induced similarity is to enrich Web navigation for knowledge exploration. Our group has begun the use of these similarity measures for visualizing relationships among resources in search query results 13. Near duplicate detection is made possible through similarity search with a very high similarity threshold. In many cases  , the presence of trivial modifications make such detection difficult  , since a simple equality test no longer suffices. T F ·IDF based methods for ranking relevant documents have been proved to be effective for keyword proximity search in text documents. Accordingly  , we combine the textual similarity and structural similarity to effectively rank the MCCTrees. Using such data presentation i.e. , and   , we can apply the vector space model and cosine similarity for Type-3 similarity search. Note  , is a set and it does not include the ordering information of the corresponding code snippet . Based on search  , target  , and context concept similarity queries may look like the following ones: The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. In the classical non-personalized search engines  , the relevance between a query and a document is assumed to be only decided by the similarity of term matching. The topic similarity between pi and uj is calculated as Equation 1. Query-biased similarity aims to find similar documents given the context of the user's search and avoid extraneous topics. Regular similarity treats the document as a query to find other similar documents. Evaluating melodic similarity systems has been a MIREX task for several years  , including for incipit similarity specifically . This confirms that determining what is the most appropriate search parameter depends greatly on the type of results desired. In search engine and community question answering web sites we can always find candidate questions or answers. Similarity calculating component: Calculating the similarity between two questions is a very important component in our QA systems. For each query  , the resources search engines with higher similarity score would be returned. Based on the bag-of-word representation and tf idf weighting scheme  , we calculated cosine similarity between expanded queries and the contents of resources. With the explosive growth of the internet  , a huge amount of data such as texts  , images and video clips have been generated  , which indicates that efficient similarity search with large scale data becomes more important. Usually only exact name search and substring name search are supported by current chemistry databases 2. Extending our previous work 25  , we propose three basic types of queries for chemical name search: exact name search  , substring name search  , and similarity name search. To implement this idea we built a 3 2 x 4 ' -weighted term vector for both the text segment and the text of the article and compute the normalized cosine similarity score. A second way of reranking is to compute for each of the results returned by the search engine its similarity to the text segment and to rerank the search results according to the similarity score. There are many possible ways to represent a document for the purpose of supporting effective similarity search. To demonstrate our evaluation methodology  , we applied it to a reasonably sized set of parameter settings including choices for document representation and term weighting schemes and determined which of them is most effective for similarity search on the Web. Topic similarity between query pairs from same session can reflect user search interests in a relative short time. For example  , average topic similarity between query pairs from different sessions can help tracing the user search interests during a relative long period. Many studies on similarity search over time-series databases have been conducted in the past decade. Thus  , it is quite interesting to investigate the similarity search with other distance measures and we would leave it as one of our future work. For each query reformulation pair  , we calculated the change of search performance measured by nDCG@10 and the similarity of results measured by the Jaccard similarity for the pair of queries' top 10 results. We extracted 128 and 101 query reformulation pairs from the search session logs of the 2011 and 2012 datasets excluding the current query of each session  , respectively. It should be noted that these disadvantages would not be associated with similarity measures which require only the knowledge of the form of search request formulations. O j could be used for determining the similarity between Boolean search request formulations  , its inherent deficiencies have stimulated further investigation. Second  , it is interesting to note that  , at least in theory  , for a document set D and a similarity threshold θ a perfect space partitioning for hash-based search can be stated. First  , we want to point out that hash-based similarity search is a space partitioning method. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that incorporates tight lower bounding and upper bounding distance function and DWT as well as triangle inequality into index for similarity search in time series database. Haar wavelet transform has been used in many domains  , for example  , time series similarity search 11. Thus  , we demonstrate that our scheme outperforms the standard similarity methods on text on all three measures: quality  , storage  , and search efficiency . This work provides an integrated view of qualitatively effective similarity search and performance efficient indexing in text; an issue which has not been addressed before in this domain. Prior research utilized the integration of IPC code similarity between a query patent and retrieved patents to re-rank the results in the prior art search literature 4 ,5. A distinct property of patent files is that all patents are assigned International Patent Classification IPC codes that can be exploited to calculate the similarity between a query patent and retrieved patents in prior art search. The main contribution of this paper is a novel Self-Taught Hashing STH approach to semantic hashing for fast similarity search. It would also be interesting to combine semantic hashing and distributed computing e.g. , 29  to further improve the speed and scalability of similarity search. The ranking is an important part of the Summa search module  , and similarity grouping is handled by the two modules described in this paper. Larger as well as more heterogeneous search results suggest increased focus on a clear and well-arranged presentation of the results  , which also means increased focus on good ranking and on some kind of similarity grouping. Stein and Meyer zu Eissen introduce the idea of near-similarity search to find plagiarized documents in a large document corpus 9. A great deal of similar research has also been conducted into text similarity searching or finding the most effective means of supporting search to find highly similar or identical text in different documents. For a low-dimensional feature space  , similarity search can be carried out efficiently with pre-built space-partitioning index structures such as KD-tree or data-partitioning index structures such as R-tree 7 . There has been extensive research on fast similarity search due to its central importance in many applications.  New results of a comparative study between different hashbased search methods are presented Section 4. Based on a manipulation of the original similarity matrix it is shown how optimum methods for hash-based similarity search can be derived in closed retrieval situations Subsection 3.3. The purpose of similarity search is to identify similar data examples given a query example. Semantic hashing 22 is proposed to address the similarity search problem within a high-dimensional feature space. However  , traditional similarity search may fail to work efficiently within a high-dimensional vector space 33  , which is often the case for many real world information retrieval applications. A common approach to similarity search is to extract so-called features from the objects  , e.g. , color information. In contrast  , a content-based information retrieval system CBIR system identifies the images most similar to a given query image or query sketch  , i.e. , it carries out a similarity search 7. For instance  , in case of an MPEG-7 visual descriptor  , the system administrator can associate an approximate match search index to a specific XML element so that it can be efficiently searched by similarity. In our system we have realized the techniques necessary to support XML represented feature similarity search. With similarity search  , a user can be able to retrieve  , for instance  , pictures of the tour Eiffel by using another picture of the tour Eiffel as a query  , even if the retrieved pictures were not correctly annotated by their owner. Similarity search is an option for searching for photos of interest  , which is really useful especially in this non-professional context. Similarity indexing has uses in many web applications such as search engines or in providing close matches for user queries. In recent years  , the large amounts of data available on the web has made effective similarity search and retrieval an important problem. After having determined how terms are selected and weighted  , we can take into account the domain knowledge contained in the similarity thesaurus to find the most likely intended interpretation for the user's query. With this choice  , additional search terms with similarity 1 to all the terms in the query get a weight of 1  , additional search terms with similarity O to all the terms in the query get a weight of O. When data objects are represented by d-dimensional feature vectors   , the goal of similarity search for a given query object q  , is to find the K objects that are closest to q according to a distance function in the d-dimensional space. The chain search of related content is done by computing similarity between the selected result and all other content based on the integrated indices. The integrated search is achieved by generating integrated indices for Web and TV content based on vector space model and by computing similarity between the query and all the content described by the indices. The k-n-match problem models the similarity search as matching between the query object and the data objects in n dimensions  , where these n dimensions are determined dynamically to make the query object and the data objects in the answer set match best. In this paper  , we proposed a new approach to model the similarity search problem  , namely the k-n-match problem . Time series similarity search under the Euclidean metric is heavily I/O bound  , however similarity search under DTW is also very demanding in terms of CPU time. the minimum the corresponding points contribution to the overall DTW distance  , and thus can be returned as the lower bounding measure One way to address this problem is to use a fast lower bounding function to help prune sequences that could not possibly be a best match. Queries are posted to a reference search engine and the similarity between two queries is measured using the number of common URLs in the top 50 results list returned from the reference search engine. Glance 12 thus uses the overlap of result URLs as the similarity measure instead of the document content. Semantic hashing 33  is used in the case when the requirement for the exactness of the final results is not high  , and the similarity search in the original high dimensional space is not affordable . However  , when the dimensionality of feature space is too high  , traditional similarity search may fail to work efficiently 46. Fortunately  , hashing has been widely shown as a promising approach to tackle fast similarity search 29. When m or n is large  , storing user or item vectors of the size Omr or Onr and similarity search of the complexity On will be a critical efficiency bottleneck   , which has not been well addressed in recent progress on recommender efficiency 23. Although the superiority of DTW over Euclidean distance is becoming increasing apparent 191835  , the need for similarity search which is invariant to uniform scaling is not well understood. We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. Since the pioneering work of Agrawal 1 and Faloutsos 2  , there emerged many fruit of research in similarity search of time series. This text similarity approach is also used in userspecified search queries: A user's query is treated just as another document vector  , allowing matching artifacts to be sorted by relevance based on their degree of similarity to the search query. A selection submodule is responsible for using the computed measures to recommend a small set of nearest neighbours to an arti- fact. An MPEG-7 description contains low level features to be used for similarity search  , conceptual content descriptions  , usage rights  , creation time information  , etc. Extensive works on similarity search have been proposed to find good data-aware hash functions using machine learning techniques. Due to the ability of solving similarity search in high dimensional space  , hash-based methods have received much more attention in recent years. As a second step  , we propose an efficient search procedure on the resulting PLA index to answer similarity queries without introducing any false dismissals. Therefore  , we can insert the reduced PLA data into a traditional R-tree index to facilitate the similarity search. To answer our first research question we evaluate the performance of the baseline bl and subjunctive sj interface on a complex exploratory search task in terms of user interaction statistics and in terms of search patterns. We use cosine similarity as a distance measure and calculate the average pairwise cosine similarity of the documents bookmarked Ds by a subject s: The following function is used: Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. For RL3 anchor log was used to reform current query  , search it in indri  , then calculate the similarity between current query and documents. To make this plausible we have formulated hash-based similarity search as a set covering problem. The technique also results in much lower storage requirements because it uses a compressed representation of each document. Although our technique is designed with a focus on document-todocument similarity queries  , the techniques are also applicable to the short queries of search engines. Features based on selected subsequences substrings in names and partial formulae in formulae should be used as tokens for search and ranking. In this paper we present the architecture of XMLSe a native XML search engine that allows both structure search and approximate content match to be combined with In the first case structure search capabilities are needed  , while in the second case we need approximate content search sometime also referred as similarity search. Do other elements affect the evaluation of a search engine's performance ? With the similarity in terms of technology and interface design  , why do only a small number of search engines dominant Web traffic ? First  , we discuss how to analyze the structure of a chemical formula and select features for indexing  , which is important for substructure search and similarity search. We discuss three issues in this section. However  , there are two reasons that traditional fuzzy search based on edit distance is not used for formula similarity search: 1 Formulae with more similar structures or substructures may have larger edit distance. User search interests can be captured for improving ranking or personalization of search systems 30  , 34  , 36 . After representing each query as a topic distribution  , we can compute topic similarity between query pairs Qx and Qy by Histogram Intersection 32: Structure search applications offer different query types: beside an exact structure search also sub-/super-structure and similarity searches are possible. Also the abbreviated naming of entities by using their functional groups only contributes to the false retriev- als.  A simple yet expressive query language combines concept-aware keyword-based search with abstraction-aware similarity search and contextaware ranking. Using information extraction tools  , predefined classes of information like locations  , persons  , and dates are annotated with special tags. The system is capable of contextual search capability which performs eeective document-to-document similarity search. In the second stage  , we compute all those documents which contain these lexical chains with the use of this index. Variants of such measures have also been considered for similarity search and classification 14. Such functions have been utilized in the problem of merging the results of various search engines 11. In addition to simple keyword searches  , Woogle supports similarity search for web services. To address the challenges involved in searching for web services  , we built Woogle 1   , a web-service search engine. For the example question  , a search was done using a typical similarity measure and the bag of content words of the question. Vector-space search using full-length documents is not as well suited to the task. In this respect  , blog feed search bears some similarity to resource ranking in federated search. First  , blog retrieval is a task of ranking document collections rather than single documents. Therefore  , the result of this search paradigm is a list of documents with expressions that match the query. While similarity ranking is in fact an information retrieval approach to the problem  , pattern search resembles a database look-up. Random pictures can be renewed on demand by the user. In case of similarity search  , the user can search by choosing a picture among those randomly proposed by the system. In the chemical domain similarity search is centered on chemical entities. Beside the query context  , of course  , it is also necessary to consider the actual query term for retrieving suitable search results. It provides complementary search queries that are often hard to verbalize. The implemented similarity search system tremendously extends the accessibility to the data in a flexible and precise way. Understanding feature-concept associations for measuring similarity. For instance  , if we know that the search concept is clouds  , we can weight the blue channel and texture negation predicates more heavily to achieve better search results. This information can be used for measuring image similarity. Motivated by this  , we propose heuristics for fuzzy formula search based on partial formulae. Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. Using the same method as in the aforementioned formulas the tfidf values are calculated for the terms  , but the term frequency is of course based on the search result itself  , rather than the " positive " or " negative " profile. Equations 1-5 represent a few simple formulas that are used in this study. Assume a scoring function exists ϕ· exists that calculates the similarity between a query document q and a search result r. We then define a set of ranking formulas Ψϕ  , T  that assign scores to documents based on both the similarity score ϕ and the search result tree T produced through the recursive search. The language allows grouping of query conditions that refer to the same entity. A simple yet expressive query language combines concept-aware keyword-based search with abstraction-aware similarity search and contextaware ranking. Results are presented in Figure  12. We also introduced several query models for chemical formula search  , which are different from keywords searches in IR. Retrieved results of similarity search with and without feature selection are highly correlated. Our search engine has access to copies of 3DWare- house and the PSB and can find models by geometric similarity  , original tags  , or autotags. We have implemented a shape search engine that uses autotagging . The Reranking is performed by using a similarity measure between a query vector and a web page in the search results. We can obtain multiple search results rankings by sending multiple subqueries constructed in Query making to an SE. Broad match candidates for a query were generated by calculating cosine similarity between the query vector and all ad vectors. 4 search2vec model was trained using search sessions data set S composing of search queries  , ads and links. In order to comprehend the behavior of hill climbing under different combinations of search strategies  , we first study the search space for configuration similarity. Figure 2shows b 12 variables For each given query  , we use this SEIFscore to rank search engines. By doing so  , each search engine has a SEIF score  , which is independent with queries or independent with the semantic similarity between query and results . The following pairwise features can also be considered  , although they are not used in our experiments. According to the traditional content based similarity measurement  , " Job Search " and " Human Rescues " are not similar at all. Let us consider " Job Search " and " Human Rescues " in Figure 2. As introduced in Section 2  , many current researches use interest profiles to personalize search results 22  , 19  , 6. The similarity between the user profile vector and page category vector is then used to re-rank search results: Sahami & Heilman 2006 30  also measure the relatedness between text snippets by using search engines and a similarity kernel function. 2007 10 use search engines to get the semantic relatedness between words. Buse and Wiemer 10 discuss that the answers of existing code search engines are usually complicated even after slicing. In this way  , the problem of similarity search is transformed to an interval search problem. Additionally  , the cluster centers Ki and the cluster radius ri are kept in a main memory list. the MediaMagic interface  , described below within our laboratory. We chose the TRECvid search task partly because it provides an interesting complex search task involving several modalities text  , image  , and concept similarity and partly to leverage existing experience e.g. As a stream of individual entries  , a blog feed can be viewed at multiple levels of granularity. On an existing e-commerce system  , a query can retrieve a set of related products i.e. , the search results. 36 developed heuristics to promote search results with the same topical category if successive queries in a search session were related by general similarity  , and were not specializations  , generalizations or reformulations. For example  , Xiang et al. Unfortunately  , the standard Drupal search could not be used for implementing this scenario. The expectation is that the search engine will retrieve all courses matching the query and will display them ranked based on their similarity to the input. This low storage requirement in turn translates to higher search efficiency. Besides  , capturing user search interests at topic level is useful to understand user behaviors. This search task simulates the information re-finding search intent. The similarity between this task and the previous one is that in both cases searchers have an information need. People  , and fraudulent software  , might click on ads for reasons that have nothing to do with topical similarity or relevance. Sponsored search click data is noisy  , possibly more than search clicks. We also introduce our notation  , and describe some basic and well-known observations concerning similarit ,y search problems in HDVSs. Based on these inputs  , the inverted files are searched for words that have features that correspond to the features of the search key and each word gets a feature score based on its similarity to the search key. 3. All reviewers had the same experience. Although White  , like all of the reviewers  , did use concept search  , and similarity search  , he found that the predictive coding rankings using a more robust technology proved to be more effective overall. For example  , queries whose dissimilarity is 0 incur some search cost since similarity searches entail some cost even in the Euclidean distance space. In addition  , search cost is not proportional to dissimilarity . The problem of similarity search aka nearest neighbour search is: given a query document 1   , find its most similar documents from a very large document collection corpus. In Section 5  , we make conclusions. But in search engine such as Google  , the search results are not questions. In CQAs there are no such problems  , for we should just judge the similarity of two similar questions. By converting real-valued data features into binary hashing codes  , hashing search can be very fast. Hashing 6  , 24  , 31 has now become a very popular technique for large scale similarity search. Each document that contains a match is included in the search result. For testing the search labels  , the clusters in the hierarchy were ranked based on the similarity between the search representative and the topic description using the cosine metric. Consequently   , a dual title-keywords representation was used in ClusterBook. In case of fielded search users can search for pictures by expressing restrictions on the owner of the pictures  , the location where they were taken  , their title  , and on the textual description of the pictures. From the home page users can search for pictures by using a fielded search or similarity search. The range n0  , n1 of frequent k-n-match search is chosen according to the results on real data sets as described in Section 5.2.1. An interesting application of relational similarity in information retrieval is to search using implicitly stated analogies 21  , 37. A relational similarity measure is used to compare the stem word pair with each choice word pair and to select the choice word pair with the highest relational similarity as the answer.  Extensive experiments have been done to evaluate the proposed similarity model using a large collection of click-through data collected from a commercial search engine. A probabilistic framework for constructing the timedependent query term similarity model is proposed with the marginalized kernel  , which measures both explicit content similarity and implicit semantics from the click-through data. The task is essentially the same: given a potentially large collection of objects  , identify all pairs whose similarity is above a threshold according to some similarity metric. Other formulations of the general problem are what the data mining community calls " all pairs " search 1 and what the database community calls set similarity join 13. The cosine similarity metric based on the vector space model has been widely used for comparing similarity between search query and document in the information retrieval literature Salton et al. , 1975. Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. Depending on what is to be optimised in terms of similarity  , these may serve as cost functions or utility functions  , respectively. We envisage that such similarity metrics of a feature-similarity model may also serve as objective functions for automated search in the space of systems defined by its feature model. High dimensional data may contain diierent aspects of similarity. Futher research o n similarity search applications should elaborate the observation that the notion of similarity often depend from the data point and the users intentions and so could be not uniquely predeened.  Based on a manipulation of the original similarity matrix it is shown how optimum methods for hash-based similarity search can be derived in closed retrieval situations Subsection 3.3. New stress statistics are presented that give both qualitative and quantitative insights into the effectiveness of similarity hashing Subsection 3.1 and 3.2. SOC-PMI Islam and Inkpen 2006 improved semantic similarity by taking into account co-occurrence in the context of words. Along the lines of semantic similarity  , PMI-IR Turney 2001  used PMI scores based on search engine results to assess similarity of two words. In the next section we introduce a novel graph-based measure of semantic similarity. We discuss the potential applications of this result to the design of semantic similarity estimates from lexical and link similarity  , and to the optimization of ranking functions in search engines. The main idea here is to hash the Web documents such that the documents that are similar  , according to our similarity measure  , are mapped to the same bucket with a probability equal to the similarity between them. For scaling our similarity-search technique to massive document datasets we rely on the Min-Hashing technique . Their model interpolates the same-task similarity of a rewrite candidate to the reference query with the average similarity of that candidate to all on-task queries from a user's history  , weighted by each query's similarity to the reference query. 8  presented a probabilistic model for generating rewrites based on an arbitrarily long user search history . The Cosine metric measures the similarity by computing the cosine of the angle between the two vectors representing the search trails. The vector representation of trails allows us to use the Cosine similarity measure to compute similarity between any two given trails. Therefore  , it is not possible to use one fixed similarity measure for one specific task. To evaluate the ranking results of the different similarity measures  , we took all chemical entities that were retrieved by a similarity search in the field of drug design  , they expect different ranking results for the same query term. We present the similarity structure between the search engines in Figure 7. Apparently  , dogpile emphasizes pages highly-ranked by Live and Ask in its meta search more than Google and AOL and more than Yahoo  , Lycos  , Altavista  , and alltheweb. Imagine for example a search engine which enables contentbased image retrieval on the World-Wide Web. This situation poses a serious obstacle to the future development of large scale similarity search systems. We exploit this similarity in our techniques. Due to the similarities in UI  , estimating visibility on Reddit or Hacker News is very similar to estimating position bias in search results and search ad rankings. The evaluation shows that we can provide both high precision and recall for similarity search  , and that our techniques substantially improve on naive keyword search. We describe a detailed experimental evaluation on a set of over 1500 web-service operations. The features include text similarity   , folder information  , attachments and sender behavior. The authors employ a wide range of features to rank emails  , in a Figure 1: Guided Search: Spell-Correct  , Fuzzy person search  , Auto-complete learning to rank framework. We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. Due to ambiguity in natural language  , the top returned results may not be related to the current search session. Based on these index pages we analyzed how similarity between chemical entities is computed 4 . Indexing different unambiguous representations we were able to reach the retrieval quality of a chemical structure search using a common Google text search. However  , Google's work mainly aims to help developers locate relevant code according to the text similarity. Currently  , Google provides code search which can help users search publicly accessible source code hosted on the Internet 7. We will show that the scheme achieves good qualitative performance at a low indexing cost. We find that surprisingly  , classic text-based content similarity is a very noisy feature  , whose value is at best weakly correlated . A parameter controls the degree of trade-off. In their work  , a trade-off between novelty a measure of diversity  and the relevance of search results is made explicit through the use of two similarity functions  , one measuring the similarity among documents  , and the other the similarity between document and query. However  , the edit distance for similarity measurement is not used for two reasons: 1 Computing edit distances of the query and all the names in the data set is computationally expensive  , so a method based on indexed features of substrings is much faster and feasible in practice . A similarity measure between a page and a query that reflects the distance between query terms has been proposed in the meta-search research field 12. Let us start by introducing two representative similarity measures σc and σ based on textual content and hyperlinks  , respectively. An analogous approach has been used in the past to evaluate similarity search  , but relying on only the hierarchical ODP structure as a proxy for semantic similarity 7  , 16. The other three operators implement the similarity joins: Range Join  , k-Nearest Neigbors Join and k-Closest Neigbors Join 2. The document matching module is a typical term-based search engine. The framework has three core components: an actor similarity module to compute actor similarity scores  , a document matching module to match user queries with indexed documents  , and a SNDocRank module to produce the final ranking by combining document relevance scores with actor similarity scores. Efficient implementations for commonly used similarity metrics are readily available  , so that the computational effort for search and retrieval of similar products has little impact on the efficiency of this approach. An overall similarity measure is computed from the weighted similarity measures of different elements. We present experimental results demonstrating that using the proposed method  , we can achieve better similarly results among temporal queries as compared to similarity obtained by using other temporal similarity measures efficiently and effectively. We find temporal similar queries using ARIMA TS with various similarity measures on query logs from the MSN search engine. Minhash was originally designed for estimating set resemblance i.e. , normalized size of set intersections . Minwise hashing minhash is a widely popular indexing scheme in practice for similarity search. The K-NN search problem is closely related to K-NNG construction. These methods do not easily generalize to other distance metrics or general similarity measures. For instance  , a search engine needs to crawl and index billions of web-pages. Many applications of set similarity arise in large-scale datasets. Web services search is mainly based on the UDDI registry that is a public broker allowing providers to publish services. Compute domain similarity. The first approach is using data-partitioning index trees. The conventional approach to supporting similarity search in high-dimensional vector space can be broadly classified into two categories. Since BLAST-like servers know nothing about textual annotations  , one cannot search for similarity AND annotation efficiently. Further  , optimizations across data sources cannot be performed efficiently. Our new approach borrows the idea of iDistance and the corresponding B + -tree indexes. Thus  , we can save some cost on similarity search. Assume that we are part-way through a search; the current nearest neighbour has similarity b. The priority of an arc can now be computed as follows. if personalized information is available to the search system  , then ranking query suggestions by ngram similarity to the users past queries is more effective NR ranker. Meanwhile. 3 proposed an approach to classify sounds for similarity search based on acoustical features consisting of loudness  , pitch  , brightness  , bandwidth  , and harmonicity. Wold et al. A wide used method is similarity search in time series. How to get the useful properties of time series data is an important problem. Search another instance with high similarity and same class from 'UnGroup' data  , repeat 6; 9. Sign R x 'Grouped'  , add it to Group G i ; 8. IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media. It is computationally infeasible to generate the similarity graph S for the billions of images that are indexed by commercial search engines. In Since the page content information is used  , the page similarity based smoothing is better than constant based smoothing. Smoothing techniques can improve the search result. Figure 7: The concurrence similarity between two tags is estimated based on their concurrence information by performing search on Flickr. 11. Bing search engine. Sµqi  , c  , qi ∈ Ω Average character trie-gram similarity with all previous queries in the session Ω. Both tools employ heuristics to speed up their search. BLAST 123and FASTA 32 are are commonly used for similarity searching on biological sequences. In the context of multimedia and digital libraries  , an important type of query is similarity matching. Efficient rank aggregation is the key to a useful search engine. It partitions the data space into n clusters and selects a reference point Ki for each cluster Ci. iDistance 16  , 33 is an index method for similarity search. Finally  , we give the recognition result based on the searching results. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. Incipit searching  , a symbolic music similarity problem  , has been a topic of interest for decades 3. Rhythmic search is not possible.  We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. Our contributions can be summarized as follows. Section 3 gives our new lower bound distance function for PLA with a proof of its correctness. Finding a measure of similarity between queries can be very useful to improve the services provided by search engines . Our main contributions are summarized as follows: It has been observed that there is a similarity between search queries and anchor texts 13. Anchor text is an alternative data source for query reformulation . For example  , assume in Figure 21.2 that the primary bucket B6 contains a near neighbour with similarity 0.7. At this point the search can stop. A larger mAP indicates better performance that similar instances have high rank. mAP has shown especially good discriminative power and stability to evaluate the performance of similarity search. Our method was more successful with longer queries containing more diverse search terms. This prevented us from effectively exploiting similarity based on topic distributions with some queries. semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. The SemSets method 7 proposed for entity list search utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories i.e. Therefore  , a method for similarity search also has to provide efficient support for searching in high-dimensional data spaces. 256 colors in image databases . An additional feature was added to the blended display and provided as an additional screen  , i.e. , similarity search. See 12 for further details about subjects' browsing behavior. Foundational work such as 8  presents n-gram methods for supporting search over degraded texts. But the similarity is more substantive that this. However  , work is ongoing to implement time series segmentation to support local similarity search as well. We currently consider whole time series. Intent is identified in search result snippets  , and click-through data  , over a number of latent topic models. 11 look at intent-aware query similarity for query recommendation. In this paper  , we seek good binary codes for words under the content reuse detection framework. Section 3 defines the basic problem  , and Section 4 presents an overview of the basic LSH scheme for similarity search. Organization: We discuss related work in Section 2. The key in image search by image is the similarity measurement between two images. The result images are sorted by ORN distances. Two similarity functions are defined to weight the relationships in MKN. Users can browse and re-search with facets on the facet tree and panel. Then the vertical search intention of queries can be identified by similarities. Bridged by social annotation  , we can compute the similarity between a query and a VSE. We found this approach useful for spotting working code examples. Finally  , we discuss the derived similarity search model based on these two adopted ideas. In the following  , we review each of these ideas separately. Thus they push relevant DRs from the result list. Another problem is DRs that are irrelevant for the search  , but still get a high similarity value. In Section 2 we i n troduce the notation and give formal deenitions of the similarity search problems. The rest of this paper is organized as follows. Specifically  , the tf idf is calculated on the TREC 2014 FebWeb corpus. 19 apply several local search techniques for the retrieval of sub-optimal solutions. In order to deal with configuration similarity under limited time  , Papadias et al. Thus  , in this section  , we discuss the actor similarity module and the implementation of the SNDocRank module. We order each items descending on their cos positive score. This method is well suited for real time tracking applications. The spatial gradient of this similarity measure is used to guide a fast search for the hest candidate. Our work is basically the other way around. Although the above measure SOi. Figure 1depicts the architecture of our semantic search approach. 3.2 is initially set up with a path length based semantic similarity measure of concepts. All these observations  , however  , have to wait for experimental confirmation. Popular email applications like Google Inbox 4  and Thun- derbird 6 display search results by relevance. We suggest training ranking models which are search behavior specific and user independent. Moreover  , we cannot deal with the above issues considering only content similarity. We use a weighted sum aggregation function with three different settings of the respective weights. In previous work we have shown how to use structural information to create enriched index pages 3 . However  , we know that these methods didn't provide a perfect pruning effect. It can save computational time and storage space. 10 propose a joint optimization method to optimize the codes for both preserving similarity as well as minimizing search time. He et al. We design a new -dimensional hash structure for this purpose. However  , because it can only handle one dimensional data  , it is not suitable for multi-dimensional similarity search. Similarity search in metric spaces has received considerable attention in the database research community 6  , 14  , 20. The key contributions of our work are: Their approach relies on a freezing technique  , i.e. Recently  , in 19  , routing indices stored at each peer are used for P2P similarity search. In these studies  , the problem of matching ads with pages is transformed into a similarity search in a vector space. 5  , 39. in the context of identifying nearduplicate web pages 4. The all-pairs similarity search problem has been directly addressed by Broder et al. Another approach for similarity search can be summarized as a subgraph isomorphism problem. However  , the problem on how those edit costs are obtained is still unsolved. Instead of feeding another time series as query  , the user provides the query in an intuitive way. Similarity search can be done very efficiently with VizTree. Therefore  , it is recommended to provide similarity search techniques that use generalized distance functions. This fact does not reflect correlations of features such as substitutability or compensability . Broad match candidates are found by calculating cosine similarity between the context query vector the content ad vectors. ads that do not appear in search sessions. All Pairs Similarity Search APSS 6  , which identifies similar objects among a given dataset  , has many important applications. Section 7 concludes this paper. Hence  , because such approaches are inherently different  , it is important to consider measures that fairly compare them. Similarity measures for Boolean search request formulations 335 Radecki  , 1977Radecki  ,   , 1978a. Finally  , the results are summarised and final conclusions are presented. This evaluation metric has been widely used in literatures 2735. Figure 6: Similarity between locally popular documents at 2 sites all the search sites taken together. This is due to very few documents being popular across different regions. enquirer  , time-period to support retrieval. The initiative to search depended on a librarian explicitly recognising a similarity with a previous enquiry   , and recalling sufficient details e.g. The user can search for the k most similar files based on an arbitrary specification. Another important operation that is supported is contentbased similarity retrieval. We used term vectors constructed from the ASR text for allowing similarity search based on textual content. We constructed several term vector representations based on ASR- text. In the sequel  , we discuss indexing the reduced PLA data to speed up the retrieval efficiency of the similarity search. the GEMINI framework 9. In 10 the authors use the Fast Fourier Transform to solve the problem of pattern similarity search. A survey can be found in 3. However  , all these methods target traditional graph search. 22 define a more sophisticated similarity measure  , and design a fragment i.e. , feature-based index to assemble an approximate match. New strategies have to be developed to predict the user's intention. Finally  , a similarity search query can be very subjective depending on a specific user in given situation. There are roughly three categories of approaches: volume-based approaches  , feature-based approaches  , and interactive approaches. The final Point Of Interest was obtained by searching the individual ID that was the searched Point Of Interest with the spatial search to the RDF triple Step 5. Results show that it can reduce the feature set and the index size tremendously. Bubble sort is a classical programming problem. This example highlights the challenges faced by any code search approach that depends solely on term matching and textual similarity. Research work on time sequences has mainly dealt with similarity search which concerns shapes of time sequences. Time sequences appear in various domains in modern database applications. We identify the following important similarity search queries they may want to pose: Suppose they explored the operation Get- Temperature in W 1 . Our research seeks to explore such techniques. Therefore  , exploration and search techniques are needed that can seek quality and relevance of results beyond what keyword similarity can provide. Caching is performed at regular intervals to reflect the dynamic nature of the database. 6 Offline caching of visual similarity ranking is performed to support real-time search. As a result  , clicking on the branch representing " abdb " as shown in the figure uncovers the pattern of interest. However  , an overlooked fact is that preference ranking in recommendation is not equivalent to similarity search in traditional hashing. We refer to their method as Zhou's method. This paper presents the neighbourhood preserving quantization NPQ method for approximate similarity search. The best score is shown in bold face. The first phase divides the dataset into a set of partitions. The framework for Partition-based Similarity Search PSS consists of two phases. As for ranking the retrieved documents  , TFIDF and cosine similarity were used. The search module exhaustively retrieved the documents which contained any terms/phrases composing the query. their cosine similarity is almost zero. An extreme case is that hyperplanes ω 1 ,2 and ω 2 ,3 are almost perpendicular on the definition search data i.e. Mezaris et al. The framework for partition-based similarity search PSS consists of two steps. Simdi  , dj ≤ min||di||∞||dj||1  , ||dj||∞||di||1 < τ. Thus  , our results allow to meet the difficult requirement of interactive-time similarity search. From another perspective  , searching a gigabyte of feature data lasts only around one second. Until meeting a new instance with different class label; 10. Using σ G s as a surrogate for user assessments of semantic similarity  , we can address the general question of how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. We conducted the experiments on the click-through data from a real-world commercial search engine in which promising results show that term similarity does evolve from time to time and our semantic similarity model is effective in modelling the similarity information between queries. We formulated the time-dependent semantic similarity model into the format of kernel functions using the marginalized kernel technique  , which can discover the explicit and implicit semantic similarities effectively. Finally  , we observed an interesting finding that the evolution of query similarity from time to time may reflect the evolution patterns and events happening in different time periods. We empirically showed that these two search paradigms outperform other search techniques  , including the ones that perform exact matching of normalized expressions or subexpressions and the one that performs keyword search. We characterized several possible approaches to this problem   , and we elaborated two working systems that exploit the structure of mathematical expressions for approximate match: structural similarity search and pattern matching. Note the complexity of our search function is similar to existing code search engines on the Internet e.g. , Ohloh Code since both are using the same underlying search model that is vector space model. In this paper we focussed on the usability of answers and how well a search system can find relevant documents for a given query. From the home page  , every user registered and non-registered can search for public material on the system  , login for managing the owned material  , registering into the system. However  , users require sufficient knowledge to select substructures to characterize the desired molecules for substring search  , so similarity search27  , 29  , 23  , 21 is desired by users to bypass the substructure selection. The most common method used to search for a chemical molecule is substructure search 27   , which retrieves all molecules with the query substructure . The MI- LOS XML database supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8  , and feature similarity search 15 ,5 . It supports standard XML query languages XPath 6 and XQuery 7 and it offers advanced search and indexing functionality on XML documents.  Recognition of session boundary using temporal closeness and probabilistic similarity between queries. there have been several attempts at building a personalized or contextual search engine3 or session based search engines 12  , our search engine has the following new features:  Incorporation of title and summary of clicked web pages and past queries in the same search session to update the query. In this paper  , as a first step towards developing such nextgeneration search engine  , a prototype search system for Web and TV programs is developed that performs integrated search of those content  , and that allows chain search where related content can be accessed from each search result. We then compute QRS as the maximum of these similarities: d  , Si Because retrieving the entire documents in the top search results to compare them with the target document is prohibitively expensive for a real-time search engine unless the vector forms of the retrieved documents are available  , we approximate the lexical content of interest of the retrieved documents with the snippet of the document as generated by the search engine for the target query. In this way  , the two major challenges for large scale similarity search can be addressed as: data examples are encoded and highly compressed within a low-dimensional binary space  , which can usually be loaded in main memory and stored efficiently. Then similarity search can be simply conducted by calculating the Hamming distances between the codes of available data examples and the query and selecting data examples within small Hamming distances. Traditional text similarity search methods in the original keyword vector space are difficult to be used for large datasets  , since these methods utilize the content vectors of the documents in a highdimensional space and are associated with high cost of float/integer computation. Two major challenges have to be addressed for using similarity search in large scale datasets such as storing the data efficiently and retrieving the large scale data in an effective and efficient manner. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. Since the full graphic structure information of a molecule is unavailable  , we use partial formulae as substructures for indexing and search. Therefore the ad search engine performs similarity search in the vector space with a long query and relatively short ad vectors. So it is almost never the case that an ad will contain all the features of the ad search query. This is a key-word search engine which searches documents based on the dominant topics present in them by relating the keywords to the diierent topics. He provided evidence for the existence of search communities by showing that a group of co-workers had a higher query similarity threshold than general Web users. Smyth 23 suggested that click-through data from users in the same " search community " e.g. , a group of people who use a special-interest Web portal or work together could enhance search. The limitation of these methods is that they either depend on some external resources e.g. , 14  , or the generated graph is very dense and may contain noisy information e.g. , 4  , 10  , thus needing more computational effort and possibly being inaccurate. To this end  , we are interested in hashing users and items into binary codes for efficient recommendation since the useritem similarity search can be efficiently conducted in Hamming space. For example  , given a " query " user ui  , we recommend items by ranking the predicted ratings V T ui ∈ R n ; when n is large  , such similarity search scheme is apparently an efficiency bottleneck for practical recommender systems 33  , 32. Such segmentation and indexing allow end-users to perform fuzzy searches for chemical names  , including substring search and similarity search. To support partial chemical name searches  , our search engine segments a chemical name into meaningful sub-terms automatically by utilizing the occurrences of sub-terms in chemical names. Fig.1illustrates the unified entity search framework based on the proposed integral multi-level graph. Instead of exploring similarity metrics used in existing entity search  , the procedure encourages interaction among multiple entities to seek for consensus that are useful for entity search. stem search  , -phrase search and full word search on node texts  , equality and phonetic similarity on author names. The BIRS interface to the logical level consists of a set of binary predicates  , each applying a specific vague predicate to a specific attribute of document nodes e.g. Similar to IR systems like ECLAIR Harper & Walker 921 or FIRE Sonnenberger 8z Frei 951  , BIRS is based on an object-oriented design figure 2 shows the class diagram in UML Fowler & Scott 971 notation; however  , only BIRS implements physical data independence3. Much of the work on search personalization focuses on longerterm models of user interests. Specifically  , datasets involved in our experiments consist of text and images  , and we use text as query to search similar images and image as query to search similar texts. We conduct experiments on three real-world datasets for cross-modal similarity search to verify the effectiveness of LSSH. The humanjudged labels indicated that users of search engines are more willing to click on suggestions that could potentially lead to more diversified search results  , but still within the same user search intent. This is dictory to many existing researches with aimed at making suggestions based on query similarity solely. From that page it is possible to perform a full-text search  , a similarity search starting from one of the random selected images. From one of the authors' home page 3 it is possible to find a link to the demo web application of the developed search engine. Given a user attempting a search task  , the goal of our method is to learn from the on-task search behavior of other users. In this section we describe the methods that we use to compute the similarity between pairs of search tasks  , how we mine similar tasks  , and the features that we generate for ranking. We also show that for the same query of similarity name search or substring name search  , the search result using segmentation-based index pruning has a strong correlation with the result before index pruning. In that case  , the response time will be even longer. This paper attempts to extract the semantic similarity information between queries by exploring the historical click-through data collected from the search engine. With the availability of massive amount of click-through data in current commercial search engines  , it becomes more and more important to exploit the click-through data for improving the performance of the search engines. Yet we still compare LSSH to CHMIS to verify the ability of LSSH to promote search performance by merging knowledge from heterogeneous data sources. This method improves search accuracy by combining multiple information sources of one instance  , and actually is not implemented for cross-modal similarity search. Taking an approach that does not require such conditions  , Lawrence & Giles performed a local search on a collection formed by downloading all documents retrieved by the source search engines 2. In addition  , source search engines rarely return a similarity score when presenting a retrieved set. Apache Lucene is a high-performance  , full-featured text search engine library written entirely in Java that is suitable for nearly any application requiring full-text search abilities. In this paper  , we would like to approach the problem of similarity search by enhancing the full-text retrieval library Lucene 1 with content-based image retrieval facilities. Assume that we have a search engine providing a search box with sufficient space  , where the user can enter as a query the title of a course along with the course topics. With this viewpoint  , we also measure search quality by comparing the distances to the query for the K objects retrieved to the corresponding distances of the K nearest objects. In both systems  , color-based and texturebased image similarity search were available by dragging and dropping a thumbnail to use as the key for an image-based search. We created two systems with nearly identical user interfaces and search capabilities  , but with one system ignorant of the speech narrative. In particular  , we use a technique for approximate similarity search when data are represented in generic metric spaces. The fact that full search achieves higher nDCG scores than pre-search confirms the successful re-ordering that takes place in full search based on pairwise entity-based similarity computation. The plot shows that generally  , the larger the candidate set  , the better the quality. We have decided to adopt a known solution proposed for search engines in order to have more realistic results in the experiments. where sc is the vector-space similarity of the query q with the contents of document d  , sa is the similarity of q with the anchor text concatenation associated with d  , and s h is the authority value of d. Notice that the search engine ranking function is not our main focus here. Finally  , the simplest identification submodule is the newsgropu thread matcher  , which looks for " References " headers in newsgroup articles and reconstructs conversation threads of a newsgroup posting and subsequent replies. When the precision at N   , where N is the rank of the current document  , drops below 0.5 or when 2 contiguous non-relevant documents have been encountered  , the user applies content-similarity search to the first relevant document in the queue. In Chemoinformatics and the field of graph databases  , to search for a chemical molecule  , the most common and simple method is the substructure search 25  , which retrieves all molecules with the query substructures. Textual similarity between code snippets and the query is the dominant measure used by existing Internet-scale code search engines. These engines are known as Internet-scale code search engines 14  , such as Ohloh Code previously known as Koders and Google code search 13 discontinued service as of March 2013. Unfortunately  , these search types are not directly portable to textual searches  , because e.g. , substructures of an entity are not simply substrings of the entity name. The video library interface used for the study was an enhanced version of the one used with TRECVID 2003 that achieved the bestranked interactive search performance at that time. In this paper  , we propose a novel hashing method  , referred to as Latent Semantic Sparse Hashing  , for large-scale crossmodal similarity search between images and texts. And the study on query diversity shows the influence of different query types on the search performance and combining information from multiple source can help increase search performance. Such hash-based methods for fast similarity search can be considered as a means for embedding high-dimensional feature vectors to a low-dimensional Hamming space the set of all 2 l binary strings of length l  , while retaining as much as possible the semantic similarity structure of data. Nevertheless  , if the complete exactness of results is not really necessary  , similarity search in a highdimensional space can be dramatically speeded up by using hash-based methods which are purposefully designed to approximately answer queries in virtually constant time 42. Moreover  , these similarity values depend on the information retrieval system to which the queries are directed; for the same pair of search request formulations  , the similarity coefficient values will vary significantly  , according to the variations in the document set subject matter of the systems considered. First of all  , it should be mentioned that the values of similarity coefficients between search request formulations determined by means of the measures based on the responses to queries depend on document indexing parameters such as exhaustivity and specificity. One of the early influential work on diversification is that of Maximal Marginal Relevance MMR presented by Carbonell and Goldstein in 5. As shown in Table 2  , on average  , we did not find significant change of nDCG@10 on users' reformulated queries  , although the sets of results retrieved did change a lot  , with relatively low Jaccard similarity with the results of the previous queries. The transformed domain ¯ D and the similarity s can be used to perform approximate similarity search in place of the domain D and the distance function d. Figure 1c shows the similarity  , computed in the transformed space  , of the data objects from the query object. 1 and Spearmans ρ distance to sort all the objects with respect to an arbitrary query object we obtain the same sequence in inverse order  , as Figure 1b shows. Full-text search engines typically use Cosine Similarity to measure the matching degree of the query vector ¯ q with document vectors ¯ The basic idea underlying our approach is to associate a textual representation to each metric object of the database so that the inverted index produced by Lucene looks like the one presented above and that its built-in similarity function behaves like the Spearman Similarity rank correlation used to compare ordered lists. The variance of each document's relevance score is set to be a constant in this experiment as we wish to demonstrate the effect of document dependence on search results  , and it is more difficult to model score variance than covariance. We investigated two popular similarity measures  , Jaccard Similarity and Cosine Similarity  , and our experiments showed that the latter had a much better performance and is used in the remainder of our experiments. To define the similarity measure  , we took the number of matches  , the length of the URL   , the value of the match between the URL head and the URL tail into account  , as shown in the last lines of Table 9. In order to evaluate this reranking scheme  , we ranked the URL address result list according to request their similarity. In the latter case  , we computed the similarity between each search keyword and a given URL function inFuzzy. Finally  , a user similarity matrix is constructed capturing similarity between each pair of users over a variety of dimensions user interests  , collection usage  , queries  , favorite object descriptions that are integrated into a unified similarity score. Moreover  , correlations between queries and collections are extracted over the grouplevel profiles  , based on frequency measures  , while some additional statistics are computed to quantify secondary user actions  , such as selection of Advanced Search Fields  , Collection Themes  , etc. This means the within ads similarity of users  , which are represented by their short term search behaviors  , can be around 90 times larger than the corresponding between ads similarity. The most significant one is SQ with the average R as large as 91.189 compared with other BT strategies. 21 built location information detector based on multiple data sources  , including query result page content snippets and query logs. This phenomenon suggests that we should give higher priority to the similarity information collected in smaller distances and rely on long-distance similarities only if necessary . The middle diagram shows the tendency that the quality of similarity search can be increased by smaller decay factor . The main drawback of these hashing approaches is that they cannot be directly used in applications where we are not given a similarity metric but rather class/relevance labels that indicate which data points are similar or dissimilar to each other. We implemented both the basic LSH scheme and the LSH Forest schemes both SYNCHASCEND and ASYNCHASCEND and studied their performance for similarity search in the text domain. We now describe the set-up of our evaluation   , in terms of datasets  , similarity functions  , and LSH functions used  , and quality metrics measured. All these techniques rely on similarity functions which only use information from the input string and the target entity it is supposed to match. Approximate-match based dictionary lookup was studied under the context of string similarity search in application scenarios such as data cleaning and entity extraction e.g. , 7  , 8  , 4 . Intuitively  , we consider operations to be similar if they take similar inputs  , produce similar outputs  , and the relationships between the inputs and outputs are similar. If two documents do not contain query terms their query-dependant similarity will be 0 regardless of how close they may be with regards to the cosine similarity. Therefore  , their distance is not an absolute value but relative to the search context  , i.e. , the query. The format of the results includes method name  , path  , line of code where implementation for this method starts  , and the similarity with a query 11. The search results are displayed in the standard output window in Visual Studio sorted in decreasing order based on similarity values between the query keywords and the respective methods. Future enhancements will also comprise special treatment of terms appearing in the meta-tags of the mp3 files and the search for phrases in lyrics. Furthermore  , we believe that there is much more potential in integrating audio-based similarity  , especially if improved audio similarity measures become available. Given a search results D  , a visual similarity graph G is first constructed. It consists of five key phases: the visual similarity graph construction phase Line 1  , the E-construction phase Line 2  , the decomposition phase Line 3  , the summary compression phase Line 4  , and the exemplar summary generation phase Lines 5-9. Structural similarity: The similarity of two expressions is defined as a function of their structures and the symbols they share. Because mathematical expressions are often distinguished by their structure rather than relying merely on the symbols they include  , we describe two search paradigms that incorporate structure: 1. We analyzed in this connection also specifically compiled corpora whose similarity distribution is significantly skewed towards high similarities: Figure 4contrasts the similarity distribution in the original Reuters Corpus hatched light and in the special corpora solid dark. With other corpora and other parameter settings for the hash-based search methods this characteristic is observed as well. In our baseline system  , we currently support descriptor-based global similarity search in time series  , based on the notion of geometric similarity of respective curves. Addressing interactive and visual descriptor choice is an important aspect of future work in our project. In this paper  , we present a scalable approach for related-document search using entity-based document similarity. By using entities instead of text  , heterogeneous content can be handled in an integrated manner and some disadvantages of statistical similarity approaches can be avoided. Thereby the resource that has the highest overall similarity for a specific search query is presented most conspicuous whereas resources with minor similarities are visualized less notable Figure 1. On the one hand the size and color intensity of result nodes are adjusted according to the result similarity. The measures were integrated in a similarity-based classification procedure that builds models of the search-space based on prototypical individuals. The similarity measure employed derives from the extended family of semantic pseudo-metrics based on feature committees 4: weights are based on the amount of information conveyed by each feature  , on the grounds of an estimate of its entropy. Figure 5illustrates the different similarities sorted for each measure and shows that 41% of the time we can extract a significantly similar replacement page R replacement  to the original resource R missing  by at least 70% similarity. Then  , we compare R missing  with each of the elements in R search  and R co−occurring  to demonstrate the best possible similarity. Using this method  , users can perform similarity search over the graph structure  , shared characteristics  , and distinct characteristics of each recipe. Based on the structure of cooking graphs  , we proceed to propose a novel graph-based similarity calculation method which is radically different from normal text-based or content-based approaches. Since the goal is to offer only high quality suggestions  , we only need to find pairs of queries whose similarity score is above a threshold. One approach to generating such suggestions is to find all pairs of similar queries based on the similarity of the search results for those queries 19. These formulae are used to perform similarity searches. After index construction  , for similarity name search  , we generate a list of 100 queries using chemical names selected randomly: half from the set of indexed chemical names and half from unindexed chemical names. This table also tells us that the search queries will be more effective than clicked pages for user representation in BT. Among all the ads we collected in our dataset  , about 99.37% pairs of ads have the property that   , which means that for most of the ads  , the within ads user similarity is larger than the between ads user similarity. To detect coalition attacks  , the commissioner has to search for publishers' sites with highly similar traffic. The goal is to discover all pairs of sites whose similarity exceeds some threshold  , s. Fortunately  , as shown in Section 6  , any two legitimate sites have negligible similarity. Similarity search in metric spaces focuses on supporting queries  , whose purpose is to retrieve objects which are similar to a query point  , when a metric distance function dist measures the objects dissimilarity. This is  , retrieve a set A ⊆ D such that |A| = k and ∀u ∈ A  , v ∈ D − A  , distq  , u ≤ distq  , v. In the context of chemical structure search a lot of work has been done in developing similarity measures for chemical entities resulting in a huge amount of available measures. In this section we will shortly describe the fingerprints and similarity measures widely used in the chemical domain. The similarity merge formula multiplies the sum of fusion component scores for a document by the number of fusion components that retrieved the document i.e. In post-retrieval fusion  , where multiple sets of search results are combined after retrieval time  , two of the most common fusion formulas are Similarity Merge Fox & Shaw  , 1995; Lee  , 1997 and Weighted Sum Bartell et al. , 1994; Thompson  , 1990. Secondly  , since the queries and the documents are comparable in size  , the similarity measure often used in these search tasks is that of the edit distance inverse similarity  , i.e. As a result of this the queries themselves are comparable in size to the documents in the collection. Finally  , Yahoo built a visual similarity-based interactive search system  , which led to more refined product recommendations 8. At eBay it's been proven that image-based information can be used to quantify image similarity  , which can be used to discern products with different visual appearances 2. 19 Table 1shows the 20 items exhibiting the highest similarity with the query article " Gall " article number 9562 based on the global vector similarity between query and retrieved article texts. Here an article included in the Funk and Wagnalls encyclopedia is used as a search request  , and other related encyclopedia articles are retrieved in response to the query articles. Figure 3billustrates the similarity achieved as a function of the number of attempts for the above query set 9 variables and dataset density 0.5 combination. Initially  , the cosine similarity of an initial recommendation to the positive profile determined the ranking. In MS12  , recommendations were collected by using the location context as search query in Google Places and were ranked by their textual similarity to the user profiles  , based on a TF- IDF measure. The above sample distribution illustrates the number of documents from the sample of un-retrieved documents that had a similarity to the merged feature vector of the top 2000 retrieved results. To achieve this we sampled at 1537 samples 95% confidence for % 5  of error estimate and identified whether new samples with high similarity added any new interesting search terms. The first rule invokes a search for a possible open reading frame ORF  , that is  , a possible start and stop location for translation in a contig and for a similarity that is contained within. With two straightforward rules  , we have a declar* tive program that derives CDS/function pairs from the similarity facts for a sequence. The technique we use for full similarity search is the frequent k-n-match query and we will evaluate its effectiveness statistically in Section 5.1.2. But note that we are not using this to argue the effectiveness of the k-n-match approach for full similarity.  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and the query  Number of occurrences of the query in the target profile's description*  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and DuckDuckGo description* Besides the relationship between the description and query  , we further searched for the organization's description from DuckDuckGo 5   , a search engine that provides the results from sources such as Wikipedia. As already pointed out  , our model for document similarity is based on a combination of geographic and temporal information to identify events. Some work combining geographic and temporal information extracted from documents for search and exploration tasks has been studied in 15  , 20 but without focusing on document similarity. We evaluated the results of our individual similarity measures and found some special characteristics of the measures when applied to our specific data. A click on a particular Stage I  , II  , or III lymphoma case evokes the ad hoc similarity search which results in the interactive mapping suggestion displayed in figure 6. The search is usually based on a similarity comparison rather than on exact match  , and the retrieved results are ranked according to a similarity index  , e.g. , a metric. Spatial indexing is performed using R-Trees 7  , while high-dimensional indexing relies on a proprietary scheme. We note that in the alignment component the search space is not restricted to the mapped concepts only -similarity values are calculated for all pairs of concepts. A pair of concepts is a mapping suggestion if the similarity value is equal to or higher than a given threshold value. The retrieved sets of images are then ranked in descending order according to their similarity with the image query. When the search is carried out  , similarity matching of retrieved images is calculated using the extracted terms from the query image and the index list in the database. Because of this  , in recent years  , hash-based methods have been carefully studied and have demonstrated their advantageous for near similarity search in large document collec- tions 27. However  , directly use these similarity metrics to detect content reuse in large collections would be very expensive. A related problem is that of document-to-document similarity queries  , in which the target is an entire document  , as opposed to a small number of words for a specific user query. Similarity search has proven to be an interesting problem in the text domain because of the unusually large dimensionality of the problem as compared to the size of the documents . Details on how the similarity function is actually calculated for the relevant documents may be found in  111. It i s shown that the resulting index yields an I10 performance which is similar to the 1 1 0 optimized R-tree similarity join and a CPU performance which is close to the CPU optimized R-tree similarity join. a complex indes stmcture with large pages optimized for IiO which accommodate a secondq search structure optimized for maximum CPU efficiency. However  , the challenge is that it is quite hard to obtain a large number of documents containing a string τ unless a large portion of the web is crawled and indexed as done by search engines. We propose new document-based similarity measures to quantify the similarity in the context of multiple documents containing τ . Specifically  , the similarity score is computed as: For each temponym t of interest  , we run a multi-field boolean search over the different features of the temponym  , retrieving a set St of similar temponyms: St = {t : simLucenet  , t  ≥ τ } where simLucene is the similarity score of the boolean vector space model provided by Lucene and τ is a specified threshold. In short  , while these approaches focus on the mining of various entities for different social media search applications  , the interaction among entities is not exploited. 19  , in which the overall ranking score is not only based on term similarity matching between the query and the documents but also topic similarity matching between the user's interests and the documents' topics. Based on the RecipeView prototype system  , we have tested the precision /recall based on our method compared to another graph matching approach MCS. Our newly proposed similarity measurement features graph structure well  , and can be combined with frequent subgraph mining to handle graph-based similarity search. Many real-world applications require solving a similarity search problem where one is interested in all pairs of objects whose similarity is above a specified threshold. Depending on the application  , these domains could involve dimensionality equal to if not larger than the number of input vectors. For one Web site  , when a page is presented in the browser window  , the passage positioned in the middle area of the window is regarded as a query  , and similarity-based retrieval is done for the other Web site. However  , no previous research has addressed the issue of extracting and searching for chemical formulae in text documents. The second set of issues involve data mining  , such as mining frequent substructures 6  , 11  , and similarity structure search 25  , 7  , 19  , 27   , which use some specific methods to measure the similarity of two patterns. for the query COOH  , COOH gets an exact match high score  , HOOC reverse match medium score  , and CHO2 parsed match low score. Therefore  , integrating similarity queries in a fully relational approach  , as proposed in this paper  , is a fundamental step to allow the supporting of complex objects as " first class citizens " in modern database management systems. Supporting to similarity queries from inside SQL in a native form is important to allow optimizing the full set of search operations involved in each query posed. the minimum number of operations needed to transform a document to the query and vice-versa. Given the overall goal of achieving a high recall  , we then analyzed the documents with high similarity for additional noun phrases that must be used to for the next iteration of the search. The number of documents that are part of the non-retrieved set that is greater than a threshold cutoff in similarity represents missed documents that would reduce the recall rate. Once the vectors containing the top results for the two compared texts are retrieved  , cosine similarity between the two vectors is computed to measure their similarity. This is done by retrieving the most relevant Wikipedia documents using a search engine  , given the whole text as a query. According to 19  , there is a benefit to laying out photos based on visual similarity  , although that study dealt with visual similarity instead of similar contents. A review of home-based photo albums provides further support for the utility of viewing search results that are grouped by content features and by contexts 16. Additionally  , we plan to experiment with re-ranking the results returned by the Lucene search engine using cosine similarity in order to maintain consistency with the relevance similarity method used in scenario A. For our future work  , we plan to deeply investigate the reasons behind the relatively poor performance of scenario B by running more experiments. One possible implementation relies on a search engine   , dedicated for the evaluation  , that evaluates queries derived from the onTopic and offTopic term vectors. The similarity scheme is more complex  , requiring some IR machinery in order to measure the cosine similarity between the examined results and the term vectors induced from the Trels. Thirdly the returned image results are reranked based on the textual similarity between the web page containing the result image and the target web page to be summarized as well as the visual similarity among the result images. Then the key phrases are used as queries to query the image search engine for the images relevant to the topics of the web page. The reason to choose this monolingual similarity is that it is defined in a similar context as ours − according to a user log that reflects users' intention and behavior. In this paper  , we select the monolingual query similarity measure presented in 26 which reports good performance by using search users' click-through information in query logs. The SCQ pre-retrieval over queries predictor scores queries with respect to a corpus also using a tf.idf-based similarity measure 53 . For example  , the CORI resource selection approach for federated search 10  ranks corpora with respect to the query using a tf.idf-based similarity measure. The approach places documents higher in the fused ranking if they are similar to each other. Two fusion methods were tested: local headline search  , and cross rank similarity comparison approximating document overlap by measuring the similarity of documents across the source rankings to be merged. Udenalfil with its Nalkylated secondary amine side chain represents a top candidate for this kind of query see Figure 5. To apply this metric  , we converted the user interest model into a vector representation with all weighted interest elements in the model. Falcons' Ontology Search 10  also identifies which vocabulary terms might express similar semantics  , but it is rather designed to specify that different vocabularies contain terms describing similar data. The services determine a ranked list of domain-specific ontologies considerable for reuse based on string similarity and semantic similarity measures  , such as synonyms in 4 also on manual user evaluations of suggested ontologies. For each element in R search  we calculate the cosine similarity with the tweet page and sort the results accordingly from most similar to the least. For each resource  , we measure the similarity between the R missing  and the extracted tweet page. The typical approach is to build some form of tree-like indexing structures in advance to speedup the similarity range query in the application. There has been an intensive effort 7 over the last two decades to speedup similarity search in metric spaces. Note that the second and third features are very similar to two of the similarity measures used in the enhanced pooling approach Section 3.1.2. We use top Web results as background knowledge  , and construct a set of features that encode semantic meaning rather than mere textual similarity measured by the lexical features:  maxMatchScoreq ,t: The maximum similarity score as described in Section 3.1 between q and any advertisement in the corpus with the bid phrase t.  abstractCosineq ,t: The cosine similarity of Q and T   , where Q is the concatenation of the abstracts of the top 40 search results for q  , and T is that of the abstracts of the top 40 search results for t.  taxonomySimilarityq ,t: The similarity of q to t with respect to the abovementioned classification taxonomy. Since ORN is a graph model that carries informative semantics about an image  , the graph distance between ORNs can serve as an effective measurement of the semantic similarity between images. All those applications indicate the importance and wide usage of a graph model and its accompanied similarity measure sheds some light on similar search issues with respect to implicit structure similarity upon Chinese Web. The DDIS group in Zurich 7 initiates the structure similar measure in ontology and workflows from the Web using their SimPack package. The experimental results show that our approach achieves high search efficiency and quality  , and outperforms existing methods significantly. We demonstrated a novel ranking mechanism  , RACE  , to Rank the compAct Connected trEes  , by taking into account both structural similarity from the DB viewpoint and textual similarity from the IR point of view. This similarity notion is based on functional dependencies between observation variables in the data and thereby captures a most important and generic data aspect. The contribution of this paper is to support content-based retrieval and explorative search in research data  , by proposing a novel data similarity notion that is particularly suited in a user-centered Digital Library context. Given a descriptor and a distance measure  , users are allowed to search for data objects not only by similarity of the annotation  , but also by similarity of content. For computing the distance between two feature vectors  , a vast amount of distance functions is available 9 . Such queries often consist of query-by-example or query-by-sketch 14. Finding inverted and simple retrograde sequences requires a change in how the self similarity matrix is produced – instead of matching intervals exactly  , we now match intervals with sign inversions. Finding them requires no change in the method of producing the self-similarity matrix  , but only a change in the direction of search – rising left to right rather than falling. However  , our input data is neither as short as mentioned studies  , nor long as usual text similarity studies. However  , some studies suggest that different methods for measuring the similarity between short segments of text i.e search queries and tags 9  , 12. The total cost number of sequence comparisons of our methods are up to 20 and 30 times less than that of Omni and frequency vectors  , respectively. In this paper  , we formulate and evaluate this extended similarity metric. We view the similarity metric as a tool for performing search across this structured dataset  , in which related entities that are not directly similar to a query can be reached via a multi-step graph walk. The key idea is to design hash functions and learn similarity preserving binary codes for data representation with low storage cost and fast query speed. In multimedia applications  , hashing techniques have been widely used for large-scale similarity search  , such as locality sensitive hashing 4  , iterative quantization 5 and spectral hashing 8. By better modeling users' search targets based on personalized music dimensions  , we can create more comprehensive similarity measures and improve the music retrieval accuracy. Moreover  , personalization of music similarity can be easily enabled in related applications  , where end users with certain information needs in a particular context are able to specify their desirable dimensions to retrieve similar music items. Our main contribution is the search engine that can organize large volumes of these complex descriptors so that the similarity queries can be evaluated efficiently. These descriptors compared by a distance function seem to very well correspond to the human perception of general visual similarity. Consider for this purpose the R m being partitioned into overlapping regions such that the similarity of any two points of the same region is above θ  , where each region is characterized by a unique key κ ∈ N. Moreover  , consider a multivalued hash func- tion , This allows flexible matching of expressions but in a controlled way as distinct from the similarity ranking where the user has less control on approximate matching of expressions. An alternative to similarity ranking is to specify a template as the query and return expressions that match it as the search result 13 . The correlation component Figure 2  calculates the Spearman's rank correlation for the three similarity datasets  , twelve different languages and three similarity measures Cosine  , Euclidean distance  , Correlation 8 . Semantic relatedness can be used for semantic matching in the context of the development of semantic systems such as question answering  , text entailment  , event matching and semantic search4 and also for entity/word sense disambiguation tasks. The comparison between raw-data objects is done in a pixel-by-pixel fashion. We compute descriptors by application of a work-in-progress modular descriptor calculation pipeline described next cf. Technically  , a wealth of further functionality to explore exists  , including design of additional curve shape descriptors  , partial similarity  , and time-and scale invariant search modalities. Our implemented descriptor supports the similarity notion of global curve shape and is only a starting point. By studying the candidates generated by the QA search module  , we find that Yahoo sorted the questions in terms of the semantic similarity between the query and the candidate question title. After that  , the original rank sorted by Yahoo is integrated with the similarity as candidate. However in MIND  , we do not rely on such information being present. These hashing methods try to encode each data example by using a small fixed number of binary bits while at the same time preserve the similarity between data examples as much as possible. Hashing methods 6  , 18  , 44  , 36  , 38 are proposed to address the similarity search problem within large scale data. Main focus has been fast indexing techniques to improve performance when a particular similarity model is given. Similarity-based search in large collections of time sequences has attracted a lot of research recently in database community  , including 1  , 9  , 11  , 2  , 19  , 24  , to name just a few. The default  , built-in similarity function checks for case-insensitive string equality with a threshold equal to 1. Although these extra cases are acceptable for some thesauri  , we generalize the above recommendation and search for all concept pairs with their respective skos:prefLabel  , skos:altLabel or skos:hiddenLabel property values meeting a certain similarity threshold defined by a function sim : LV × LV → 0  , 1. Phone 1 can make a call from a phone book  , while Phone 2 cannot. In other words  , the keyword/content based similarity calculation is very inaccurate due to the short length of queries. Though content based similarity calculation is an 1 the search volume numbers in the paper are for relative comparison only effective approach for text data  , it is not suitable for use in queries. Web graphs represent the graph structure of the web and constitute a significant offline component of a search engine. To make this possible  , we propose different web graph similarity metrics and we check experimentally which of them yield similarity values that differentiate a web graph from its version with injected anomalies. In the experiment  , we used three datasets  , including both the publicly benchmark dataset and that obtained from a commercial search engine. For each query q  , we set the similarity score with respect to general domain class as 1  , and after normalizing similarity scores with respect to all five classes  , we can obtain a soft query classification. Wang  In general  , every similarity query is a range query given an arbitrarily specified range we shall introduce one more element of complexity later. A similarity-based query is forwarded  , where the user presents an exemplar image instance  , but only incompletely specifies the feature attributes that are important for conducting the search. While there might be many high-similarity flexible matches for both the company name e.g. , " Microsoft "  and the partial address  " New York  , NY "   , individually  , the combined query has much fewer high-similarity matches. As can be expected  , this helps to focus the search considerably. In particular  , we measure the similarity between two categories Cai and Car as the length of their longest common prefix P Cai  , Car divided by the length of the longest path between Cai and Car. Hence  , to measure how similar two queries are  , we can use a notion of similarity between the corresponding categories provided by the search results of Google Directory. For example  , one scientist may feel that matching on primary structure is beneficial  , while another may be interested in finding secondary structure similarities in order to predict biomolecular interactions 16. The reason for this is that no real definition of protein similarity exists; each scientist has a different idea of similarity depending on the protein structure and search outcome goal. Nevertheless  , knowledge of the semantics is important to determining similarity between operation. Similarity search for web services is challenging because neither the textual descriptions of web services and their operations nor the names of the input and output parameters completely convey the underlying semantics of the operation. Informally  , we consider two sequences to be similar if they have enough non-overlapping time-ordered pairs of Figure 1captures the intuition underlying our similarity model. Our contribution We propose a new model of similarity of time sequences that addresses the above concerns and present fast search techniques for discovering similar sequences. PD-Live does a breadth-first search from the document a user is currently looking at to select a candidate set of documents. Citation links and other similarity measures form a directed graph with documents as the nodes and similarity relationships as the edges. From Figure 2we can see that using EMD similarity strategy  , there is a higher probability that the top results are always the most relevant ones. Future work will focus on efficient access to disk-based index structures  , as well as generalizing the bounding approach toward other metrics such as Cosine. For both regular and query-biased similarity  , we construct a unigram model of the find-similar document that is then used as a query to find similar documents see equation 1. A similarity score between each place vector from Google Places and each preference vector based on the cosine measure was then computed. The term selection relies on the overall similarity between the query concept and terms of the collection rather than on the similarity between a query term and the terms of the collection. This model is primarily concerned with the two important problems of query expansion   , namely with the selection and with the weighting of additional search terms. They argue that phonetic similarity PHONDEX works as well as typing errors Damerau-Levenstein metric and plain string similarity n-grams  , and the combinations of these different techniques perform much better than the use of a single technique. Pfeifer et al 1996performed experiments for measuring retrieval effectiveness of various proper name search methods. In the beginning  , many researchers focused on new dimension reduction technologies and new similarity measuring method for time series. A similarity range query retrieves all objects in a large database that are similar to a query object  , typically using a distance function to measure the dissimilarity. For example  , AltaVista provide a content-based site search engine 1; Berkeley's Cha-Cha search engine organizes the search results into some categories to reflect the underlying intranet structure 9; and the navigation system by M. Levence et al. Most of them use the " full text search " technologies which retrieve a large amount of documents containing the same keywords to the query and rank them by keyword-similarity. Therefore  , if we have a very large collection of documents  , we would either be reduced to using a sequential scan in order to perform conceptual similarity search  , or have to do with lower quality search results using the original representation and ignore the problems of synonymy and polysemy. Thus  , we are presented with a difficult choice: if the data is represented in original format using the inverted index  , it is less effective for performing documentto-document similarity search; on the other hand  , when the data is transformed using latent semantic indexing  , we have a data set which cannot be indexed effectively. By contrast  , apart from incorporating the search term occurrences in the document for ranking  , our score of every location in the document is determined by the terms located nearby the search term and by the relative location of these terms to the search term. There are research works e.g. , 3 similar to ours in which the score of every location in the document of the search term contributes differently to the document similarity. The proposed method provides:  Simultaneous search for Web and TV contents that match with the given keywords  ,  Search for recorded TV programs that relate to the Web content being browsed  Search for Web content or other TV programs that relate to the TV programs being watched. The hash-based search paradigm has been applied with great success for the following tasks: Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. This paper contributes to an aspect of similarity search that receives increasing attention in information retrieval: The use of hashing to significantly speed up similarity search. The first set of experiments establish a basic correlation between talking on messenger and similarity of various attributes. We performed a number of experiments on the joined messenger and search data described in the previous section. Search results consist of images with ORNs that are close to the query image's ORN  , ranked by ORN distances. We show that the distance between ORN graphs is an effective measurement of image semantic similarity. In particular  , we demonstrate that for a large collection of queries  , reliable similarity scores among images can be derived from a comparison of their local descriptors. We introduce a system to re-rank current Google image search results. This is achieved by identifying the vertices that are located at the " center " of weighted similarity graph. " For queries that have homogeneous visual concepts all images look somewhat alike the proposed approach improves the relevance of the search results. Web content can be regarded as an information source with hyperlinks and TV programs as another without them. To support similarity search  , partial formulae of each formula are useful as possible substructures for indexing. Thus  , the discriminative score for each candidate s with respect to F is defined as: αs = | ∩ s ∈F ∧s s D s |/|Ds|. 9 recently studied similarity caching in this context. The second application is in content-based image search  , where it may suffice to show a cached image that is similar to a query image; independent of our work  , Falchi et al. The CM-PMI measure consists of three steps: search results retrieval  , contextual label extraction and contextual label matching. The normalized optimal matching weight is used as the semantic similarity between the queries. Notice the difference between the scale of the top diagram and the scales of the other two diagrams. This paper presents the multi-probe LSH indexing method for high-dimensional similarity search  , which uses carefully derived probing sequences to probe multiple hash buckets in a systematic way. We plan to study these issues in the near future. For each duplicate DR  , a similarity search was performed and the position of the duplicate DR in the top list was observed . We selected the DRs in the DMS that were marked as duplicates and each corresponding master report. FRAS employs effective methods to compensate the information loss caused by frame symbolization to ensure high accuracy in NDVC search. For each video clip  , FRAS representation can capture not only its inter-frame similarity information but also sequence context information. This paper presents the extended cr* operator to retrieve implicit values from time sequences under various user-defined interpolation assumptions. Next  , we propose models for representating researcher profiles and computing similarity with these representations Section 2. Contributions and Organization: We have just formally defined " researcher recommendation "   , an instance of " similar entity search " for the academic domain. The Contextual Suggestion TREC Track investigates search techniques for complex information needs that are highly dependent on context and user interests. Finally  , we rank the suggestions based on their similarity with user's profiles. The full version with all similarity criteria was preferred and the visual-only mode was seen as ineffective. The stated comfort with search modes and the perceived effective strategies matched the performance discussed above. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. Additional parameters are tuned by running a hill-climbing search on the training data. We defined four types of concepts: proper nouns  , dictionary phrases  , simple phrases and complex phrases. We identify the concepts in a query to feed them to our document search engine  , as it needs to calculate the concept similarity. where α is the similarity threshold in a fuzzy query. The query is issued to the corresponding index and a series of possibly relevant records are returned by the search engine. The use of Bing's special search operators was not evaluated at all. If they are not available  , the importance of textual similarity measures increases  , with Jaccard index being clearly preferred over Levenshtein distance. Since local similarity search is a crucial operation in querying biological sequences  , one needs to pay close to the match model. The Match operator finds approximate matches to a query string. 1 used Euclidean distance as the similarity measure  , Discrete Fourier Transform DFT as the dimensionality reduction tool  , and R-tree 10  as the underlying search index. The pioneering work by Agrawal et al. Top-k queries also as known as ranking queries have been heavily employed in many applications  , such as searching web databases  , similarity search  , recommendation systems   , etc. We also address the efficient query answering issue. In particular  , for each input attribute  , we first search for its " representative  , " which is an indexed attribute in the thesaurus with the highest similarity score above a predefined threshold. If their types match  , we further check whether they are synonyms.  We demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our techniques with a comprehensive empirical evaluation on real datasets. This technique allows us to index the time series in order to achieve fast similarity search under uniform scaling. In the conventional case  , the user provides a reference image  , and the infrastructure identifies the images that are most similar. Similarity search has been touted as an effective approach to find relevant images in a multimedia document collection . In this paper we will use the GIST descriptor to represent a calligraphic character image. Previous work up to now has maintained a text matching approach to this task. Database systems are being applied to scenarios where features such as text search and similarity scoring on multiple attributes become crucial. Requirements of database management DB and information retrieval IR systems overlap more and more. The semantic gap between two views of Wiki is quite large. We can observe that LSSH can significantly outperform baseline methods on both cross-modal similarity search tasks which verifies the effectiveness of LSSH. If γ is too small  , the connection between different modals is weak with imprecise projection in formula 10  , which will lead to poor performance for cross-modal similarity search. The parameter γ controls the connection of latent semantic spaces.  Visualization of rank change of each web page with different queries in the same search session. Recognition of session boundary using temporal closeness and probabilistic similarity between queries. One approach 3 utilizes the following inequality that calculates the 1-norm and ∞-norm of each vector: Simdi  , dj ≤ min||di||∞||dj||1  , ||dj||∞||di||1 < τ. Task T k loads the assigned partition P k and produces an inverted index to be used during the partition-wise comparison. Figure 2 describes the function of each task T k in partitionbased similarity search. The similarity measure used in the example is Figure 21.2 shows a simple search tree  , a request  , the primary bucket and a set of priorities for the arcs not yet explored. Immediately  , however  , the problem arises of determining the similarity values of the query cluster representatives created in this way with each new Boolean search request formulation. The disjunctions of certain reduced atomic index terms would then be query cluster representatives. First  , by encoding real-valued data vectors into compact binary codes  , hashing makes efficient in-memory storage of massive data feasible. 1 We also extend this approach to the history-rewrite vector space to encourage rewrite set cohesiveness by favoring rewrites with high similarity to each other. Search history can go back as far as one month. 22 describe a method to compute pairwise similarity scores between queries based on the hypothesis that queries that co-occur in a search session are related. Li et al. Often  , the structure of the game is preprogrammed and a game theory based controller is used to select the agent's actions. Most robotics related applications of game theory have focused on game theory's traditional strategy specific solution concepts 5. Moreover  , game theory has been described as " a bag of analytical tools " to aid one's understanding of strategic interaction 6. Game theory also explores interaction. Game theory assumes that the players of a game will pursue a rational strategy. Game theory has been the dominant approach for formally representing strategic inter‐ action for more than 80 years 3. The game theory based research lays the foundation for online reputation systems research and provides interesting insights into the complex behavioral dynamics. Dellarocas 5 provides a working survey for research in game theory and economics on reputation. The types of games examined as part of game theory  , however  , tend to differ from our common notion of interactive games. Game theory researchers have extensively studied the representations and strategies used in games 3. Game theory based robot control has similarly focused on optimization of strategic behavior by a robot in multi-robot scenarios. Game theory has also been used as a means for controlling a robot 5  , 7. Games such as Snakes and Ladders  , Tic-Tac-Toe  , and versions of Chess have all been explored from a game theory perspective. Game-theory representations have been used to formally represent and reason about a number of interactive games 13. Game theory provides a natural framework for solving problems with uncertainty. ueu 243–318 for an introduction. See e. g. " Game Theory " by Fudenberg and Tirole 4 pp. Most applications of game theory evaluate the system's performance in terms of winning e.g. 2. Interdependence theory  , a type of social exchange theory  , is a psychological theory developed as a means for understanding and analyzing interpersonal situations and interaction 4. Representations for interaction have a long history in social psychology and game theory 4  , 6. There are many different types of solution concepts in game theory  , the Nash Equilibrium being the most famous example of a solution concept. A solution to a game describes classes of strategies for how best to play a game. Tschang also developed a grounded theory of creativity in game development 16 and a theory of innovation 17. One such study is Tschang's qualitative investigation of 65 game development project postmortems  , finding significant differences between game development and other creative industries 15. A stochastic game may last either a finite or infinite number of stages. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios  , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought l  , 9  , lo . Related problems have been considered in dynamic or differential game theory  , graph theory  , and computational geometry. A game is a formal representation of a strategic interaction among a set of players. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios   , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought 5. Related problems have been considered in dynamic game theory  , graph theory  , computational geometry  , and robotics. The use of interdependence theory is a crucial difference between this work and previous investigations by other researchers using game theory to control the social behavior of an agent. We do not know of any that have used interdependence theory. Because it assumes that individuals are outcome maximizing  , game theory can be used to determine which actions are optimal and will result in an equilibrium of outcome. Game theory  , however  , is limited by several assumptions  , namely: both individuals are assumed to be outcome maximizing; to have complete knowledge of the game including the numbers and types of individuals and each individual's payoffs; and each individual's payoffs are assumed to be fixed throughout the game. Then we argue its asynchronous convergence using game theory. Link's price reflects the interference it gets from the price receiver. The notation presented here draws heavily from game theory 6. Doing so allows for powerful and general descriptions of interaction. She enters a query on game theory into the ScholarLynk toolbar. Shaelyn is completing a similar task using Scholarly. This approach assumes a competitive game that ensures safety by computing the worst case strategies for the pursuer and evader. Other related recent works include the use of game theory for conflict resolution in air traffic management 4. Very little work has examined the use of game theory as a means for controlling a robot's interactive behavior with a human. Research related to this game has explored both the physical demands 9 and the strategic demands 10. But theories of evolutionary learning or individual learning do. Although we have framed the issue in terms of a game  , pure game theory makes no predictions about such a case  , in which there are two identical Nash equilibriums. Formally  , a normal-form game is defined as a tuple  Continued growth depends on understanding the creative motivations and challenges inherent in this industry  , but the lack of collections focused on game development documentation is stifling academic progress. While videogames represent an important part of our cultural and economic landscape  , deep theory development in the field of Game Studies  , particularly theory related to creativity  , is lacking. We then consider the noncooperative game theoretic method  , in which each link update its persistent probability using its own local information. The question of interest in cooperative and competitive games is what strategies players should follow to maximize the expected payoff. In game theory  , a strategy is a method for deciding what move to make next  , given the current game state. As a branch of applied mathematics  , game theory thus focuses on the formal consideration of strategic interactions  , such as the existence of equilibriums and economic applications 6. This work attempts to combine these approaches thus exploiting both the strong economical background used by game theory to model the relations that define competitive actions  , as well as sophisticated data mining models to extract knowledge from the data companies accumulate. data mining and game theory have been used to describe similar phenomena  , but with limited interaction between each other. Lee and Hwang attempt to develop a concep‐ tual bridge from game theory to interactive control of a social robot 11. Games in game theory tend to encompass limited interactions over a small range of behaviors and are focused on a small number of well-defined interactions. We will give a brief overview of game theory  , mechanism design  , probability  , and graph theory. The tutorial begins with a basic introduction to the notions and techniques used throughout the theoretical literature . The pursuer could then be envisioned as an electric train that carries an inexpensive detection device. In 24  , a theory of learning interactions is developed using game theory and the principle of maximum entropy; only 2 agent simulations are tested. The method successfully recovers the behavior of the simulator. Similarly  , the work of 25 leverages IRL to learn an interaction model from human trajectory data. Game theory and interdependence theory Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Typically  , HRI research explores the mechanisms for interaction  , such as gaze following  , smooth pursuit  , face detection  , and affect characterization 8. As of today  , these two approaches i.e. Third  , our proposed model leads to very accurate bid prediction . This is a good example of leveraging machine learning in game theory to avoid its unreasonable assumptions . Internet advertising is a complex problem. Researchers in information retrieval  , machine learning  , data mining  , and game theory are developing creative ideas to advance the technologies in this area. As an example  , stochastic uncertainty in sensing and control can be introduced 7  , 111. F'urthermore   , additional structure from modern game theory can be incorporated. The section that follows investigates this challenge. Moreover  , our own results have demonstrated that outcome matrices degrade gracefully with increased error 18. Fortunately  , game theory provides numerous tools for managing outcome uncertainty 6. The concept of trust towards a robot  , however  , even when simplified in an economic game seems to be much more complex. It is suspected that the trust exhibited in this game was partly related on how people perceive the robot from a game theory perspective  , in which the 'smart' thing to do is to send higher amounts of money in order to maximize profit. both use the outcome matrix to represent interaction 4  , 6. Other disciplines that promise to support for a better grounded discipline of CSD for business value include utility theory  , game theory  , financial engineering e.g. , portfolio theory  , Business value is not the only mature concept of value. For example  , recent work has shown that there are deep connections between modularity in design and the value of real options--capital analogs of financial options. Philanthropies  , universities  , militaries and other important institutions do not take market value as a metric. We remind the reader that the generalized upon the strategies chosen by all the other players  , but also each player's strategy set may depend on the rival players' strategies. To capture the behavior of SaaSs and IaaS in this conflicting situation game in which what a SaaS or the IaaS the players of the game does directly affects what others do  , we consider the Generalized Nash game13  , 15  , which is broadly used in Game Theory and other fields. For example  , in Figure 1suppose that another liberal news site enters the fray. On the other hand  , a more standard assumption in economic theory is the ET game; in the ET game  , if there are ties the revenue is shared equally. The imitation game balances the perceived challenges with the perceived skills of the child and proves to be challenging for the children. This ensures that the child keeps being challenged which is an important factor in both intelligent tutoring systems 17 and game theory 6. Our own work has centered on the use of the normal-form game as a representation and means of control for human-robot interaction 12. What are the factors that influence whether --and which term --will emerge as the convention to represent a given topic ? In contrast  , interactive games like Monopoly and poker offer players several different actions as part of a sequential ongoing interaction in which a player's motives may change as the game proceeds or depend on who is playing. Moreover  , game theory focuses on conceptualizations for strategic interaction. This is an interesting result  , because although they perceived it as less safe  , they trusted it more when it comes to an economic game. Each game instruction had a 15 % chance of being incorrect translation error rate. Although  , the challenge of translating from natural language to a game theory format is beyond the scope on this article  , random errors were added to the instructions in an effort to roughly simulate the errors that would occur during translation. The design includes the assignment of an appropriate set of admissible strategies and payoff functions to all players. Mechanism design is a branch of game theory aiming at designing a game so that it can attain the designer's social objective after being played for a certain period or when it reaches an equilibrium state  , assuming all players are rational. A solution is in Nash equilibrium if each player has chosen a strategy that is the best response to the strategies of all other players. In game theory  , Nash equilibrium is a solution concept to characterize a class of equilibrium strategies a game with multiple players will likely reach 23. The motion planning problem can be formulated as a twoperson zero sum game l in which the robot is a player and the obstacles and the other robots are the adversary . Recently this approach has resulted in tremendous advances in the quality of play in information imperfect games such as poker 6. Inoculation has also been studied in the game theory literature. Conversely  , we consider the case where once a node is inoculated  , it can inoculate more people by virally spreading the " good " information . Table 5shows the ten most relevant records in the " game theory " topic. An end-user can also browse a subject area and view all records assigned to a particular topic. The methods used to represent these games are well known. Second  , we model advertiser behaviors using a parametric model  , and apply machine learning techniques to learn the parameters in the model. Bavota and colleagues proposed refactoring detection techniques by using semantic measure- ment 7 and game theory 8. Prete and colleagues proposed REF-FINDER to identify complex refactorings by using template logic rules 30 . BeneFactor 15  and WitchDoc- tor 12 detect ongoing manual refactorings in order to finish them automatically. A similar approach was developed separately in l collision detection between moving obstacles of arbitrary shapes  , based on results from missile guidance. A variety of robot tasks can be expressed in optimization terms  , and the concept of Nash equilibria provide a u s e ful extension of optimality to multiple robots. An important initial step towards creating such a system is to determine how to computationally represent interactive games. Noise in the form of inaccurate perception of the human's outcome values and actions is another potential challenge. This work is structured as follows. This demand is used to empower a market-level model based on game theory that details the situation the companies in the market are in  , delivering an integrated picture of customers and competitors alike. Representing games as graphs of abstract states or positions has been a common practice in combinatorial game theory and computer science for decades 15  , 14 . The description provides enough information to discriminate this starting The minimal quotient strategies are equivalent to the nondominated strategies used in multiobjective optimization and Pareto optimal strategies used in cooperative game theory. See 7 for a more detailed discussion. ScholarLynk searches Bing  , Google Scholar  , DRIVER  , and CiteULike in parallel  , showing the results grouped by the search providers in a browser window. Social interaction often involves stylized patterns of interaction 1. The remainder of the paper begins with a brief background discussion of game theory and interactive games  , followed by experiments and results. Several different categories of games exist 3. Apart from the continuous and discrete paradigms  , some emerging simulation techniques are also observed in SPS studies  , e.g. , Agent-Based Simulation ABS  , Role-Playing Game RPG  , Cognitive Map  , Dynamic System Theory. Their industrial applications were rarely observed in the literature. In this paper  , we used an optimistic fair-exchange protocol proposed by Micali 13 for fair-contract signing.   , Zotero  , Facebook and Twitter for relevant activities. At the same time  , alerts are also sent to anyone following Shaelyn or the topic of game theory about Shaelyn's new reading list. This paper highlights the efforts of the BEAR project in multi-agent research from an implementation perspective. The BErkeley AeRobot BEAR project 3  is a research effort at the University of California  , Berkeley that encompasses the disciplines of control  , hybrid systems theory  , computer vision  , isensor fusion  , communication   , game theory and mult i-agent coordination. An interesting future direction is incorporating more theories of human motivation from psychology and human-computer interaction into formal game theory and mechanism design problems. The high level goal of this paper is to enhance the theory of designing virtual incentive systems by introducing and studying an alternative utility model. Section 4 describes the implementation of the architecture  , Section 5 presents the experimental results and Section 6 concludes the paper. These kinds of materials support in-depth knowledge of the field  , a creator  , or a genre; they also assist in developing theories regarding the relationships between creativity  , authorship and production. This work differs from much of current human-robot interaction research in that our work investigates theoretical aspects of humanrobot interaction. The novel contributions of this work are 5-fold: 1 We describe a game-based approach to collecting document relevance assessments in both theory and design. Taking into account recent behavioural analyses of online communities and games 24   , entertainment seekers can be expected to put considerable dedication into producing high-quality results to earn more points in a game to progress into higher difficulty levels or a rank on the high score leaderboard. In graph theory  , the several interesting results have been obtained for pursuit-evasion in a graph  , in which the pursuers and evader can move from vertex to vertex until eventually a pursuer and evader lie in the same vertex 14  , 15  , 16  , 181. To copy otherwise  , or republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. An Agent-Based Simulation model is regarded as a Multi-Agent System MAS  , which is a system composed of multiple interacting intelligent agents. Researchers in fields as diverse as CSCW  , Web technologies  , crowdsourcing   , social structures  , or game theory  , have long studied them from different perspectives  , from the behaviour and level of participation of specific groups and individuals Lampe and Johnston 2005; Arguello et al. Online communities have been a recurrent research topic for many years  , attracting great interest among computing scholars  , social scientists  , and economists. The information space is a standard representational tool for problems that have imperfect state information  , and has been useful in optimal control and dynamic game theory e.g. , l  , and in motion planning 2  , 4  , 111. and S C_ F represent an znformatzon state. Similiar to interface automata 8   , UCML takes an optimistic view on compatibility   , that means  , interfaces do not have to be a perfect match to be compatible  , but in contrast to interface automata this is not achieved by finding an environment which is compatible via the game theory. 3  , we can verify the box headed Compatibility. Future studies will generate promising results in all aspects where both a large number of data and interaction between agents are present. Considering all these elements  , the combination of data mining with game theory provides an interesting research field that has received a lot of attention from the community in recent years  , and from which a great number of new models are expected. A non-malicious node is the commitment type and a long-run player who would consistently behave well  , because cooperation is the action that maximizes the player's lifetime payoffs. We first formally define the behavior of a non-malicious and a malicious node in the system using the game theory approach 5. Regarding Cloud computing  , the use of Game Theory for the resource allocation problem is investigated in 30. Finally  , authors in 7 analyze the impact of non-cooperative users in a system of multiple parallel non-observable queues by studying the Price of Anarchy PoA  , the worst-case performance loss of the selfish equilibrium with respect to its centralized counterpart. We proposed a game theory based approach for the run time management of a IaaS provider capacity among multiple competing SaaSs. Furthermore  , a comparison with the heuristic solutions adopted by SaaS and IaaS providers for the run time cloud management will be also performed. With our game-based HIT  , we aimed to exploit this observation in order to create greater task focus than workers typically achieve on conventional HIT types. Following Csikszentmihalyi's theory of Flow 12  , a state of deep immersion is a good foundation for high performance independent of the concrete task at hand. This result motivates a CS experiment where we check the correlation between TCT and performance  , completing our argument for detecting careless workers by their TCT under competition conditions. We start from a theoretical model based on Game Theory   , which builds on a few assumptions and leads us to our first result  , linking TCT with inclination to risk. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work in Description Logics towards providing a quantitative measure of inconsistencies. The main contribution of this paper is twofold: we combine previously known game theory strategies into ontology reasoning and present a measure to systematically evaluate the inconsistencies in ontologies. As a result of her actions  , an alert is also sent to the owner of the reading list  , informing that Shaelyn copied items from it. To put his theory to test  , researchers have recently used a web game that crowdsources Londoners' mental images of the city . Good imaginability allows city dwellers to feel at home mental maps of good cities are economical of mental effort and  , as a result  , their collective well-being thrives Lynch 1960 . An outcome matrix represents an interaction by expressing the outcomes afforded to each interacting individual with respect each pair of potential behaviors chosen by the individuals. As the responses of each game partner were randomized unknowingly to the participants  , the attribution of intention or will to an opponent i.e. The PDG scenario enables to implicitly measure mentalizing or Theory of Mind ToM abilities  , a technique commonly applied in functional imaging. Characterizing predictability. Repeated attempts to deflate expectations notwithstanding  , the steady arrival of new methods—game theory 13  , prediction markets 52  , 1   , and machine learn- ing 17—along with new sources of data—search logs 11  , social media 2  , 9  , MRI scans 7—inevitably restore hope that accurate predictions are just around the corner. Here  , the authors start from a bid proportional auction resource allocation model and propose an incomplete common information model where one bidder does not know how much the others would like to pay for the computing resource. Strategic software design is still a new area of inquiry. EDSER seeks good ideas with some plausibility and some support  , preliminary results  , well thought out but provocative positions  , and excellent introductions to and tutorials on relevant art e.g. , game theory  , ethical theories  , finance  , etc. The EDSER workshops thus function not as mini-conferences but as working sessions. Therefore we propose to optimize the calculation based on the structural relevance of the axioms and properties of the defined inconsistency measure. It is variously called fitness  , valuation  , and cost. Utility is a unifying  , if sometimes implicit  , concept in economics IO  , game theory 17  , and operations research 121  , as well as multi-robot coordination see The idea is that each individual can somehow internally estimate the value or the cost of executing an action. This can be considered as positive impact of the robot's behavior because according to the theory presented in 17 which is graphically summarized in Figure 2  , it is preferable to keep humans in a moderate stress level. For extroverted participants  , robot's intervention increases people's heart rate in easy game level and decreases it in the difficult level. The instructions were not in a natural-language format. The mentioned appraisal variables are then used by FAtiMA to generate Joy/Distress/Gloating/Resentment/Hope/Fear emotions  , according to OCC Theory of emotions18. Since this is a zero-sum game  , the Minimax value is also used to determine the appraisal variable DesirabilityForOther with other being the user by applying a negative sign to the desirability value. Game theory seems to provide a natural setting to study these types of problem  , since it has been used in the past to successfully model other uncertain systems . Indeed the choice primarily depends  , in some complicated fashion  , on the level of confidence the robot has in its estimate of the world. Companies with higher market shares are more efficient  , establishing that the most important drivers of price changes are changes in demand and competition. The efficiency coefficient κ j is of particular interest  , because it represents how efficient company j is when fixing its price  , a well-known result in game theory. Problems arising in the ICT industry  , such as resource or quality of service allocation problems  , pricing  , and load shedding  , can not be handled with classical optimization approaches. The recent development of Cloud systems and the rapid growth of the Internet have led to a remarkable development in the use of the Game Theory tools. The model includes infrastructural costs and revenues deriving form cloud end-users which depend on the achieved level of performance of individual requests . The power of topic modeling is that it allows users to access records across the institutional boundaries of individual repositories; in Table 5the top ten records come from five different repositories. These unavoidable characteristics of the multi-robot domain will necessarily limit the efficiency with which coordination can be achieved. It is consistent with both this tradition and with the Suits gaming definition to identify these states with the general class  , state of affairs  , or with the narrower subclass of physical object configurations in space. Finally   , given the increasing ease of online experimentation  , one of the more important directions is empirically testing the efficacy of virtual incentive schemes in the wild 30  , 20. For our own research  , we plan to pursue the opportunities provided by the substantial body of work regarding the OAP that is available in other fields  , including operations research  , economics  , and game theory. Similarly  , when designing a new method for MRTA  , our definition of the problem and our exposition on previous approaches may prove useful. 2 Based on NIST-created TREC data  , we conduct a large-scale comparative evaluation to determine the merit of the proposed method over state-of-the-art relevance assessment crowdsourcing paradigms. Our modeling approach draws on a number of theoretical bases  , including game theory 10  , 15  , programming language semantics 14  , and universal algebra 19. Our main goal at this stage is to demonstrate the utility of using mathematical models to analyze the outcome of preservation strategies in practical situations. The number of game events in the window and duration of the window are designed to help the sifier address special cases that occur for many characters when we are predicting at the beginning of their histories. The underlying theory being that a character that is making progress will be content with their current guild. 2006  , to the characteristics of peer-production systems and information sharing repositories Merkel et al. The researchers have replicated a well-known pen-and-paper experiment online: that experiment was run in 1972 by Milgram. Our long-term goal is to develop the computational underpinnings that will allow a robot to learn new patterns of interaction from an inexperienced person's instructions. With these steps the optimal parameter setting was found and used to train the model in the remaining 80% of the sample. This result is really interesting because it establishes a quantitative measure of the different companies' market position in a given market and goes beyond the results each single approach -data mining and game theory -could provide. Instead  , it is defined by applying compatibility rules to the in-and output to expand the compatibility matching range. Such experimental evaluation may be useful despite the large amount of data from real-life auctions  , as it allows us to ask " what if " questions and to isolate different aspects of user behavior that cannot be answered based just on real-world data. This is in contrast to the very large body of work in experimental game theory; see  , e.g. , the surveys in 7  , 6. Differently from our point of view  , in 32 the problem of the capacity allocation is considered for a single virtualized server among competing user requests  , while in this paper we consider the infrastructure data center at a higher granularity i.e. , VMs. Figure 8 shows Steam Community populations for the twelve countries comprising the union of the top ten user populations and the top ten cheater populations. Although framed mainly in the context of a specific set of game rules  , we extend the theory into the real world by first observing that user population on Steam Community does not follow real-world geographic population and  , more importantly   , cheaters are not uniformly distributed. In companies  , however  , for more than twenty years data mining has been used to retrieve information from corporative databases  , being a powerful tool to extract patterns of customer response that are not easily observable. The dynamics that these elements define can be modeled by game theory 8 which proposes results based on a solid economical background to understand the actions taken by agents when maximizing their benefit in non-cooperative environments . On the other hand  , research in economics and game theory has focused 8 on the social cost resulting from the widespread availability of inexpensive pseudonyms. This vulnerability stems from the fundamental role of participants in an online world: to provide value  , the distinct pseudonyms must engage in interactions that are likely to be informationrich   , and are hence susceptible to a new set of attacks whose success properties are not yet well understood. Companies that are less efficient  , on the other hand  , present smaller values  , which indicate that their main drivers to fix prices are their observed costs and their lack of interest or capacity to take demand into account. In this paper we take the perspective of SaaS providers which host their applications at an IaaS provider. One of the most widely used " solution concept " in Game Theory is the Nash Equilibrium approach: A set of strategies for the players constitute a Nash Equilibrium if no player can benefit by changing his/her strategy while the other players keep their strategies unchanged or  , in other words  , every player is playing a best response to the strategy choices of his/her opponents. On the other hand  , critics have contended that claims of success often paper over track records of failure 48   , that expert predictions are no better than random 55  , 20   , that most predictions are wrong 47  , 14  , 40  , and even that predicting social and economic phenomena of any importance is essentially impossible 54. There has been relatively little prior research on how advertisers target their campaign  , i.e. , how they determine the set S. The criterion for choosing S is for the advertiser to pick a set of keyphrases that searchers may use in their query when looking for their products. Once that is determined  , they need to strategize in the auction that takes place for each of the queries in S. A lot of research has focused on the game theory and optimization behind these auctions  , both from the search engine 1  , 16  , 6  , 2  , 10  , 4 and advertiser 3  , 8  , 5  , 11 points of view. In particular  , the work from this paper was used to design a campaign to acquire competitors' customers  , which had a high positive response rate and allowed to increase the market share of company E  , a fact that gives even more credibility to the application of such models in companies. Hence  , replacement selection creates only half as many runs as Quicksort . wire as long as the runs generated with Quicksort. When using quicksort  , adjustments can only be done when a run has been finished and output. For the run formation phase  , they considered quicksort and replacement selection.   , for which the quicksort computation requires a number of steps proportional to n 2   , highlighting the worst-case On 2  complexity of quicksort. Either Quicksort or List/Merge should be used. P ,. Quicksort therefore has a much shorter split phase than rep1 1  , which more than offsets the longer merge phase that results from the larger number of runs that Quicksort generates . In contrast  , Quicksort writes out an entire run each time  , thus producing considerably fewer random I/OS. Similar observations about the relative trade-offs between Quicksort and rep1 1 were made in Grae90  , DeWi911. In any modern functional language a similar definition of quicksort can be given by the use of let-expressions with patterns. As a first example consider the subsequent obvious specification of quicksort with conditional equations. it works for any unordered data structure. We believe the advantages that the PREDATOR quicksort demonstrates over the B SD quicksort are: q The PREDATOR version is generic  , i.e. Then the sorted relations are merged and the matching tuples are output. quicksort. Modifying and debugging BSD quicksort is nontrivial. it is quite difficult to understand. two common in-memory sorting methods that are used for the split phase. We studied Quicksort and replacemcnt sclcction. This could significantly shorten the merge phase that follows . sorting is usually not carried out on the actual tuples. If the external ' To implement Quicksort efficiently. First  , both relations R and S are sorted on the join attribute by using an efficient sorting mechanism e.g. For many applications  , building the bounding representation can be performed as a precomputation step. A close analogy can be drawn between the relative benefits of quicksort  , which has worst case O  n 2  performance  , versus merge sort  , which has worst case On1ogn; quicksort is preferred for its faster expected execution time. This is due to the start-up costs associated with the segmentation and could be reduced even further with improvements to the PREDATOR optimizer. Besides consistently producing response times that are at least as fast as Quicksort  , replacement selection with block writes also makes external sorts more responsive  , compared to Quicksort  , in releasing memory when required to do so. Our results also showed that replacement selection with block writes is the preferred inmemory sorting method. Since our technique tests the computational complexity of a program unit  , we call it a technique for computational complexity testing  , or simply complexity testing. , for which the quicksort computation requires a number of steps proportional to n 2   , highlighting the worst-case On 2  complexity of quicksort. With Quicksort  , there is a cycle of reading several pages from the source relation  , sorting them  , and then writing them to disk. Although replacement selection can shorten the merge phase  , it is not always preferable to Quicksort because replacement s&&on can also lead to a longer split phase Grae90  , DeWi911. Overall  , our results indicate that the combination of dynamic splitting and replacement selection with block writes enables external sorts to deal effectively with memory fluctuations. The <version definition > describes the versions a building block A belongs to. Examples: VERS = 1: {Speed = {High  , Low}}; VERS = 1: {Kind = QuickSort}; The five sorts are: Straight insertion  , Quicksort  , Heapsort  , List/Merge sort and Distribution Counting sort. Their characteristics are given by Table 2. We note that in our setting  , we do not ask directly for rankings because the increased complexity in the task both increases noise in response and interferes with the fast-paced excitement of the game. run quicksort for each user. This choice of segmentation is particularly appropriate because quicksort frequently swaps data records. The second was a segmented record data structure: the primary segment simply contains a pointer to the secondary segmen~ which contains the data fields. Proceedings of the 23rd VLDB Conference Athens  , Greece  , 1997 Pang  , Carey and Livny PCL93a  first studied dynamic memory adjustment for sorting and proposed memory adjustment strategies for external mergesort. Generating Test Cases Based on the Input. In going from input to output we use a simple bucket sort  , while in going from output to input we use a technique structurally similar to Quicksort. In this section we will focus on three sources from which equations with extra variables can arise and on how CEC deals with these cases. When using replacement selection   , memory adjustments can be done by expanding orshrinking the selection heap. We give examples of both ways of generating the test eases. The termination of the above definition of quicksort can be verified using termination proof methods based on simplification orderings. Completion in CEC  , however  , in addition to make rewriting confluent  , establishes completeness of this efficient operational semantics for quasireductive equations. CEC supports two such methods  , polynomial interpretations and recursive path decomposition orderings. Our branch policy requires that  , whenever feasible   , each element must be less than the pivot when compared . Similarly  , WISE highlights the On 2  worst-case of Quicksort  , while the average-case complexity is only On log n. In a segmented implementation  , a record swap operation translates to a pointer swap operation whose time cost is independent of record size. The merge phase consists of one or more merge steps  , each of which combines a number of runs into a single  , longer run. The first data structure was an array  , the data structure used by B SD quicksort. Sorting was performed in-place on pointers to tuples using quicksort Hoa62. In the graphs below we assume a disk transfer rate of 1.5 MB/set  , as in SAG96  , AAD+96. In the example  , if we had defined the nonreflexive " less than " -relation < on integers and passed this to quicksort  , the violation of the reflexivity constraint for =< in totalorder would have been indicated immediately: After renaming =< into < and the sort elem into int the specification of quicksort as given in example 2.3 combined with the above specification is inconsistent because the two axioms n < 0 = false and el < el = true imply false = 0 < 0 = true which is an equation between two constructor terms. We have made the experience that if there exists such an inconsistency   , it shows up quickly during an attempt to complete the combination. This inconsistency will be encount ,ercd during complet.ion. Let-expressions with patterns are a specific form of conditional equations with extra variables which the CEC-system is able to support efficiently. Subsequent iterations operate on the cached data  , causing no additional cache misses. The step in the L2 misses-curve depicts the effect of caching on repeated sequential access: Tables that fit into the cache have to be loaded only once during the top-level iteration of quicksort . Discrete transitions are generally used when trying to convey an intuition about the overall behavior of a program in a context where the changes can be easily grasped; BALSAS visualization of the QuickSort  , in which each discrete change shows the results after each partitioning step  , may be cited as an example. Visual events involve both discrete and continuous changes in the graphical representation. All subsequent passes of external sort are merge passes. Pass zero of the standard external sort routine reads in b pages of the data  , sorts the records across those b pages say  , using quicksort   , and writes the b sorted pages out as a b-length sorted run. Although in the existing literature BUC-based methods have been shown to degrade in high skew values  , we have confirmed the remark of others 2 that using CountingSort instead of QuickSort for tuple sorting is very helpful. In this experiment we have set D=8  , T=500 ,000  , and C i =T/i  , while varying Z from 0 uniform distribution  to 2. Moreover note that in low Z values the cube is sparse  , which generates many TTs decreasing the size of CURE and BU-BST. The constant 1.2 is the proportionality constant for a well engineered implementation of the quicksort. For the step a  , we can write t  , = ct  , + wt  , + 1.2 vlogv wstcs which accounts for reading all the documents in the collection   , parsing all the words  , and sorting the vocabulary to generate a perfect hash. Qrtickvort and replacement selection are two in-memory sorting methods that arc commonly used in external sorts. Whether the original replacement selection  , Quicksort  , or replacement selection with block writes is preferable depends not only on the hardware characteristics of the system  , but also on memory allocation and the size of the relation to be sorted. Thus  , the value of N has to reflect a compromise between reducing disk head movements and increasing the average length of the sorted runs. 'l%c second sorting method  , replacement selection  , works as li~llows: Pages of the source relation are fetched  , and the tuples in these pages arc copied into an ordered heap data structure. Quicksort produces runs that ;Irc as large as the memory that is allocated for the split phase. A nice discussion of the details involved in implementing rcplaccment sclccction can be found in Salz90. We will use the attributes to ensure that the output string is of a given length and that the elements are sorted. Our method bears a structural similarity.to Quicksort  , the output string being represented by the context-free grammar: 1. sort_output ::= empty I sort_output "element" sort_output. Basing our method on the output  , we will generate a sorted list of N numbers for the output file  , scattering these numbers in the input file as we go along. When there are many tuples in memory  , this may result in considerable delays. In the case of typical implementations of Quicksort  , all of the tuples in memory have to be sorted and written out as a new run before a page can be released'. The performance results for the two in-memory sorting methods  , Quicksort quick and replacement selection with block writes repl6. In particular  , they account for the 12~second hike in page's response time  , from an average of 410 seconds in Figure 7to an average of 530 seconds here  , compared to the smaller 65-second increase in the case of split. The method however relies on a recursive partitioning of the data set into two as it is known from Quicksort. The sample is basically used for computing the skeleton of a kd-tree that is kept as an index in an internal node of the index structure as it is known from the X-tree BKK 96. For example  , AlphaSort 18  , a shared-memory based parallel external sort  , uses quicksort as the sequential sorting kernel and a replacement-selection tree to merge the sorted subsets. The multi-stage approach used in our implementation is similar to the one used in parallel disk-based sorts 1 in our case  , the external storage is the off-chip main-memory  , not disk. Only the start-up overhead of about 100 TLB misses is not covered  , but this is negligible. This is due to the large number of random I/OS that repf 1 produces  , as the external sort alternates between reading a relation page and writing a page to tbe output run. By writing multiple pages instead of only a single page each time as in repf I  , rep1 6 is able to sigtificantly reduce tbe number of disk seeks in replacement selection  , bringing the duration of its split phase much closer to that of quick. The only exceptions occur when quick is used in conjunction with susp  , which produces the worst response times. Due to the much longer split-phase durations that result from excessive disk seeks  , as seen in Section 5.1  , replacement selection repll is almost always slower than Quicksort quick and replacement selection with block writes repl6. Compared with On in absolute judgment  , this is still not affordable for assessors. Nir Ailon 1 proposed a formal pairwise method based on QuickSort which can reduce the number of preference judgments from On 2  to On log n. Continuous transitions are preferable to illustrate small steps and when the nature of the state change must be explained to the viewer. Traditional expectation-based parsers rely heavily on slot restrictions-rules about what semantic classes of words or concepts can fill particular slots in the case frames. Expectations associated with that word would search for modifiers like "probabilistic" and for the entity being analyzed "Quicksort"  , as well as looking for other components that are not present in this particular piece of text  , While being guided by the expectation-based model laid out above  , we plan to depart from it in several ways. Compared with QuickSort strategy adopted by Nir Ailon 1 for preference judgment  , our top-k labeling strategy significantly reduces the complexity from On log n to On log k  , where usually k n. The judgment complexity of our strategy is nearly comparable with that of the absolute judgment i.e. Therefore  , the total judgment complexity of top-k labeling strategy is about On log k. For instance  , if ADRENAL were seeking documents in response to the example query on Quicksort see Section 2.1 a sentence containing the words "statistical" and "divide" would be an excellent choice for parsing  , to distinguish good matches like "..the statistical properties of techniques that divide a problem into smaller.." from bad matches  , such as "..we divide up AI learning methods into three classes: statistical ,..". The sections of a document to be parsed are chosen based on their potential for producing REST frames that could be usefully matched with the representation of the query. For questions with a simple answer pattern  , the answer candidates can be found by fixed pattern matching. Our pattern matching component consists of two parts  , fixed pattern matching and partial pattern matching. As for those with complex answer patterns  , we try to locate answer candidates via partial pattern matching. We now define the graph pattern matching problem in a distributed setting. Distributed graph pattern matching. Patterns are organized in a list according to their scores. Fixed pattern matching scans each passage and does pattern matching. One promising technique to circumvent this is soft pattern matching. We conjecture that current pattern matching applications may be hindered due to the rigidity of hard matching. Pattern matching is simple to manipulate results and implement. Instead of building a classifier we use pattern matching methods to find corresponding slot values for entities. Consequently  , we believe that any practical IE optimizer must optimize pattern matching. The work 6 describes other large-scale pattern matching examples. Next  , each model's location is estimated. When an eye image is input  , the pattern matching is carried out with the pattern matching model  , memorized previously. A Basic Graph Pattern is a set of statement patterns. Definition 15 Basic Graph Pattern Matching. Graph pattern matching Consider the graph pattern P from Fig. Example 2. The Pattern Matching stream consists of three stages: Generation  , Document Prefetch and Matching. In most applications  , however  , substring pattern matching was applied  , in which an " occurrence " is when the pattern symbols occur contiguously in the text. Pattern matching has been used in a number of applications . However  , their pattern languages are limited by a small number of pattern variables for matching linguistic structures. SCRUPLE 10 and JaTS 5  provide pattern matching facilities that can interpret source-code like patterns. Matching is meant here as deciding whether either a given ontology or its part is compliant matches with a given pattern. Introducing a pattern language opens another interesting direction: pattern matching and induction. Kumar and Spafford 10 applied subsequence pattern matching to intrusion detection. If no matching pattern is found  , the exception propagates up the call stack until a matching handler is found. For the first matching pattern  , the exception handler of that catch block is executed. Surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . Feature matching method needs to abstract features e.g. Two kinds of matching methods are oftcn uscd: Feature matching method and pattern matching method 8. Recognizing the oosperm and the micro tube is virtually a matching problem. This is the value used for pattern matching evaluation. 9 Let us examine a small pattern-matching example . Example. This package provides reawnably fast pattc:rn matching over a rich pattern language. To effect the pattern matching it.self  , finite automata techniques l such as the UNIX regec package can be used. The final score of a sentence incorporates both its centroid based weight and the soft pattern matching weight. We compute each input sentence's pattern matching weight by using Equation 6. But in our case  , pattern matching occurs relatively less frequently than during a batch transformation. The restriction of axes in XSLT has been introduced for performance reasons and the goal was to allow efficient pattern matching. The output of this pattern matching phase is tuples of labels for relevant nodes  , which is considered as intermediate result set  , named as RS intermediate . As mentioned previously  , we adopt VERT for pattern matching. Note that these early work however do not consider AD relationship  , which is common for XML queries. Bottom-up tree pattern matching has been extensively studied in the area of classic tree pattern matching 12. The correlation operation can be seen as a form of convolution where the pattern matching model Mx ,y is analogous to the convolution kernel: Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. Once a matching sentiment pattern is found  , the target and sentiment assignment are determined as defined in the sentiment pattern. SA first identifies the T-expression  , and tries to find matching sentiment patterns. var is a set of special alternative words  , which are usually shared by various patterns and also assigned in question pattern matching. A question chunk  , expected by certain slots  , is assigned in question pattern matching. Let E k 1 ≤ k ≤ m denote the kth named entity in the annotated passage  , T i denotes the ith query keyword Different from previous empirical work  , we show how soft pattern matching is achieved within the framework of two standard probabilistic models. In this paper  , we build upon the earlier work in soft pattern matching. Each pattern matching step either involves the use of regular expressions or an external dictionary such as a dictionary of person names or product names. These navigational features are then fed into a sequence of pattern matching steps. For the first variation the text collection was the Web  , and for the second  , the local AQUAINT corpus. Two variations of this stream were implemented  , Web Pattern Matching and Collection Pattern Matching. However  , they do not maintain the hierarchical structure of a single stack since Lemma 1 does not hold for graph data. In addition  , not all types of NE can be captured by pattern matching effectively. That is exactly the rational behind our hybrid approach to IE combining pattern matching rules and statistical learning Srihari 1998 The triple pattern matching operator transforms a logical RDF stream into a logical data stream  , i.e. Therefore  , the triple pattern matching operator must be placed in a plan before any of the following operators. By incorporating 'anchor control' logic it is possible to operate some sub-sets of cascades in the unanchored mode  , sub-pattern matching mode  , variable precursor matching mode or a combination thereof. The techniques of unanchored mode operation  , sub-pattern matching   , 'don't care' symbols  , variable precursor position anchoring and selective anchoring as described for a single cascade can be extended to this twodimensional pattern matching device. If a text segment matches with a pattern  , then the text segment is identified to contain the relationship associated with the pattern. A pattern matching program was developed to identify the segments of the text that match with each pattern. Each pattern box provides visual handles for direct manipulation of the pattern. Using the generated pattern as a starting point  , the developer interactively modifies the pattern by inserting wildcards and matching constraints. This eases parsing  , pattern declaration and matching  , and it makes the composition interface explicit. We explicitly declare the pattern type i.e. , the associated nonterminal of the pattern root and of the variable symbols in σΓ in the pattern specification. This is a problem that has received some attention from the pattern matching research community. 4 also propose to find relevant formulae using pattern matching. Kamali et.al. pressive language. Particularly complex operations on software graphs are pattern matching and transitive closure computation. The patterns are described in Table 2. 8is to recognize a parameter by pattern matching. In our simplified version of pattern matching  , the search trajectory was designed as follows. The averagc Previously examined by Cui et al. Function recParam in Fig. The tree-pattern matching proceeds in two phases. As a result  , it may have false positives. proposed a similar method to inverse pattern matching that included wild cards 9. Lee et al. A type constraint annotation restricts the static Java type of the matching expression. More generally  , pattern annotations control the scope of the pattern match. In the Generation stage  , the question is analyzed and possible answer patterns are generated. There are several main differences between string matching and the discovery of FA patterns. Note that in this paper  , we focus on ordered twig pattern matching. Both '/' and '//' in the pattern are treated as regular tree edges. Patterns are sorted by question types and stored in pattern files. Only patterns with score greater than some empirically determined threshold are applied in pattern matching. For example  , consider the tree representation of the pattern Q 1 in Figure 3 . Overlapping features: Overlapping features of adjacent terms are extracted. String pattern matching and domain knowledge are used for features of formula pattern. Note that it contains variables that have already been bound by the change pattern matching. Next  , we consider the graph pattern in the first loop. The final score is the product of the pattern score and matching score. The matching score is calculated according to how well the semantic features are matched. The lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the well studied multi-pattern matching problem in the string matching literature 25. During In our scenario  , if each entity is modeled as a pattern  , the lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the multi-pattern matching problem. The goal of multi-pattern matching is to find within a text string d all occurrences of patterns from a given set. Although surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems  , the patterns used in ILQUA are better since they are automatically generated by a supervised learning system and represented in a format of regular expressions which contain multiple question terms. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search  , and syntactic dependency matching . All of the points have the same pattern and this is suitable for a template matching because the points may be able to be extracted through a template matching procedure using only one template. And a chess board pattern is adopted as a calibration pattern because it is full of intersections of lines and supplies the enormous points in one image. In such a case  , we first need to distribute the expression " GRAPH γ " appropriately to atomic triple patterns in order to prescribe atomic SPARQL expressions accessible by basic quadruple pattern matching. Basic quadruple pattern matching is not directly applicable  , if an expression " GRAPH γ " appears outside a complex triple pattern . The pattern-matching language is based on regular expressions over the annotations; when a sequence of annotations is matched by the left-hand side pattern  , then the right-hand side defines the type of annotation to be added Organization in the example case above. Rule writing requires some knowledge of the JAPE pattern-matching lan- guage 11 and ANNIE annotations. In addition to surface pattern matching  , we also adopt n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. The Sparkwave 10 system was built to perform continuous pattern matching over RDF streams by supporting expressive pattern definitions  , sliding windows and schema-entailed knowledge. Finally  , OPS examined the matching trees that emerged from the graph traversal to determine the matching subscriptions. Pattern matching with variable 'don't care' symbols can now be easily performed  , if the input signals set the D flip-flop values throughout the duration of pattern matching. If the 'don't care' operation is to be externally controlled  , a cascade of'don't care' flip-flops D and F as shown in Figure 19.5  , similar to the anchor flip-flops  , has to be set prior to the beginning of the pattern matching operation. Our system focuses on ordered twig pattern matching  , which is essential for applications where the nodes in a twig pattern follow the document order in XML. Rather the twig pattern is matched as a whole due to sequence transformation. We enhanced the pattern recognition engine in ViPER to execute concurrent parallel pattern matching threads in spite of running Atheris for each pattern serially. It is therefore necessary to annotate all patterns before sending the page to the client. We tested our technique using the data sets obtained from the University of New Mexico. Finally  , a novel pattern matching module is proposed to detect intrusions based on both intra-pattern and inter-pattern anomalies. This approach benefits from a better performance by avoiding multiple input parsing. For each token  , we look for the longest pattern of token features that matches with pattern rules. -Named Entity analyzer uses language specific context-sensitive rules based on word features recognition pattern matching. Such overlap relationship characterizes the normal behavior of the application. Therefore  , the system works in stages: it ranks all sentences using centroid-based ranking and soft pattern matching  , and takes the top ranked sentences as candidate definition sentences. The purpose of using such hard matching patterns in addition to soft matching patterns is to capture those well-formed definition sentences that are missed due to the imposed cut-off of ranking scores by soft pattern matching and centroid-based weighting. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. A recent paper by Müller et al. their rapid evaluation. Proposals for pattern-matching operators are of little use unless indices can be defined to permit . Yet ShopBot has several limitations. ShopBot relies on a combination of heuristic search  , pattern matching  , and inductive learning techniques. The interesting subtlety is that pattern matching can introduce aliases for existing distinguishing values. These rules handle match statements. Approaches that use pattern matching e.g. Furthermore  , accuracy can usually be varied at the cost of recall. TwigStack 7  , attract lots of research attention. That also explains why many twig pattern matching techniques  , e.g. The research question is: pattern. Determining the changes between two versions enables matching of their code elements. 18 have demonstrated that soft pattern matching greatly improves recall in an IE system. Xiao et al. We have so far introduced features of the matching rule language mainly through examples. The pattern symbols are: Regarding input data generation  , all sequences  , matching the pattern are favored and get higher chance to occur. Results of query " graph pattern " with terms-based matching and different rankings: 1 Semantic richness  , 2 Recency. The *SENTENCE* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single sentence. We allow seoping using two functions. with grouping  , existing pattern matching techniques are no longer effective. This query can be expressed in XQuery 1.1 as follows: For each context pattern and each snippet search engine returned  , select the words matching tag <A> as the answer. YATL is a declarative  , rule based language featuring pattern matching and restructuring operators. Tree models form an instantiation hierarchy. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : The basic problem is then to limit combinatorial explosion while deducinc knowledge. In SPARQL 5 no operator for the transformation from RDF statements to SPARQL is defined. Triple Pattern Matching. In the pattern matching step  , we will compare performance of the several kernel functions e.g. Daubechies' wavelet. They primarily used heuristics and pattern matching for recognizing URLs of homepages. —the first system for homepage finding. SPARQL  , a W3C recommendation  , is a pattern-matching query language. The rewriting is sound iff Q G is contained in Each template rule specifies a matching pattern and a mode. A basic XSLT program is a collection of template rules. Tree-Pattern Matching. A run-time stack keeps the states reached and allows such a state backtracking. It also leverages existing definitions from external resources. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and definition pattern matching. We obtain We assume  , however  , that indexes are used to access triples matching a triple pattern efficiently. Listing1.2 shows a simple SPARQL query without data streams. The triple pattern matching operator transforms RDF statements into SPARQL solutions. 4 have demonstrated the utility of DTW for ECG pattern matching. Many researchers including Caiani et al. In this paper  , an improved circuit structure corresponds to the complex regular expressions pattern matching is achieved. REFERENCE Second  , the notions of pattern matching and implicit context item at each point of the evaluation of a stylesheet do not exist in XQuery. First  , although xsl:apply-templates may resemble a function call  , its semantics does not correspond to explicit function calls  , but instead relies on a kind of dynamic dispatch based on pattern matching  , template priority  , import precedence  , and modes. We will focus our related work discussion on path extraction queries. These languages can be classified into two categories: path pattern matching queries 22  , 23  , 20  , 10  , 17 that find node pairs connected by paths matching a path pattern; and path " extraction " queries 21  , 13  , 4  , 18  , 12 that return paths. Likewise  , the pattern-matching language in REFINE provides a powerful unification facility   , but this appears to be undecidable—no published results are available about the expressive power of its pattern-matching language. One writes analyzers essentially by programming in a full pro- gramming language; no guarantees can be made about the complexity of analyzers written in ARL  , or VTP. We integrated Mathematica8 into our system  , to perform pattern matching on the equations and identify occurrences within a predefined set of patterns. To address this issue  , we relied on pattern matching  , a very powerful feature that current Computer Algebra Systems CAS provide. On the other hand  , our pattern matching approach is more suitable for determining supporting documents and is therefore the preferable approach for answer projection. Thus we always prefer its answers over results obtained with pattern matching  , which we use as a backup for the remaining questions. Concept assignment is semantic pattern matching in the application domain  , enabling the engineer to search the underlying code base for program fragments that implement a concept from the application domain. Plan recognition is semantic pattern matching in the programming-language domain  , for example identifying common and stereotypical code fragments known as cliches. Traditional pattern-matching languages such as PERL get " hopelessly long-winded and error prone " 5   , when used for such complex tasks. Using pattern matching for NE recognition requires the development of patterns over multi-faceted structures that consider many different token properties e.g orthography  , morphology  , part of speech information etc. The result of unsupervised pattern learning through PRF is a set of soft patterns as presented in Section 2 Step 3a. Option −w means searching for the pattern expression as a word. -bash-2.05>echo "test1 test test2" | grep -Fw test -bash-2.05> Option −F prescribes that the pattern expression is used as a string to perform matching. For example  , the pattern language for Java names allows glob-style wildcards  , with " * " matching a letter sequence and "  ? " String and numeric literals  , Java names  , access modifier lists  , and other non-structured entities are represented using simple text-based pattern languages. The recognition module of person's name  , place  , organization and transliteration is more complex. We use a pattern-matching module to recognize those OODs with fixed structure pattern  , such as money  , date  , time  , percentage and digit. This method requires users to learn specific query language to input query " pattern " and also requires to predefine many patterns manually in advance. Pattern induction   , in contrast  , is intended as detecting the regularities in an ontology  , seeking recurring patterns. The pattern was initially mounted on a tripod and arbitrarily placed in front of the stereo head Fig. Moreover   , the advantage of using this software and pattern is to eliminate human-introduced errors in the selection and matching of points. At the end of this pattern-matching operation  , each element of the structure is associated with a set of indexing terms which are then stored in the indexing base. Moreover the pattern-matching procedure controls  , through nonnalization any excessive growth of the indexing term set. While it is easy to imagine uses of pattern matching primitives in real applications  , such as search engines and text mining tools  , rank/select operations appear uncommon. Typical examples include: pattern matching exact  , approximate  , with wild-cards ,..  , the ranking of a string in a sorted dictionary  , or the selection of the i-th string from it. By adopting regular expressions as types  , they could include rich operations over types in their type structure  , and that made it possible to capture precisely the behavior of pattern matching over strings in their type system. for a minimal functional language with string concatenation and pattern matching over strings 23. Basic pattern matching now considers quadruples and it annotates variable assignments from basic matches with atomic statements from S and variable assignments from complex matches with Boolean formulae F ∈ F over S . Only the basic pattern matching has been changed slightly. However  , we assume that the structure is flat for some operations on pattern-matching queries  , which would not be applicable if the structure was not flat. This restriction is not essential  , since those pattern-matching expressions could perfectly well generate a nested structure. The conceptual definition of pattern matching implies finding the existence of parent node such that when evaluating XPath P with that parent node as a context node yields the result containing the testing node to which template is applicable. The XPath P used in the pattern matching of a template can have multiple XPath steps with predicates. A pattern matched in a relevant web page counts more than one matched in a less relevant one. Third and most important  , we contextualize the pattern matching by distinguishing between relevant and non-relevant pages. As discussed in Section 5  , the size is strongly related to the selectivity . Note that in the following we refer to the number of triples matching a pattern as the size of the pattern. We believe that much information about patterns can be retrieved by analyzing the names of identifiers and comments. Fourth  , we have launched a Master's project to investigate recovery of pattern-based design components with full-text  , pattern-matching techniques. Once the pattern tree match has occurred we must have a logical method to access the matched nodes without having to reapply a pattern tree matching or navigate to them. edge in the APT. Only the definition of windows over the data streams and the new triple pattern operator need special rules. However  , we can still simplify the pattern by removing the parent axis check as shown in We have developed an alternative method based on auxiliary data constructs: condition pattern relations and join pattern relations Segev & Zhao  , 1991a. That structure requires propagating matching patterns to multiple relations when the dimension of joins is larger than two. Semantic pattern discovery aims to relate the data item slots in Pm to the data components in the user-defined schema. Therefore  , each slot of a line can be identified by matching Pc and the line pattern. This is a type of template matching methodology  , where the search region is 1074 examined for a match between the observed pattern and the expected template  , stored in the database. Once the pattern is justified  , the door is successfully detected. Some sentiment patterns define the target and its sentiment explicitly. In a recent survey 19   , methods of pattern matching on graphs are categorized into exact and inexact matching. However  , such structural join approaches often induce large intermediate results which may severely limit the query efficiency. We mainly focus on matching similar shapes. In all of the above tasks  , the central problem is similarity matching: 'find tumors that are similar to a gaven pattern' including shape  , shape changes  , and demographic patient data. The semantics of SPARQL is defined as usual based on matching of basic graph patterns BGPs  , more complex patterns are defined as per the usual SPARQL algebra and evaluated on top of basic graph pattern matching  , cf. 7 In this paper  , we use correlation based pattern' matching to realize the recognition of the oosperm and micro tube in real time. , F k  of data graph G  , in which each fragment Fi = GVi  , Bi i ∈ 1  , k is placed at a separate machine Si  , the distributed graph pattern matching problem is to find the maximum match in G for Q  , via graph simulation. Answering these queries amounts to the task of graph pattern matching  , where subgraphs in the data graph matching the query pattern are returned as results. They represent patterns because either predicate  , subject or object might be a variable  , or is explicitly specified as a constant. We assume that the answer patterns in our pattern matching approach express the desired semantic relationship between the question and the answer and thus a document that matches one of the patterns is likely to be supportive . To minimize the number of unsupported answers  , we decided to always prefer documents identified with pattern matching over those found by the answer type approach. Pleft_seq|SP L  and Pright_seq|SP R  give the probabilistic pattern matching scores of the left and right sequences of the instance  , given the corresponding soft pattern SP matching models. where ins represents a test instance and C denotes the context model. Unknown viruses applying this technique are even more difficult to detect. Self-encrypting and polymorphic viruses were originally devised to circumvent pattern-matching detection by preventing the virus generating a pattern. As an enhanced version of the self-encrypting virus  , a polymorphic virus was designed to avoid any fixed pattern. Moreover  , patterns can only be determined from the unencrypted segment i.e. , the decryption code  , impeding pattern matching even further . In Snowball  , the generated patterns are mainly based on keyword matching. Specificity means the pattern is able to identify high-quality relation tuples; while coverage means the pattern can identify a statistically non-trivial number of good relation tuples . Our pattern matching approach uses textual patterns to classify and interpret questions and to extract answers from text snippets. For instance  , the following is an answer pattern for the property profession: <Target> works as a <Property>. Patterns for answer extraction are learned from question-answer pairs using the Web as a resource for pattern retrieval. Our pattern matching approach interprets a question by creating a concise representation of the question string that preserves the semantics. p i and sq i are the index of pattern and sequence respectively  , indicating from where the further matching starts. value is a probability of sequence segment containing pattern segment. These approaches focus on analyzing one-shot data points to detect emergent events. Pattern-based approaches  , on the other hand  , represent events as spatio-temporal patterns in sensor readings and detect events using efficient pattern matching techniques. In order to identify the list of instructions to re-evaluate  , a pattern matching is performed on the entire re-evaluation rules set. The second optimization is the pattern inclusion. Missing components or sequences in a model compared to an otherwise matching pattern are classed as " incomplete " . A set of intermodel checks between different requirements representation pattern is classed as " incorrectness " . Input rule files are compiled into a graph representation and a depth first search is performed to see if a certain token starts a pattern match. Rose starts by invoking a traditional pattern matching and lexicon based information extraction engine. This way  , when no pattern has been successfully validated  , the system returns NIL as answer. Consequently  , our approach performs probable answer detection and extraction by applying syntactic pattern-matching techniques over relevant paragraphs. Second-order relationships: The relationship between two or more variables is influenced by a third variable. In other words  , a précis pattern comprises a kind of a " plan " for collecting tuples matching the query and others related to them. Joins on a précis pattern are executed in order of decreasing weight. The max-error criterion specifies the maximum number of insertion errors allowed for pattern matching. The min-support criterion specifies the minimum num-ber of times a pattern has to be observed to be considered frequent. In more recent systems  , Lucene  , a high-performance text retrieval library  , is often deployed for more sophisticated index and searching capability. Searching can be as simple as token matching Math- World or pattern matching 15. This includes: word matching  , pattern matching and wildcards  , stemming  , relevance ranking  , and mixed mode searchmg text  , numeric  , range  , date. The IR ,-engine provides the core set of text-retrieval capabilities required by Super- Pages. This system employs two novel ideas related to generic answer type matching using web counts and web snippet pattern matching. 2   , which does not make use of advanced NLP tools. A simpler  , faster subset of this approach is to perform pattern matching based on features. The above method could employ a variety of pattern­ matching and optimization techniques for sensory interpretation. We choose pattern matching as our baseline technique in the toolkit  , because it can be easily customized to distill information for new types of entities and attributes. In KBP2010  , we developed three pipelines including pattern matching  , supervised classification based Information Extraction IE and Question-Answering based 1. Although surface text pattern matching is a simple method  , it is very effective and accurate to answering specific types of ques- tions. Surface text pattern matching has been adopted by some researchers Ravichandran & Hovy 2002  , Soubbotin 2002 in building QA system during the last few years. In addition   , system supports patterns combining exact matching of some of their parts and approximate matching of other parts  , unbounded number of wild cards  , arbitrary regular expressions  , and combinations  , exactly or allowing errors. For each word of a pattern it allows to have not only single letters in the pattern   , but any set of characters at each position. The patterns are assumed to be always right-adjusted in each cascade. We adopted existing code for SQL cross-matching queries 2 and added a special xmatch pattern to simplify queries. Users can either write their own SQL queries or choose cross-matching queries from a predefined set. However automatic pattern extraction can introduce errors and syntactic dependency matching can lead to incorrect answers too. The performance is based on the automatically extracted patterns and n-gram syntactic matching . Because matching is based on predicates  , DARQ currently only supports queries with bound predicates. The matching compares the predicate in a triple pattern with the predicate defined for a capability and evaluated the constraint for subject and object. It is widely used for retrieving RDF data because RDF triples form a graph  , and graph patterns matching subgraphs of this graph can be specified as SPARQL queries. Basically  , SPARQL rests on the notion of graph pattern matching. Answer extraction methods applied are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . ILQUA has been built as an IE-driven QA system ; it extracts answers from documents annotated with named entity tags. δ represents a tunable parameter to favor either the centroid weight or the pattern weight. where Centroid_weight denotes the statistical weight obtained by the centroid based method and Pattern_weight is the weight of soft pattern matching. Instructions associated to a pattern that matches that node need to be re-evaluated. This is achieved by applying a pattern matching between re-evaluation rule patterns and the node currently being modified. We call all the sessions supporting a pattern as its support set. A session S supports a pattern P if and only if P is a subsequence of S not violating string matching constraint. None of these tools are integrated with an interactive development environment  , nor do they provide scaffolding for transformation construction. However  , developers have to write these pattern specifications as an overlay on the underlying code. Cossette and colleagues 9 used a pattern matching approach to link artifacts among languages. The matching is holistic since FiST does not break a twig pattern into root-to-leaf paths. Ambiguous strings are handled at the same time. To demonstrate the flexibility and the potential of the LOTUS framework  , we performed retrieval on the query " graph pattern " . Existing tools like RepeatMasker 12 only solve the problem of pattern matching  , rather than pattern discovery without prior knowledge. It is therefore worth the effort to mine the complete set. Three classes of matching schemes are used for the detection of patterns namely the state-  , the velocity-and the frequency-matching. Regularity Detection is used to detect specific patterns of movement from a properly structured database Itinerary Pattern Base. That is  , the specific pattern-matching mechanism has to influence only that application context. Of course  , only those access events performed by agents of the application example must trigger the reaction leading to the new pattem-matching mechanism. We expect melodic pattern matching to involve what we call " complex traversal " of streamed data. Especially with unpitched sources  , we expect that searching for a melody will be complex  , not simply a matter of literal string matching. To answer " Factoid " and " List " questions  , we apply our answer extraction methods on NE-tagged passages. The pattern matching problem in IE tasks are formally the same as definition sentence retrieval. Our two soft matching models are generic and can be extended to related areas that require modeling of contextual patterns  , such as information extraction IE. The merit of template matching is that it is tolerant to noise and flexible about template pattern. In this paper  , to resolve the problems in conventional methods  , a template matching which is accompanied with projective transformation is proposed. Many commercially available anti-virus programs apply a detection system based on the " pattern signature matching " or " scanner " method. Existing patterns are rendered inapplicable to matching simply with partial modification of the virus code as seen in numerous variants. The results of the pattern-matching are also linguistically normalized  , i.e. We overcome this problem by actually downloading the pages  , analyzing them linguistically  , and matching the patterns instead of merely generating them and counting their Google hits. The prototypes of data objects must be considered during entity matching to find patterns. Thus  , pattern mining that relies solely on matching type names for program entities would not work. Applicability in an Epoq optimizer is similar in function to pattern-matching and condition-matching of left-hand sides in more traditional rule-based optimizers. Thus  , they are used to improve the efficiency of the optimizer. With the manual F 3 measure  , all three soft pattern models perform significantly better than the baseline p ≤ 0.01. 2 that soft matching patterns outperform manually constructed hard matching patterns in both manual and automatic evaluations. To answer " Factoid " and " List " questions  , we apply our answer extraction methods on NE-tagged passages or sentences. 9  , originally used for production rule systems  , is an efficient solution to the facts-rules pattern matching problem. The main disadvantage of predicate-based matching is that predicates should be pre-defined in advance. As mentioned above  , the pattern should skip this substring and start a new matching step. From the foregone information of success matching  , it can get the substring T8 ,9= " is "   , while there is no substring " is " in P1 ,2 ,3 ,4. Besides the detection and localization of a neural pattern  , the comparison and matching of the observed pattern to a set of templates is another interesting question 18. QUANTUM PATTERN RECOGNITION Pattern recognition is one of the basic problems in BCI systems. They also discuss the subtlety we mention in Sec. Haack and Jeffrey 6 discuss their pattern-matching system in the context of the Spi-calculus. Presence of modes allows different templates to be chosen when the computation arrives on the same node. The recursion in the SPARQL query evaluation defined here is indeed identical to 11  , 13. The same assumption is made for grouping constraint and output aggregate function. Later on  , standard IR techniques have been used for this task. Backtracking moves to the next breakpoint fget or the next visible variable current-var. Pattern matching checks the attributes of events or variables. This paper focuses on the ranking model. The extraction can be done using simple pattern matching or state-of-the-art entity extractors. slot is bound to the key chunks of questions. ANSWER indicates the expected answer. The basic cell for all pattern matching operations is shown in Figure 19.2. The equations describing the cell can be written as Wiki considers the Wikipedia redirect pairs as the candidates. Pattern considers the words matching the patterns extracted from the original query as candidates. Encounters green are generated using a camera on the quadrotor to detect the checkerboard pattern on the ground robot and are refined by scan matching. 1. In order to avoid this drawback  , we implemented a new module of text-independent user identification based on pattern matching techniques. System overview. The center coordinates of iris are estimated from each model that is estimated its location by pattern matching. Fig.4shows the situation of eye movement detection. proposed an inverse string matching technique that finds a pattern between two strings that maximizes or minimizes the number of mis- matches 1 . Amir et al. They analyze the text of the code for patterns which the programmer wants to find. Pattern matching tools help the programmer with the task of chunking. Other languages for programming cryptographic protocols also contain this functionality. We discuss our method of soft pattern generalization and matching in the next section. Both experiments show significant improvement over baseline systems. The pages that can be extracted at least one object are regarded as object pages. Each URL not matching any patterns is regarded as a single pattern. A new technique is required to handle the grouping operation in queries. The value which is determined by pattern matching is DataC KK the server's public key for the signature verification . kgenArgS 12. This information is then logically combined into the proof obligations. Implementability and operation decomposition are expressed similarly: pattern matching is used to extract the necessary in- formation. Tuples are anonymous  , thus their removal takes place through pattern matching on the tuple contents. Tuples can be removed from a tuple space by executing inp. The Concern Manipulation Environment CME supports its own pattern-matching language for code querying. SOQUET on the other hand  , emphasizes relations specific to crosscutting concerns implementation. The instrumentation is based on rules for pattern-matching and is thus independent of the actual application. The satellites automatically instrument the application using Javassist 25. Siena is an event notification architecture . Replace performs pattern matching and substitution and is available in the SIR with 32 versions that contain seeded faults. There have been many studies on this problem. In the literature " approximate string matching " also refers to the problem of finding a pattern string approximately in a text. To tackle this problem  , other musical features e.g. , chord progressions  , change in dynamics  , etc. This was mainly caused by the inaccuracy of the approximate pattern matching. The definition generation module first extracts definition sentences from the document set. Perfect match is not always guaranteed. The candidate sentences are parsed and the parse trees are traversed bottom-up to do pattern matching. Our patterns are flexible -note that the example and matched sentences have somewhat different trees. ple sentence to pattern  , and then shows a matching sentence. All the following described operators consume logical streams. For every pattern tp i in query Q  , a sorted access sa i retrieves matching triples in descending score order. Access. The argument can be any expression of antecedent operators and concepts and text. Thereby  , the amount of informa3. When w  , r  , or w 0 is *  , the frequency counts af all dependency triples matching the rest of the pattern are summed up. For the first run  , definition-style answers were obtained with KMS definition pattern-matching routines as described. Two runs were made. Some question types have up to 500 patterns. Morph considers the morphologically similar words as candidates.  ls: lightly stemmed words  , obtained by using pattern matching to remove common prefixes and suffixes. 2g  , 3g  , … 7g: character n-grams 2-7 gram. As an example  , consider the problem of pattern matching with electrocardiograms. However  , one may wish to assign different weights to different parts of the time series. Autonomous robots may exhibit similar characteristics. Biological swarm members often exhibit behavioral matching based on the localized group's pattern  , such that behaviors are synchronized 4. The reason is the handling of pattern matching in the generated Java code with trivially true conditional statements. Coverage does not exceed 79%. A search token is a sequence of characters defining a pattern for matching linguistic tokens. Leaf nodes in an XML document tree may contain multiple linguistic tokens. Xcerpt's pattern matching is based on simulation unification. 2 Novel evaluation methods for Xcerpt  , enabled by high-level query constructs  , are being investigated. We do not present an exhaustive case study. In the following  , we give some formulas in order to perform pattern matching between expressions and patterns. It can extract facts of a certain given relation from Web documents. Leila is a state-ofthe-art system that uses pattern matching on natural language text. Second  , po boils down to " pattern matching  , " which is a major function of today's page-based search engine. We can similarly handle factors 3 and 4. Through training  , each pattern is assigned the probability that the matching text contains the correct answer. based on a training set of given question-answer pairs. Stream slot filling is done by pattern matching documents with manually produced patterns for slots of interest. In Figure 1we refer to this as Streaming Slot Value Extraction. We have reviewed the newly-adopted techniques in our QA system. Also  , there is a need to find ways to integrate numberic matching into the soft pattern models. -relevance evaluation  , which allows ordering of answers. This important feature IS based on a syntacttc pattern matching between user's concepts and system known concepts. These patterns were automatically mined from web and organized by question type. Some question type has up to several hundred patterns. Similar to the twig query  , we can also define matching twig patterns on a bisimulation graph of an XML tree. We call this bisimulation graph the twig pattern. The searching trajectory can be designed intentionally to ease detection of such features. The template of a character is represented by a dot pattern on the 50*50 grid. Character recognition is conducted using template matching.  s: aggressively stemmed words  , found using the Sebawai morphological analyzer. ls: lightly stemmed words  , obtained by using pattern matching to remove common prefixes and suffixes. The generated file is used for programming of FPGA and pattern matching. Snort library is sorted  , optimized and compiled by rule compiler. The general idea behind the approach is pattern matching. The advantage of our approach is that it is not limited to a pre-defined set of semantic categories. Researchers using genetic data frequently are interested in finding similar sequences. Consequently searches need to be based on similarity or analogy – and not on exact pattern-matching. Then we insert randomly some sequences  , defined as " suspicious "   , and detect them through our threshold mechanism. The program slice is smaller than the whole program  , and therefore easier to read and understand. The representation for data objects and their relationships with each other is a relational data base with a pattern-matching access mechanism. goal-directed invocation. A more likely domain/range restriction enhances the candidate matching. For this pattern  , dbo:City is more likely to be a domain than dbo:Scientist  , and so for the range. A somewhat different approach to facilitate multiple language comprehension is DSketch. Application designers can exploit the programmability of the tuple spaces in different ways. We chose the first 20 changed versions. Feasible ? Nevertheless  , such pattern matching is well supported in current engines  , by using inverted lists– our realization can build upon similar techniques. Implementation We have developed a prototype tool for coverage refinement . The time overhead of event instrumentation and pattern matching is approximately 300 times to the program execution. One aspect of our work extends CPPL to include match statements that perform pattern matching. In this paper we are only interested in SPARQL CONSTRUCT queries. SPARQL is a query language for RDF based on graph pattern matching  , which is defined in 4. The result is empty  , if negatively matched statements are known to be negative. This definition of basic graph pattern matching treats positively matched statement patterns as in 4. Some question type has up to 500 patterns. Additionally  , a classifier approach is more difficult to evaluate and explain results. Two sets of rules are developed to generate numbers and entities  , respectively. AskDragon uses pattern matching rules to generate candidate answers. In this paper we will consider only B-tree indices. Blank nodes have to be associated with values during pattern matching similiar to variables. Besides variables SPARQL permits blank nodes in triple patterns. it changes the schema of the contained elements. The Entrez Gene database and MeSH database were used for query expansion. Our system first extracted key terms from topic narratives by pattern matching. In their most general forms these ope~'a~ors are somewhat problematic. Similarly  , the *PARAGRAPH* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single paragraph. Pattern matching approaches are widely used because of their simplicity. The idea of the so-called pyramid search is depicted in figure 3. attack or legitimate activity  , according to the IDS model. This step performs the intrusion detection task  , matching each test pattern to one of the classes i.e. µ is a solution in evalG W   , BGP   , if it is complete for BGP and Our context consistency checking allows any data structure for context descriptions. The first context instance in Figure 1has a matching relation with the first pattern in Figure 2. A type system based on regular expressions was studied by Tabuchi et al. Definition 5.4 Complex graph pattern matching. Now we define the evaluation of complex graph patterns by operations on sets of variable assignments similar to 11  , 13. Normal frames with a hea.der pattern can be used for both matching and inheritance . These frames are used for inheritance only. However  , header patterns of those frames cannot be inherited -only their cases. Worse  , some JS variables might not have declared types O5. Since the combinator used in the event pattern is or  , matching el is sufficient to trigger the action . Say that an announced event that matches el is received . It was shown in the PRIX system 17  that the above encoding supports ordered twig pattern matching efficiently. Refer to Section 3. In order to print matches and present the results in root-to-leaf order  , we extended the mechanism proposed by 5. For example  , tree pattern matching has also been extensively studied in XML stream environment 7  , 15 . There are many promising future directions. due to poor lighting conditions  , reflections or dust. The matching can fail in the case that the pattern does not appear  , e.g. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and then applies the soft-pattern model for matching these definition sentences. The liberty to choose any feature detector is the advantage of this method. Also  , this method can be accelerated using hierarchical methods like in the pattern matching approach. Also  , interfaces based on structured query languages  , SPARQL in particular  , are widely employed. To cope with the problem of blank nodes we need to extend the definition for an RDF instance mapping from 9: The relative calibration between the rigs is achieved automatically via trajectory matching. The individual stereo rigs are calibrated in a standard way using a calibration pattern. Otherwise  , if no graph pattern from C matches  , the source graph pattern P represents graphs that can be transformed into unsafe graphs by applying r  , and If a graph pattern from C matches the source graph pattern  , the application of r is either irrelevant  , as the source graph pattern already represents a forbidden state  , or impossible   , because it is preempted by another matching rule with higher priority. Note that one image-pattern neuron is added at every training point and the target's pose at that point is stored in conjunction with the image-pattern neuron for use later. The existing or newly created layer-pattern neurons one per layer image exactly matching the training image are then in tum defined as an image pattern  , and a corresponding imagepattern neuron is introduced with connections to the appropriate layer-pattern neurons. Generic tree pattern matching with similar pattern description syntax is widely used in generic tree transformation systems such as OPTRAN 16  , TXL 5  , puma 11  , Gentle 18  , or TRAFOLA 13  , as well as in retargetable code generation  , such as IBURG 10. The idea is to model  , both the structure of the database and the query a pattern on structure  , as trees  , to find an embedding of the pattern into the database which respects the hierarchical relationships between nodes of the pattern. Matching 15: is a query model relying on a single primitive: tree inclusion. To avoid such an overhead  , each time a pattern is converted from an expression  , the expression's instruction is added to the re-evaluation rules that include the new pattern. After experimenting with several structural pattern languages based on text  , we discovered that any moderately sophisticated tern quickly becomes difficult to understand. This led us to a pattern language that consists of fragments of Java source code  , augmented with wildcards  , pattern variables  , and semantic matching constraints such as " static type of this expression must be a subtype of java.lang. Serializeable " . We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. The role pattern correlation matrix is the most likely similar to the collaborative group correlation matrix. Therefore  , a reasonable role-based identification is to assign the role pattern correlation matrix F R 1 ,2 which is the most similar to the one C We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. Standard pruning is straightforward and can be accomplished simply by hashing atomsets into bins of suhstructures based on the set of mining bonds. This approach is faster than traditional approaches both because counting occurs without the need to go back to the entire molecule and because counting is done through pattern-pattern instead of pattern-dataset matching  , which results in far fewer comparisons. A pattern describes what will be affected by the transformation; an action describes the replacement for every matching instance of the pattern in the source code. This experiment showed that a traditional pattern/action-based description of a searchand-replace transformation is a natural way to describe code changes. Given the fact that a question pattern usually share few common words with each perspective  , we can hardly build effective matching models based on word-level information. Since the question pattern represents what information is being asked irrespective of the topic entity  , intuitively a correct candidate chain should match the question pattern from the above three perspectives. This year  , we further incorporated a new answer extraction component Shen and Lapata  , 2007 by capturing evidence of semantic structure matching. In TREC 2006 Shen et al. , 2006   , we developed a maximum entropy-based answer ranking module  , which mainly captures the evidences of expected answer type matching  , surface pattern matching and dependency relation correlation between question and answer sentences. Approximate string matching 16 is an alternative to exact string matching  , where one textual pattern is matched to another while still allowing a number of errors. from the LOD Laundromat collection to be findable through approximate string matching on natural language literals. Nevertheless  , we anticipate that pattern-matching operations on NEUMES data as distinct from literal string matching will be required during melodic search and comparison operations. These patterns  , mainly consisting of appositives and copulas  , are high-precision patterns represented in regular expressions  , for instance " <SEARCH_TERM> is DT$ NNP " . Each time cgrep returns matching strings  , they are removed from the document representation and the procedure is repeated with the same phrase. For each subphrase in the list we use cgrep – a pattern matching program for extracting minimal matching strings Clarke 1995 to extract the minimal spans of text in the document containing the subphrase. The exact matching requires a total mapping from query nodes to data nodes  , i.e. , all query nodes are exactly matched by their corresponding data nodes  , and each parent-child " / " resp. To perform a matching operation with respect to a contiguous word phrase  , two approaches are possible. The straightforward solution  , which recursively Figure 3: Tree-pattern matching by subsequence matching identifies matches for each node within the query sequence in order  , requires quadratic time in the document size and therefore becomes not competitive. The heart of those methods is the subsequence matching module. For example  , if OOPDTool detects an instance of the FactoryMethod design pattern  , it would detect not only the presence of this pattern in the design but also all classes corresponding to the Abstract Creator  , Concrete Creator  , Abstract Product  , and Concrete Product participants found in this design pattern instance. By selecting the desired design patterns  , the user is able to receive a report indicating the design patterns found  , and all the elements matching each participant role involved in the pattern. The problem of mining graph-structured data has received considerable attention in recent years  , as it has applications in such diverse areas as biology  , the life sciences  , the World Wide Web  , or social sciences. The conjunctivequery approach to pattern matching allows for an efficiently checkable notion of frequency  , whereas in the subgraph-based approach  , determining whether a pattern is frequent is NP-complete in that approach the frequency of a pattern is the maximal number of disjoint subgraphs isomorphic to the pattern 20. Results The data are summarized in Table 1   , which gives totals for each pattern/scope combination  , and in Fig- ure 4  , which graphs the totals for each pattern and scope examples not matching any pattern are grouped under UNKNOWN. PATTERN: Response SCOPE: Global PARAMIZTERS: Propositions boolean vector LTL: RequestedRegisterImpli As noted above  , all of the specifications we found are available on the World Wide Web at 8. The problem of finding the top-k lightest loopless path  , matching a pre-specified pattern  , is NP-hard and furthermore   , simple heuristics and straightforward approaches are unable to efficiently solve the problem in real time see Section 2.3. We then formalize the problem as top-k lightest paths problem   , targeting the top-k lightest loopless paths between the entities   , matching the path pattern see Section 2.1. We have adopted a " query language " approach  , using a well understood  , expressively limited  , relatively compact query language; with GENOA  , if an analyzer is written strictly using the sublanguage Qgenoa  , the complexity is guaranteed to be polynomial. The idea proposed in 9  is to compile XSLT <applytemplates/> instruction into a combination of XQuery's conditional expressions where the expression conditions literally model the template pattern matching and the expression bodies contain function calls that invoke the corresponding XQuery function that translated from the XSLT template. The challenging aspect here is to how to translate <apply-templates/> instruction  , which implicitly demands the template pattern matching. If the pattern has a 'don't care' symbol  , then the cell should essentially perform a 'unit stage delay' function to propagate the match signal from the previous stage to the next stage. The operation of the pattern matching cascade with sub-string matching capability and 'don't care' characters is illustrated in If the anchor vector has ls in positions s1  , $2 ,.. s k positions the strings x ,.. x ,  , x ,~ .. x ,  , x~  , .. x. have occurred in the text string. For example  , if we know that the label " 1.2.3.4 " presents the path " a/b/c/d "   , then it is quite straightforward to identify whether the element matches a path pattern e.g. " With the knowledge of this property  , we further consider that if the names of all ancestors of u can be derived from labelu alone  , then XML path pattern matching can be directly reduced to string matching . We have already mentioned bug pattern matchers 10  , 13  , 27: tools that statically analyze programs to detect specific bugs by pattern matching the program structure to wellknown error patterns. The authors' experience is similar to ours in that ESC/Java used without annotating testee code produces too many spurious warnings to be useful alone. To detect both known and unknown viruses effectively and accurately  , we must be able to combat viruses that are capable of self-encryption and polymorphism. Exact queries in Aranea are generated by approximately a dozen pattern matching rules based query terms and their part-of-speech tags; morpho-lexical pattern matches trigger the creation of reformulated exact queries. is likely to appear within ten words and fifty bytes to the right of the exact phrase " the Mesozoic period ended " . We describe one such optimization in this paper  , which is called pattern indexing and is based on the observation that a document typically matches just a relatively small set of patterns. Annotated Pattern Trees accept edge matching specifications that can lift the restriction of the traditional oneto-one relationship between pattern tree node and witness tree node. Instead we will try to show the intuition on APTs and LCs and walk through an example with them. This method creates a definition of length N by taking the The extracted partial syntax-tree pattern contains Figure 2: Pattern extraction and matching for a Genus-Species sentence from an example sentence. Then the individual sentences are sorted in order of decreasing " centrality  , " as approximated by IDF-weighted cosine distance from the definition centroid. first N unique sentences out of this sorted order  , and serves as the TopN baseline method in our evaluation . In 1  , we came to the conclusion that the pattern matching approach suffers from a relatively low recall because the answer patterns are often too specific. An answer pattern covers the target  , the property  , an arbitrary string in between these objects plus one token preceding or following the property to indicate where it starts or ends. Higher-level problems  , including inconsistency  , incompleteness and incorrectness can be identified by comparing the semi-formal model to the Essential interaction pattern and to the " best practice " examples of EUC interaction pattern templates. Low-level inconsistency problems can be identified such as natural language phrases without matching semi-formal model elements and meta-model constraint violations of the extracted model. Given a back-point βintv  , p index  , the uncertain part of sequence S is the sequence segment S i that is inside β.intv  , while the pattern segment P i   , which is possibly involved in uncertain matching  , could be any pattern segment starting from β.p index. After greedy testing fails  , we acquire a list of back-points. For example  , the head-and-shoulder pattern consists of a head point  , two shoulder points and a pair of neck points. In 16  , we proposed a flexible time series pattern-matching scheme that was based on the fact that interesting and frequently appearing patterns are typically characterized by a few critical points. Such tools do not generate concrete test cases and often result in spurious warnings  , due to the unsoundness of the modeling of language semantics. A straightforward way to solve the top-k lightest paths problem is to enumerate all paths matching the given path pattern and pick the top-k lightest paths. Here vertex 6 can be mapped to both the second vertex label and the fourth vertex label in the path pattern. Therefore  , we need to convert a triple pattern into a set of coordinates in data space  , using the same hash functions that we used for index creation  , to obtain coordinates for a given RDF triple. To determine relevant sources we first need to identify the region in data space that contains all possible triples matching the pattern. Section 3 describes the architecture of our definition generation system  , including details of our application of PRF to automatically label the training data for soft pattern generalization. It also became clear that developers want to use high-level structural concepts e.g. , a class  , a variable  , an if-statement to describe patterns  , and prefer to use fragments of source code to describe actions. A rewrite rule is a double grafting transformation consisting of a tree pattern T also called " the lefthand side "  and advice Γ that is applied to the source at all locations where T matches. An aspect is a set of pattern-matching-based rewrite rules that statically extend a given program with sets of programming statements and declarations that together implement a crosscutting concern. The worst case scenario would be for the optimizer to not incorporate sorting into the pattern tree match and apply it afterwards. The selectivity of such query is determined by the original selection and the trees produced when matching the pattern tree of the selection to the database. Pattern matching deal with two problems  , the graph isomorphism problem that has a unknown computational complexity  , and the subgraph isomorphism problem which is NP-complete. in determining if there exists a mapping or isomorphism  between a graph pattern and a subgraph of a database graph use cases 2.1  , 2.12 and 2.13 in DAWG Draft 58. We expressly do not wish to support this because it would correspond to replay attacks and violate freshness assump- tions. We assume that XML documents are tokenized by a languagedependent tokenizer to identify linguistic tokens. To demonstrate how an application can add new facts to the YAGO ontology  , we conducted an experiment with the knowledge extraction system Leila 25 . Third  , template parameters  , as opposed to XQuery function parameters   , may be optional. However  , sequence < 1  , 3  , 2 > supports < 1  , 3 >. They hence can be pushed to be executed in the navigation pattern matching stage for deriving variable bindings. Intuitively  , this can be done because these constraints and conditions are  , in a sense  , analogous to the relational selection operations. Nevertheless  , CnC possibly suffers more than bug pattern matching tools in this regard because it has no domain-specific or context knowledge. As mentioned earlier  , every automatic error checking system has this weakness. With the use of AI techniques for semantic pattern matching  , it may be possible to build a relatively successful library manager. Simple keyword searching is unlikely to be adequate. In IntelliJ IDEA  , there is a facility called Structural Search and Replace that enables limited transformations by pattern matching on the syntax tree. In Eclipse  , it requires writing a new plugin  , and mastery of a number of complex APIs. The pattern-matching techniques  , such as PMD  , are unsound but scale well and have been effectively employed in industry. These likely locations are reported to programmers typically at coding-time. Patterns were originally developed to capture recurring solutions to design and coding prob- lems 12 . We adopted a pattern-based approach to presenting our specification abstractions because of its focus on the matching of problem characteristics to solution strategies. Furthermore   , it allows for restriction of the query domain  , similar to context definitions in SOQUET 8 . When a group of methods have similar names  , we summarize these methods as a scope expression using a wild-card pattern matching operator . The only methods transformed are those in the scope but not in the exceptions. Certain PREfast analyses are based on pattern matching in the abstract syntax tree of the C/C++ program to find simple programming mistakes. As a result  , the PREfast analyses are inexpensive  , accounting for negligible percentage of compile time. For instance  , in the following case. We have thus decided to combine navigational probing with FSMs and present a new method SINGLEDFA for this category. At each point  , partial or total pattern matching is performed  , depending on the existing partial matches and the current node. In a first step the name is converted to its unique SMILES representation: For each matching SMARTS pattern  , we set the corresponding bit to 1. Let us consider our chemist searching for Sildenafil. Exact pattern matching in a suux tree involves one partial traversal per query. We currently estimate this threshold to be in the region of minimum query length of 10 to 12 letters for human chromosomes.  We show the efficient coordination of queries spanning multiple peers. This paper has explored the integration of traditional database pattern matching operators and numeric scientific operators. Integrating support for arrays  , as well as operations on them  , is an important extension of this research which we are currently investigating. These patterns  , such as looking for copular constructions and appositives  , were either hand-constructed or learned from a training corpus. Many systems used pattern-matching to locate definition-content in text. The patterns used in ILQUA are automatically learned and extracted. However in some situations  , external knowledge is helpful  , the challenge here is how to acquire and apply external knowledge. The what questions that are classified by patterns are in Table  ? ?. Some What questions are classified by pattern matching and  , for the rest of questions  , the question focus is used to classify the questions. For query generation  , we modify verb constructions with auxiliaries that differ in questions and corresponding answers  , e.g. " To facilitate pattern matching   , all verbs are replaced by their infinitives and all nouns by their singular forms. The system then builds semantic representation for both the question and the selected sentences. We try to find the answer from the sentence list returned without a match by the pattern matching step. We found that 12 ,006 reports had one visit associated while 2 ,387 of the reports had more than or equal to 10 visits. Using simple pattern matching we extracted section headings and identified segments pertaining to different population and age groups. Besides generating seed patterns  , the Pattern Matching method also relies on the ability of tagging the words correctly. In order to do that  , we collected list of cities  , list of states  , and list of countries. An example of the pattern matching operation is shown in Figure 19 The 'anchor' input line could be pulsed with arrival of every text character  , in which case the operations will take place in the 'unanchored' mode. This occurs because  , during crawling  , only the links matching the regular expression in the navigation pattern are traversed. Notice that  , in all cases  , the numbers in the " Crawling " column are smaller than the numbers in the " Generation " column. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. When certain characters are found in an argument  , they cause replacement of that argument by a sorted list of zero or more file names obtained by pattern-matching on the contents of directories. Many command arguments are names of files. Most characters match themselves. In general  , mining specifications through pattern matching produces a large result set. Adding then becomes a sequence of Boolean operations: we intersect the value to add with the " adder " BDD and remove the original value by existential quantification. Previous work 10  , 18  , 25 on mining alternating specifications has largely focused on developing efficient ranking and selection mechanisms . The type of the exception thrown is compared with the exception types declared as arguments in each catch block. No matching pattern indicates that PAR cannot generate a successful patch for a bug since no fix template has appropriate editing scripts. Generating this predicate from scratch is challenging. Word expert parsers 77  seem particularly suitable ; the TOPIC system employs one to condense information from article abstracts into frames 39. Flexible parsing methods  , often based on pattern matching  , are of value in these situations 41. In particular  , there are two sets of rules predicates which work together to identify the set of successor tasks. The generation of potential candidates i s performed by Prolog's pattern matching. EDITOR is a procedural language 4 for extraction and restructuring of text from arbitrary documents. Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. by embedding meta data with RDFa. Atheris relies on the robust pattern-matching technique of ViPER and introduces an abstraction layer between web pages and additional functionality for these pages changing the appearance  , adding information  , etc. outline preliminaries in Sect. For a partial binding b  , we refer to a pattern tp i with no matching triple as unevaluated and write * in b's i-th position: The deletion of triples also removes the knowledge that has been inferred from these triples. RDF triples can also be removed from the knowledge base by providing a statement pattern matching the triples to be deleted delete. Relevant datasets are selected using the predicate-matching method  , that a triple pattern is assigned to datasets that contains its predicate. However  , as admitted by the authors  , detailed VoID files are unlikely to be available on a large scale. There is often not much texture in indoor man-made environments for high coverage dense stereo matching. We can see that the coverage of the 3D model is increased substantially with the pattern projector. Accordingly  , it is able to localize points more precisely even if an image is suffering from noise. On the other hand  , pattern matching method performs directly on original image. Because the feature abstracting is time-consuming  , this kind of method is difficult to realize in real time. We use a method  , which is based on binary morphological operation  , to recognize the micro tube. It is not suitable to use pattern matching method to recognize the micro injector because of the low efficiency and poor accuracy. During the preliminary system learning two binary images are formed fig. Due to high TV raster stability and precision of manipulators that are used for the next LCD positioning the task was reduced to binary pattern matching. Another advantage is that for the rotation of the object only few sample points have to be rotated. Subgrouping may occur based on the group's task  , position within the swarm  , entity size  , role or a combination of factors. Figure 9shows an interesting inversed staircase pattern due to the reverse presentation order. Typical cross reactions between similar patterns are actually desired and illustrate a certain tolerance for inexact matching. Our second major enhancement to traditional parallel coordinates visualization allows the user to query shapes based on approximate pattern matching. The query can be formed either by indicating an example data point or by specifying the shape of interest explicitly. However  , conversations are bound to evolve in different conversational patterns  , leading to a progressive decay in the matching ambiguity. This is observed   , first  , because most conversations in the beginning exhibit a customary dialog pattern  " hi  , " " how are you  , " etc. each sentiment phrase detected Section 3.3  , SA determines its target and final polarity based on the sentiment pattern database Section 3.1.2. Note that figures 7 and 8 represent matching results of the sequences grouped into the same cluster. Since this pattern was commonly observed regardless of virus type and administration of IFN  , it implied ineffective cases of IFN treatment. As joins are expressed by conjunctions of multiple triple patterns and associated variables  , a prerequisite for join source selection is the identification of relevant sources for a given triple pattern. It matches the exact source code fragment selected by the user and all the other source code fragments that are textually similar to the selection whitespace and comments are ignored by the pattern matcher. The generated pattern is concrete  , that is  , it contains no wildcards and no matching constraints. For example  , the proximity function can be evaluated by keeping track of the word count in relation to specified set of pattern matches. The queries in classes 7 and 8 can be implemented by the SFEU by combining the results of basic pattern matching. The elementary graph pattern is called a basic graph pattern BGP; it is a set of triple patterns which are RDF triples that may contain variables at the subject  , predicate  , and object position. SPARQL is based on graph patterns and subgraph matching. The C-SPARQL 1 extension enabled the registration of continuous SPARQL queries over RDF streams  , thus  , bridging data streams with knowledge bases and enabling stream reasoning. Two important types of patterns are the value change pattern and the failure pattern. After the matching is completed  , sorting of variables is performed to enable the user to view those most interesting patterns in nearby sections of the horizontal axis. An example for this definition is given by evaluating the query from Example 5.1 on the dataset of Example 5.2 delivering the result as indicated in example 5.3. These potential problems are highlighted to the engineer using visual annotations on the EUC model elements. Matching of a substantial part of an extracted EUC model to an EUC pattern indicates potential incompleteness and/or incorrectness at the points of deviation from the pattern. In terms of CASE tools support  , we are testing a few mechanisms that allow generation of constraints for pattern verification as well as matching rules for pattern recovery given a UML design model. We are currently working on the specification of leitmotif behavior with the aid of Action Semantics. This model can represent insertion  , deletion and framing errors as well as substitution errors. In this model  , a pair i  , j of original and recognized string lengths is used as an error pattern of OCR and weight  , or a penalty of incorrect recognition is assigned to each pattern to calculate the similarity of two strings by dynamic programming matching. Then extracted sentences are scanned  , detecting the constructs matching the template < person1 >< pattern >< person2 > such as <Barack Obama><and his rival><John McCain>  , using a person names dictionary and a sliding window with a pattern length of three words. The entity pairs are extracted from the body of the archived documents first by splitting the documents into sentences using the Stanford CoreNLP library 4 . To reduce noise in the data we exclude pairs with identical names and discard overly long sentences and patterns. The individual right that the teacher Martin holds  , allowing him to reproduce an excerpt of the musical piece during a lesson  , is derived from the successful matching between the instances describing the intended action and the instances describing the pattern. The intended action is highlighted on the bottom half and the top half is the permission pattern. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. The graph pattern included in a SPARQL query is converted into a composition of such iterators  , according to a created query plan. Thus in the experiments below  , for the target set any attribute value that is not specifically of interest as specified by the target pattern retains its original value for determining matching rules. Where target pattern means: the set of attribute values in the target set that are being evaluated. 3 Many research works for the repeating patterns have been on an important subtype: the tandem repeats 10  , where repeating copies occur together in the sequence. The matching degree is calculated in two parts. Using the same window size w  , the token fragment S surrounding the <SCH_TERM> is retrieved: The matching degree of the test sentence to the generalized definition patterns is measured by the similarity between the vector S and the virtual soft pattern vector Pa. On the other hand  , the pattern in Figure 2a will not capture all resale activities due to the limitation of using the single account matching. It is much desired that an elastic matching of items can be used to accurately identify resales. The second factor requires matching specific tuple occurrences γ Section 4.2  , which can only be executed when the query terms e.g. , " amazon " and #phone and patterns e.g. , ow are specified. For example   , one cannot constrain the matching of events that logically match various parts of the same event pattern to those events that were generated by the same user or on the same machine. Snoop  , however  , does not provide mechanisms for using contextual in- formation to constrain event matching. Typically  , a Web browser interprets an HTML file just once  , in sequential order  , and so the semantics of character data do not need to be spot-checked by 'random access'. Incorporating individual slots' probabilities enables the bigram model to allow partial matching  , which is a characteristic of soft pattern matching. This is because the position of a token is important in modeling: for instance  , a comma always appears in the first slot right of the target in an appositive expression. In other words  , even if some slots cannot be matched  , the bigram model can still yield a high match score by combining those matched slots' unigram probabilities. If no handler is found in the whole call stack  , the exception handler mechanism either propagates a general exception or the program is terminated. In LOTUS  , query text is approximately matched to existing RDF literals and their associated documents and IRI resources Req1. To train these semantic matching models  , we need to collect three training sets  , formed by pairs of question patterns and their true answer type/pseudopredicate/entity pairs. Three matching models shall be learned for question pattern respectively paired with answer type  , pseudopredicate   , and entity pairs. The tool implementation of MATA has been extended to include matching of any fragments using AGG as the back-end graph rule execution engine. Since MATA is based on graph transformations  , sequence pointcuts can be handled in a straightforward manner since they are just another application of pattern matching-based weaving.  The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. The stack enables the testing of parent-child and ancestor-descendant relationships and limits the search space during the subsequence matching. system  , with rules maximizing recall  , 2 Pass the grammar annotated data through an ML system based on Carreras  , X. et al  , 2003  , and 3 In the spirit of Mikheev  , A. et al  , 1998 perform partial matching on the text. Techniques were used for query expansion  , tokenization  , and eliminating results due solely to matching an acronym on the query side with an acronymic MeSH term. The first phase consisted of pattern matching between query terms and MeSH terms that are found in MeSH regular descriptor file and MeSH supplementary concept records file. However the matching is not straightforward because of the two reasons. Since the positions of the acoustic landmarks are independent of the current position of a mobile robot  , we may localize the mobile robot by matching the newly acquired two dimensional pattern of the reflectors with that of the acoustic landmarks. Consider a software system that is modeled by its inheritance and containment graphs  , and the task is to analyze how many instances of the design pattern Composite are used in the design of the system. During the training session  , the above extraction pattern is applied to the web page and the first table matching the pattern is returned as the web clip. Thus  , one of the extraction patterns would be a <TABLE> element that immediately follows a <DIV> with the text " Sample Round-trip fares between: " . This is presented to the user by Figure 4: Training session highlighting the clipped element with a blue border. Therefore  , in the following components we treat URLs matching with each pattern as a separate source of information. It is shown by our experiments that each selected URL pattern usually matches with a large number of URLs of the same format. If a sample graph vertex label matches the pattern but is not correctly mapped to the model graph vertex then the fitness of the projection is reduced. Accordingly   , our approach allows the user to specify regular expression patterns as part of the fitness function such that sample graph vertices matching the pattern should be clustered and mapped to a particular model graph vertex. The tool compares extracted EUC models to our set of template EUC interaction patterns that represent valid  , common ways of capturing EUC models for a wide variety of domains. As part of an earlier task on a system that supported the visualization of object connections in a distributed system  , the subject had implemented a locking mechanism to allow only one method of an object to execute at one time. But the pattern is quite difficult to understand so it helps to have this pattern level view and this matching into the source code. 3 In case some attributes are non-nullable  , we use SET DEFAULT to reset attributes values to their default value. 2 In contrast  , when matching a data tuple t and a pattern tuple tp  , tX tpX is false if tX contains null  , i.e. , CFDs only apply to those tuples that precisely match a pattern tuple  , which does not contain null. Certainly  , if the lexicon is available in main memory it can be scanned using normal pattern rnatching techniques to locate partially specified terms. Standard languages for interactive text retrieval include pattern-matching constructs such as wild characters and other forms of partial specification of query terms 1121. Each of the rewriting patterns contains a * symbol  , which encodes the required position of the answer in the text with respect to the pattern. Each rewriting rule is composed of one Perl-like question matching pattern and one or more rewriting patterns. In the next section  , we will see that estimating the intended path from an incomplete sequence of the subject's motion even after it is started holds technical utility. Here  , the problem of estimating an intended path pattern is defined as a pattern matching problem from incomplete data sequence of a human motion in its early stage. Each fragment matching a triple pattern fragment is divided into pages  , each page contains 100 triples. The key is a triple pattern fragment where the predicate is a constant and the value is the set of triples that matches the fragment 16. Thus  , by saving the 3D edge identifiers in dlata points of a CP pattern  , correspondence between the model edges and the image edges can be obtained after matching. However  , the data points of the CP pattern are related to a corresponding edge of a CAD model. This is done without any overhead in the procedure of counting conditional databases. The difference of CMAR from other associative classification methods is that for every pattern  , CMAR maintains the distribution of various class labels among data objects matching the pattern. Threshold-based approaches consider an event to occur when sensor readings exceed a pre-defined threshold value. In the first case  , the Triplify script searches a matching URL pattern for the requested URL  , replaces potential placeholders in the associated SQL queries with matching parts in the request URL  , issues the queries and transforms the returned results into RDF cf. when a URL in the Triplify namespace is accessed or in advance  , according to the ETL paradigm Extract-Transform-Load. That allowed us to achieve the purpose of this method which was the extraction of a much larger number of matching points than in the previous method. A truly robust solution needs to include other techniques  , such as machine learning applied to instances  , natural language technology  , and pattern matching to reuse known matches. While we believe we have made progress on the schema-matching problem  , we do not claim to have solved it. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate sentences or passages and a list of named entities are generated as answer candidate. contiguous and non-contiguous combinations of words are generated and ranked in the descending order of their length. In addition to weighting the importance of matching data in the high-information regions  , it would also be appropriate to weight the most current data more strongly. The described general procedure for pattern matching could utilize the entire history of data acquired durin g an assembly attempt. Characteristics of projective transformation is also utilized to perform correspondences between two coordinate systems and to extract points. The pattern matching for the rules is done by recursive search with optimisations  , such as identifying an optimal ordering for the evaluation of the rules and patterns. For inferencing Cwm uses a forward chain reasoner for N3 rules. Like ML  , it has important features such as pattern matching and higher-order functions  , while allowing the use of updatable references. JunGL is primarily a functional language in the tradition of ML. The advantages of this type of programming language in compiler-like tools is well-known 1. XOBE is an extension of Java  , which does support XPath expressions  , but subtyping is structural. Navigation of XML values in Xtatic is accomplished by pattern matching  , which has different characteristics than those of XPath expressions. But they cannot combine data streams with evolving knowledge  , and they cannot perform reasoning tasks over streaming data. As mentioned above  , current EP systems 1  , 6  , 8  do real-time pattern matching over unbound event streams. Secondly  , having a more accurate selection in an incremental transformation allows minimizing the instructions that need to be re-evaluated. Clearly  , video indexing is complex and many factors influence both how people select salient segments. This also makes automatic summarization easier because human voices can be easily recognized and pattern matching should be useful for recognizing many natural sounds. The Jena graph implementation for non-inference in-memory models supports the look-up for the number of triples matching either a subject  , a predicate or an object of a triple pattern. We use such information to compute selectivities. 630 where Φ 1 and Φ 2 are relations representing variable assignments and their annotations. The following definition will specify how complex formulae from F  , which serve as annotations for results of matching complex graph pattern  , will be derived. In standard SPARQL query forms  , such as SE- LECT and CONSTRUCT  , allow to specify how resulting variable bindings or RDF graphs  , respectively  , are formed based on the solutions from graph pattern matching 15 . Query forms. We proposed VERT  , to solve these content problems   , by introducing relational tables to index values. Traditional twig pattern matching techniques suffer from problems dealing with contents  , such as difficulty in data content management and inefficiency in performing content search. In addition to the data provided by Zimmermann et al. 31  , extracted the data from the Eclipse code repository and bug database and mapped defects to source code locations files using some heuristics based on pattern matching. The argument p is often called a template  , and its fields contain either actuals or formals. Another related work is a recent study in 2 on approximate string joins using functions such as cosine similarity. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. The FSM stores partial results as the document is parsed sequentially in document order. Thus  , treating a Web repository as an application of a text retrieval system will support the " document collection " view. in conjunction with query languages that enable keyword querying  , pattern matching e.g. , regular expressions  , substrings  , and structural queries 2. The set of common attributes is preconfigured as domain knowledge  , which is used in attribute matching as well. Therefore  , by incorporating this pattern in the grammar  , the same form extractor automatically recognizes such exclusive attributes. A large body of work in combinatorial pattern matching deals with problems of approximate retrieval of strings 2  , 11. 16 study how to estimate selectivity of fuzzy string predicates. We designed our method for databases and files where records are stored once and searched many times. We describe a novel string pattern matching principle  , called n-gram search  , first proposed in preliminary form in 10. In the general computer science literature  , pattern matching is among the fundamental problems with many prominent contributions 4 . 15 propose a different method that trades search capability for much less security. They are sorted according to question type and can handle more anchor terms. However  , datadriven techniques Section 5 offer additional protection from false or extraneous matches by lowering the importance ranking of information not corroborated elsewhere in the data. From all these images  , the software mentioned above detected matching points on the calibration pattern for each pan and tilt configuration. Stereo images at different pan and tilt angles were captured. Most current models of the emotion generation or formation are focused on the cognitive aspects. The one extracts a cognitive image aimed at pattern matching  , and the other creates a perceptual imagelO  , 111. Systems like EP-SPARQL 4 define pattern matching queries through a set of primitive operators e.g. the context of SFP  , the query model is a discriminating property between systems. Thus question answering cannot be reduced to mere pattern matching  , but requires firstorder theorem proving. Though the proposed annotations have a simple structure  , background knowledge is complex  , and in general involves quantification  , negation  , and disjunction. Further  , research methods and contextual relations are identified using a list of identified indicator phrases. In information extraction  , important concepts are extracted from specific sections and their relationships are extracted using pattern matching. More like real life.. pattern matching using the colours can be used for quicker reference. " Many positive comments were made about the opportunity of using colour to discriminate between tabs  , e.g. " In parallel  , semantic similarity measures have been developed in the field of information retrieval  , e.g. In the fields of image recognition and general pattern matching  , geometric similarity measures have been a topic of study for many years 9. First  , the new documents are parsed to extract information matching the access pattern of the refined path. Adding new documents to the refined path index is accomplished in two steps. We compared the labels sizes of four labeling schemes in Table 2. As we will show in our experiments  , it is worth using this additional space-overhead  , since it significantly improves the performance of XML twig pattern matching. Finally  , K query partitions are created by assigning the queries in the i th bucket of any pattern to query partition i. If the query involves multiple patterns  , it is randomly assigned to one of the matching buckets. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 To accomplish creation of inventory on future patterns   , a trigger as implemented in DBAL is defined . It entails a match step to find all rules with a context pattern matching the current context. Selection rules allow a straight-forward and efficient implementation of recommender selection. Building on the suffix array   , it also incorporates ideas embedded in the Burrows-Wheeler transform. The FM-INDEX  , introduced by Ferragina and Manzini 6  , is a data structure used for pattern matching. The idea is to use that view to model pat t em-mat thing queries  , which we impose to have flat structure. Given an external concept  , we perform a pattern matching on the thesaurus  , made of the following operations : a-1 inclusion step : We look for a thesaurus item i.e a clique which includes the given group. a The transformation step :. The resulting fingerprint for Sildenafil is 1100. Therefore  , it is effective in giving the number n of unmatched characters permitted on pattern matching. Generally  , it is useful to deal mechanically with a misspelling  , an inflection and the different representation such as 'three body' and 'three-body'. Thus  , the larger the text collection is  , the greater the probability that simple pattern matching techniques will yield the correct answer. Naturally  , this simple technique depends crucially on the corpus having an answer formulated in a specific way. A considerable number of NEs of person  , organization and location appear in texts with no obvious surface patterns to be captured. We used pattern matching to extract and normalize this information. Some of the demographic information  , such as gender  , age  , and specific conditions  , such as patients weight  , were only mentioned in the text. We have plans on generating classifiers for slot value extraction purposes. Furthermore  , on extracting slot values  , pattern matching might not be the best options but definitely can produce some good results at hand. This automatic slot filling system contains three steps. For the Streaming Slot Filling task  , our system achieved the goal of filling slots by employing a pattern learning and matching method. In evaluations  , we only vary the definition pattern matching module while holding constant all other components and their parameters. In our experiments  , the base definition generation system used is the system discussed in Section 2 and illustrated in Figure 1. Additionally  , ultrasonic diagnosis images were obtained for which pattern matching was performed to measure the virtual target position. At the time  , both the force acting on the needle and the displacement of the needle were measured. Normally  , the For the detection of the same object rotated around the z-axis of the image plane  , the template has to be rotated and searched from scratch. Detection time with angle increment 6 5 5 varies between 2-4 seconds. Pattern Matching In our case  , a highly optimized routine of the MATROX library 19  was employed using hierarchical search. In other words  , the object features used for pattern matching refer to the latter distribution. For a particular object template  , they consist of a representation of the distribution of the object's color histogram. We emphasize that nothing is encoded about how t o construct a successor node from a given node. Our stereo-vision system has been designed specifically for QRIO. If there are other peaks with similar matching scores then the disparity computation is ambiguous repeating pattern and the reliability is set to a low value. Each sign is recognized by matching the operator's finger positions to the corresponding pattern acquired during calibration. The operator communicates to the robot via four hand signs: point  , preshape  , halt  , and estop emergency stop. Each of the 41 QA track runs ~ ,vas re-scored using the pattern matching judgments. In addition  , assessors accepted various model numbers such as Peugeot 405s  , 309s  , 106s  , 504s  , 505s  , 205s  , and 306s. However they are quite often used probably  , unconsciously! The main challenge here has been that two sequences are almost never identical. The testing system of improved pre-decode pattern matching circuit is described in Figure 7. . The experiment environment is Xilinx Virtex4 xc4vlx200 which is synthesis by Synplify and is implemented by ISE. which the other components on this level rely. Typical examples of parameter estimators are pattern matching with video cameras; collision prediction; detection of task switching conditions; identification of dynamic parameters of the load of the system; etc. Each size of the model of quadrangle  , each location of the pattern matching model  , and the location of the center of iris are established. Fig.5shows an example of model location setting on the basis of the inputted eye image. An online pattern matching mechanism comparing the sensor stream to the entire library of already known contexts is  , however  , computational complex and not yet suitable for today's wearable devices. Therefore  , an ongoing monitoring of the sensor stream is needed. In general  , introducing uncertainty into pattern discovery in temporal event sequences will risk for the computational complexity problem. However  , within an uncertain interval   , the computational complexity for matching increases. The time points are identified for the best matching of the segments with pattern templates. Moreover  , the time points identified using different dlen are independent comparing Fig.l7a with Fig.17@ and Fig.lBa with Fig.l8@. Second  , we allow for some degree of tolerance when we try to establish a matching between the vertex-coordinates of the pattern and its supporting transaction. some of which are shown in Figure 2b. Entity annotation systems  , datasets and configurations like experiment type  , matching or measure are implemented as controller interfaces easily pluggable to the core controller. GERBIL abides by a service-oriented architecture driven by the model-view-controller pattern see Figure 1. Whenever a context change is detected  , the change is immediately examined to decide its influence on pat. In contrast  , each pattern  , say pat  , maintains a matching queue to store the last matched context instances i.e. , pat. words are mapped to their base forms thus completely solving the problem with the generation of plural forms. Unlike the approach presented in this paper  , PORE does not incorporate world knowledge  , which would be necessary for ontology building and extension. PORE is a holistic pattern matching approach  , which has been implemented for relation-instance extraction from Wikipedia. Most approaches applicable to our problem formulation use some form of pattern matching to identify definition sentences. The learned soft patterns are used to judge whether sentences are definitional. In a similar fashion  , it keeps track of the provenance of all entities being retrieved in the projections getEntity. For each molecule inspected  , our system keeps track of the provenance of any triple matching the current pattern being handled checkIfTripleExists. Similar to most existing approaches  , our information extractor can only be applied to web pages with uniform format. □ When matching a URL with a pattern there are three outcomes: These techniques have also been used to extend WordNet by Wikipedia individuals 21 . These approaches use information extraction technologies that include pattern matching  , natural-language parsing  , and statistical learning 25  , 9  , 4  , 1  , 23  , 20  , 8 . Multi-level grouping can be efficiently supported in V ERT G . After that  , in the second phase we use the table indices on values  , together with the result from pattern matching  , to perform grouping and compute aggregate functions. Details can be found in 26. From a matching logic perspective  , unlike in other program verification logics  , program variables like root are not logical variables; they are simple syntactic constants. Variables like  ?root are existentially quantified over the pattern  , while E  , T  , H  , C are free. The system scaffolds the creation of a transformation by automatically generating initial patterns from a textual selection in source code. The authors of the data set  , Zimmermann et al. All experiments reported in this section are conducted in a Sun Linux cluster with 20 nodes running CentOS 5  , x86_64 edition. Breakpoint preparation asks GDB to set a number of breakpoints on lines which could possibly correspond to events requested by a fget. If a token is found in a database  , this information is added to token feature. Our approach combines a number of complementary technologies  , including information retrieval and various linguistic and extraction tools e.g. , parsing  , proposition recognition  , pattern matching and relation extraction for analyzing text. In TREC 2003 QA  , we focused on definitional questions. The weight of the matched sub-tree of a pattern is defined by the formula: For the evaluation of the importance of partially matching sub-trees we use a scoring scheme defined in Kouylekov and Tanev  , 2004. We describe herein a Web based pattern mining and matching approach to question answering. The power of textual patterns for question answering looks quite amazing and stimulating to us. The system overview is shown in Fig.2. In the data set  , we are given 4 months of data October 2011 -February 2012 as training data. The traditional method employed by PowerAnswer to extract nuggets is to execute a definition pattern matching module. For this reason we used the semantic classifications generated by our named entity recognizer to discover such relations when looking for relevant passages. Third  , further work needs to be done for answering Other questions for events. For either representation  , we first drop unnecessary punctuation marks and phrases such as " socalled " or " approximately " . This subsection gives an overview of the basic ideas and describes recent enhancements to improve the recall of answer extraction. In 1   , we discussed our pattern matching approach in detail. Graph matching has been a research focus for decades 2  , especially in pattern recognition  , where the wealth of literature cannot be exhausted. In order to tackle graph containment search  , a new methodology is needed. Yet usually  , there are many possible ways to syntactically express one piece of semantic information making a na¨ıvena¨ıve syntactic " pattern matching " approach problematic at best. This would be less expensive than the semantic approach. Since they end with the word died  , we use pattern matching to remove them from the historic events. The dates of death serve as a baseline since they are likely represented by a single sentence in Wikipedia. Automatic music summarization approaches can be classified into machine learning based approaches 1 ,2 ,3 and pattern matching based approaches 4 ,5 ,6. Automatic music summarization and video summarization have attracted research activity in the past few years. An interesting goal of an intelligent IRS may be to retrieve information which can be deduced from the basic knowledoe given by the thesaurus. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : Further difficulties result from the occurrence of grammatical and spelling errors  , which are very common in unpublished communications 11. We take both patterns and test instances as sequences of lexical and syntactic tokens. When conducted on free texts  , an IE system can also suffer from various unseen instances not being matched by trained patterns. Here  , " Architecture " is an expression of the pattern-matching sublanguage. A book has an introduction  , a number of chapters  , a bibliography and chapter parent title same " Architecture "   , is the set of all chapters of all books titled " Architecture " . Other words in the question might be represented in the question by a synonym which will not be found by simple pattern matching. Proper nouns from the question are going to be represented in any paragraph containing a possible answer. We have shown that a mixed algebra and type model can be used to perform algebraic specification and optimization of scientific computations. Com* * Work partially funded by the EGov IST Project and by the Wisdom project  , http://wisdom.lip6.fr. Using it for pattern matching promises much higher efficiency than using the original record. The information contained in a single character in the CAS encoding includes information about all preceeding characters in the string. This is the biggest challenge of rewriting XSLT into XQuery. The main difference is however  , that XSLT templates are activated as a result of dynamic pattern matching while XQuery functions are invoked explicitly. The rules with the highest weights then indicate the recommenders to be applied. The third interaction module that we implemented is a rhythmic phrase-matching improvisation module. Arm i plays a phrase based on a probabilistic striking pattern  , which can be described as a vector of probabilities Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. A similar landmark is used in 7  , two concentric circles that produce in the sensor image an elliptical edge. This ensures that there is no simple pattern  , such as the query always precisely matching the title of the page in question. In other cases words were added or omitted. Although we endeavored to keep queries short  , we did not sacrifice preciseness to do so. At the end of this phase  , the logical database subset has been produced. This means that all data has to be imported and converted once  , making it less suitable for Web views. Modifying these lists is an easy task and was successfully carried out by non-expert users. In the Collocation matching activity  , students compete in pairs to match parts of a collocation pattern. LLDL is particularly useful for learning collocations because it contains a large amount of genuine text and provides useful search facilities. Listing 1 shows an example query. XSPARQL extends XQuery by two additional grammar expressions: the SparqlForClause to use SPARQL's graph pattern matching facility including operators  , and the ConstructClause to allow straightforward creation of RDF graphs. Then the position data are transmitted to each the satellite. The CCD camera installed over the flat floor detmnines the positions of the satellites by the pattern matching to markers drown on the satellites. For assessing pattern validity  , we use a simple measure based on the relative frequency of matching contexts in the context set. More specialized patterns have lower thresholds  , but are only induced if the induction of more general patterns fails. The procedure of creating start-point list is illustrated in Fig. Since the malicious part is encrypted  , the behavior of the active virus cannot be determined by program code checking. Others 51  , 32 can automatically infer rules by mining existing software; they raise warnings if violations of the rules occur. Most of the pattern-matching tools 10  , 14  , 13  , 9 require users to specify the buggy templates. Figure 2illustrates two patterns: 1 somebody enters Classroom 2464; 2 somebody is staying in some place.  We propose two optimizations based on semantic information like object and property  , which can further enhance the query performance. V ERT G inherits all the advantages of VERT  , including the efficiency in matching complex query pattern. Thus at the end of initialization  , each tp-node has a BitMat associated with it which contains only the triples matching that triple pattern. Note that all these operations are done directly on the compressed BitMats. In general we observed that a small but specific set of attributes are sufficient indicators of a navigational page. Note that we use rounded rectangles to depict extraction steps and hexagons to depict pattern matching steps. While Prolog is based on unification and backtracking  , B is based on a simple but powerful pattern-matching mechanism whose application is guided by tactics. 111 that sense  , it has a similar philosophy as a Prolog interpreter. The scope of these free variables is restricted to the rule where they appear just like for Prolog clauses. In this first rule  , X and Y are used as free variables for the pattern matching. For example  , one instrumentation rule states " Measure the response time of all calls to JDBC " . Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed. First  , we plan to support additional features such as ordering and aggregation in result customization. Leading data structures utilized for this purpose are suffix trees 11 and suffix arrays 2. For brevity  , we have omitted most of the components used to support keyword queries. For example  , Figure 1shows an example query plan for a path query in which some constraints involve standard graph pattern matching. For example  , suppose an input text contains 20 desired data records  , and a maximal repeat that occurs 25 times enumerates 18 of them. The matching percentage is used because the pattern may contain only a portion of the data record. In our work  , a rule-based approach using string pattern matching is applied to generate a set of features. Advanced features can be inferred using rulebased approaches or machine-learning approaches. 5  employed a simple method which defines several manuallyconstructed definition patterns to extract definition phrases. Using standard negation as failure here as in 4  , would let the bound negation succeed. For example  , the extended VarTrees and TagTrees of example Q1 and Q2 are depicted in Figure 6respectively. In reporting on KMS for TREC 2004  , we described in detail the major types of functions employed: XML  , linguistic  , dictionary  , summarization  , and miscellaneous string and pattern matching. This method only obtained 9 additional answers in TREC 2005. They are sorted according to question types and can handle more anchor terms. A list of over 150 positive and negative precomputed patterns is loaded into memory. The composition of the patterns  , the testing methodology  , and the results  , are detailed in Fernandes  , 2004. Examples of sentences from the corpus matching each pattern are shown in Figure 5  , with emphasis on targets from this year's competition . It does not have natural language understanding capabilities  , but employs simple pattern matching and statistics. Our QA system is constructed using methods of classical IR  , enhanced with simple heuristics. The idea of partial pattern matching is based on the assumption that the answer is usually surrounded by keywords and their synonyms. , " When was the first camera invented "   , etc. Geometric hashing 14 has been proposed aa a technique for fast indexing. Efficient indexing based matching of two and three dimensional 2D/3D models to their views in images has been addressed in computer vision and pattern recognition. So the translation between these constructs is straightforward. The strategy of the pattern-matching can be ruled by an action planner able to dynamically define partial goals to reach. -Application step : It consists in the execution of an elementary operation item substitution  , item comparison  , .. An extension of the cascade of Figure 19.6 in two dimensions with k cascades can be used to do pattern matching operations with respect to k distinct patterns. The system tries to infer new knowledge right after the publication operation. This principle will be applied decoupling the functional properties from the non functional properties matching. In the broker design  , we intent to create a discovery pattern that will be based on the well-known principle of the " separation of concerns " . The other extracts the structure in some way from the text parsing  , recognizing markup  , etc. One of them indexes the text to answer text pattern-matching queries this indexing is performed by the text engine. We conduct a series of extrinsic experiments using the two soft pattern models on TREC definitional QA task test data. In addition to our theoretical work  , we also assess the performance of the formal soft matching models by empirical evaluation. Definition pattern matching is the most important feature used for identifying definitions. Systems fielded at TREC rank definition sentences using two sets of features: definition patterns and bagof-words pertinent to the target. Providing formal models for modeling contextual lexico-syntactic patterns is the main contribution of this work. The models can help IE systems overcome difficulties caused by language variations in pattern matching. With the help of appropriate hardware  , it is easy to fast realize. We assume that the occurrence of significant patterns in nonchronological order is more likely to arise as a local phenomenon than a global one. In this work  , a significant pattern is obtained from the matching of a pair of sequences. The grep program searches one or more input files for lines containing a match to a specified pattern  , and prints out matching lines. We choose grep-2.2 as the subject program in this study. We can therefore define the notion of a strand  , which is a set of substrings that share one same matching pattern. For each substring  , the bounding boxes indicate the parts that match exactly with S 2 . In the tradeoff between space and time  , most existing graph matching approaches assume static data graphs and hence prefer to pre-compute the transitive closure or build variablelength path indexes to trade space for efficient pattern matching. This is known as the transitive closure of a graph. For instantiation   , we exploit an index as well as a pattern library that links properties with natural language predicates. In a next step  , c has to be instantiated by a matching class  , in the case of using DBpedia onto:Film  , and p has to be instantiated with a matching property  , in this case onto:producer. A data record is said to be enumerated by a maximal repeat if the matching percentage is greater than a bound determined by the user. Pattern inflexibility: Whether using corpus-based learning techniques or manually creating patterns  , to our knowledge all previous systems create hard-coded rules that require strict matching i.e. , matching slot by slot. These approaches have two shortcomings that we have identified and address in this work: 1. Although such hard patterns are widely used in information extraction 10  , we feel that definition sentences display more variation and syntactic flexibility that may not be captured by hard patterns. In addition to surface text pattern matching  , we also adopt N-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. The answer patterns used in ILQUA are automatically summarized by a supervised learning system and represented in form of regular expressions which contain multiple question terms. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate passages and a list of named entities are extracted as answer candidate. The input sources include data from lexico-syntactical pattern matching  , head matching and subsumption heuristics applied to domain text. This method converts evidence into first order logic features  , and then uses standard classifiers supervised machine learning on the integrated data to find good combinations of input sources. Afterwards  , the location of eye can be measured by detecting a agreement part with the paltern matching model in the eye image input. At first  , the pattern matching model is memorized on the basis of eye image which was captured previously. In this paper  , we have proposed  , designed and implemented a pattern matching NIDS based on CIDF architecture and mature intrusion detection technology  , and presented the detailed scheme and frame structure. It speeds up the matching and significantly increases the detection speed of IDS. In a first pilot study 71  , we determined whether the tasks have suitable difficulty and length. The syntax errors we introduced can be located without understanding the execution of the program; they merely require some kind of pattern matching. The relationship between context instances and patterns is called the matching relation  , which is mathematically represented by the belong-to set operator . Intuitively  , each pattern categorizes a set of context instances. Wang et al 41 have presented an approach called Positive-Only Relation Extraction PORE. With that improvement one can still write filenames such as *.txt. We first have to introduce an additional XPath function Named match to allow Unix filename pattern matching within XPath. The matching problem is then defined as verifying whether GS is embedded in GP or isomorphic to one or more subgraphs of GP . We denote GP as the publication graph and GS as the subscription graph pattern. All the possible axes were permitted except ancestor  , ancestor-self  , following and preceding. In the following section  , we will describe two techniques that we have introduced to minimize the number of these instructions. We simply take their common prefixes as patterns since different parameters are usually at the end of URLs. One class of approaches focuses on extracting knowledge structures automatically from text corpora. In order to define these two functions we need the statistics defined in Table 1 . Consequently   , for i ≥ 1  , we estimate the cost of matching a pattern as: costpi = f rontierpi−1 × explorepi. It is less restrictive than subgraph isomorphism  , and can be determined in quadratic time 16. To reduce the complexity and capture the need of novel applications  , graph simulation 16 has been adopted for pattern matching 5  , 13. // " -axis query and documents with recursively appearing tags  , file scan is neither efficient  , nor effective to return correct answers. For example  , we use the POS tag sequence between the entity pairs as a candidate extraction pattern. Our extraction patterns are based on both the general POS tags and the strict keyword matching. KIM has a rule-based  , human-engineered IE system  , which uses the ontology structure during pattern matching and instance disambiguation. For new previously unknown entities  , new instances are added to the semantic repository. In order to express extractions of parts of the messages a pattern matching approach is chosen. The conditional equations use the binary function equala  , b which is a predefined expression of TPTP syntax and represents the equality relation. 2 Specification based on set-theoretic notations. So we can retrieve related information by pattern matching using a subspace as a unit actually with some generic information in knowledge structure which contains more information than a predicate in logical formulas. Seven propositions  , or " patterns " in were found. A pattern matching technique was used  , in which several pieces of information from one or more cases are related to a theoretical proposition. In typical document search  , it is also commonly used– e.g. , a user can put " " around keywords to specify matching these keywords as a phrase. On the one hand  , such pattern restriction is not unique in entity search. Our FiST system matches twig patterns holistically using the idea of encoding XML documents and twig patterns into Prüfer sequences 17. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. Since the automata model was originally designed for matching patterns over strings  , it is a natural paradigm for structural pattern retrieval on XML token streams 7  , 8  , 4. State-of-the-Art. Then  , this information is encoded as an Index Fabric key and inserted into the index. Users can request creation of a track by giving patterns for instrument names. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 The algebraic properties of AS allow us to quickly calculate the AS of an n-gram from the CAS encoded record. To achieve this goal we should re-formulate queries avoiding " redundant " conditions. The efficiency of the matching operation greatly depends on the size of the pattern 8  , so it is crucial to have queries of minimum size. This allows us to detect if the equation contains certain types of common algebraic structures . Here  , pattern matching can be considered probabilistic generation of test sequences based on training sequences. Previously  , a list of over 200 positive and negative pre-computed patterns was loaded into memory. We rely on hand-crafted pattern-matching rules to identify the main headings  , in order to build different indices and allow for field-based search. The documents contain different sections  , with their corresponding headings. To identify the target of a question  , pattern matching is applied to assign one of the 18 categories to the question. The two missing categories what:X and unknown will shortly be dis- cussed. We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. This clearly illustrates the strength of our approach in handling noisy data. First  , we used the data extracted from DBpedia consisting of the 52 numeric & textual data properties of the City class to test our proposed overall approach SemanticTyper. We present the maximum MRR achieved by the approaches in each domain in Table 1we observe it occurs when training on all labelled data sources apart from the test source. It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. Our approach called SemanticTyper is significantly different from approaches in past work in that we attempt to capture the distribution and hence characteristic properties of the data corresponding to a semantic label as a whole rather than extracting features from individual data values.