The first and simplest level is trying RaPiD7 out according to the general idea of RaPiD7. Three different levels of achievement can be perceived in implementing RaPiD7. Typically  , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7  , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. Negative experiences in using RaPiD7 exist  , too. Furthermore  , JAD sessions are always somewhat formal  , whereas RaPiD7 sessions vary in formality depending on the case. The goal in RaPiD7 is to benefit the whole project by creating as many of the documents as possible using RaPiD7. Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist  , too. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: However  , RaPiD7 is not focusing on certain artifacts or phases of software development  , and actually does not state which kind of documents or artifacts could be produced using the method  , but leaves this to the practitioner of the method. The obvious similarity with RaPiD7 is the idea of having well structured meetings in RaPiD7 called workshops in order to work out system details. JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. Different JAD sessions are not said to be alike 6  , and while this is true for RaPiD7 too  , the way RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions are planned is different. An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents  , 7 steps. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in figure 1. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. After all  , if projects are planned according to RaPiD7 methodology there will be a number of workshops to participate in. In the following  , two approaches  , namely JAD and Agile modeling  , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. Furthermore  , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways  , the differences are evident. This can be perceived from results already. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is  , however  , significant. On the other hand  , formal RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions can be quite alike. This is probably why more efforts are put into the preparation work when using JAD  , and why with JAD the typical " from preparation to a finished document -time " is longer than with RaPiD7. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. In addition  , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. Joint application development JAD is a requirements-definition and user-interface design methodology according to Steve McConnell 4. Although it might be difficult to get people to change their ways of doing everyday work  , typically the teams trying out RaPiD7 for some time would not give up using it. On the other hand  , it is apparent that to fully benefit from RaPiD7 training is required  , too. In JAD  , the general idea is to have a workshop or a set of workshops rather than having unlimited number of workshops throughout the project. This means in practice that a person uses approximately a day to finalize the work. Specifically  , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. Without the users the method would merely be a theory. The idea behind the method is relatively simple  , but the effective use of it is not. The people who would traditionally participate the inspections are the people who will participate the RaPiD7 workshops  , too. Typically  , authoring a document takes less than a week in calendar time. The last and final level is to utilize RaPiD7 in a full-scale software project  , and plan the documentation authoring in projects by scheduling consecutive workshops. To enable this some training is typically needed. On the other hand  , there is a clear and valid reason for the aforementioned hesitancy for the applicability of agile modeling. RaPiD7 has been developed and used in Nokia  , which can be referred to as being a large telecommunications company. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. Without the efforts of these users we would not have such good results nor would we have RaPiD7 as an institutionalized way of working. The cases differ by the time required  , the people participating the workshops and the techniques used in the workshops. The way RaPiD7 is applied varies significantly depending on the case. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski  , Oula Heikkinen  , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. The workshops are well prepared  , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. Simply put  , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. Differences are related to the goals of the methods and the scope of using the methods in software development projects. Hundreds of people have been involved in making RaPiD7 as a working practice in Nokia. Finally  , I would like to thank Tuomas Lamminpää  , Kai Koskimies and Ilkka Haikala for giving solid contribution by reviewing this paper several times. However  , it suits best for documents that are not product-like in nature. By using RaPiD7 method  , the following benefits are expected to realize:  Artifacts and specifications will be produced in a relatively short time from couple of days to one week  Inspecting the documents will not be typically needed after the document has been authored in a workshop  Communication in projects will be easier and more effective  People can work more flexibly in teams as they all share the same information  The overall quality of artifacts and specifications will be improved  No re-work is needed and hence time is saved  Schedules for workshops in projects are known early enough to plan traveling efficiently  , and thus costs can be reduced 3URFHHGLQJVVRIIWKHWKK ,QWHUQDWLRQDO&RQIHUHQFHHRQ6RIWZDUHHQJLQHHULQJJ ,&6 ¶  , Workshop n. Finished Figure 2  , Creating a document using RaPiD7 RaPiD7 method can be applied for authoring nearly all types of documents. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. Therefore  , the key issue seems to be getting the teams to try out RaPiD7 long enough to see the benefits realizing. These results indicate that higher use rate will give better results in terms of improved communication  , authoring efficiency and defect rate reduction. Furthermore  , I would like to thank the pilot users and teams in Nokia  , especially I would like to thank Stephan Irrgang  , Roland Meyer  , Thomas Wirtz  , Juha Yli-Olli and Miia Forssell. In addition  , agile modeling does not provide ways to plan the modeling sessions in your software projects whereas in JAD and RaPiD7 the planning is seen crucial for success. Even if you could hire only " good developers "   , as Ambler suggests for effective formation of an agile modeling team  , in a large company these good developers will still have different backgrounds and knowledge base. The first workshops  , when trying to find out the right approach for a specific document type  , are the most difficult ones. It is no surprise that these different methods provide and promote similar kind of techniques for effective documentation work. The results from the initial workshops were encouraging and the method was taken into use in several other teams  , too. It is also important to make sure that people participate the workshops only as long as their input is needed  , in order to minimize the idle time of participants. This usually requires approximately two to three days of work for the first workshop  , and a few hours for the following workshops. On the other hand  , agile modeling provides a number of pragmatic ideas how to perform agile modeling sessions to produce certain kind of models. However  , agile modeling does not provide a cookbook type of approach for authoring documents  , as RaPiD7 does. Semantic relevance. Definition 1. Once the semantic relevance values were calculated  , the pictograms were ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the major category. In the three semantic relevance approaches 4  , 5  , and 6  , a cutoff value of 0.5 was used. Using the semantic relevance measure  , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. 1. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero  , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. Based on this prediction  , we propose a semantic relevance calculation on categorized interpretations. The returned set was therefore compared to their query in that light  , their semantic relevance. As such they had to construct a strong notion of the form and content of a relevant image  , which one might call their semantic relevance. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. We used two kinds semantic score to evaluate the relevance between tweets and profiles as follow  ,  The semantic score c i is recorded simultaneously . A pure relevance-based based model finds relevance by using semantic information. We tested two such scores for region combination pti  , oti  , viz. Semantic errors were reported to developers who quickly confirmed their relevance and took actions to correct them. Investigation of Moodle's access control model revealed 31 semantic smells and 2 semantic errors  , distributed in 3 categories. For example  , if the query is " night "   , relevant pictograms are first selected using the highest semantic relevance value in each pictogram  , and once candidate pictograms are selected  , the pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category  , which in this case is the TIME category. Once the relevant pictograms are selected  , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. Based on the performance values listed in Table 3  , we see that a the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach performs better than the rest in terms of recall 0.70472 and F 1 measure 0.73757; b the semantic relevance approach in general performs much better than the simple query string match approach; and that c the categorized approach in general performs much better than the not-categorized approach. A cutoff value of 0.5 was used for the three semantic relevance approaches. Simple Semantic Association queries between two entities result in hundreds of results and understanding the relevance of these associations requires comparable intellectual effort to understanding the relevance of a document in response to keyword queries. For example  , in our current semantic test-bed developed for open access and use by the Semantic Web research community  , SWETO 3 Semantic Web Technology Evaluation Ontology detailed in 2  , there are over 800 ,000 entities and 1.5 million explicit relationships among them. This is difficult and expensive . In traditional approaches users provide manual assessments of relevance  , or semantic similarity. For each procedure  , we enumerate a finite set of significant subgraphs; that is  , we enumerate subgraphs that hold semantic relevance and are likely to be good semantic clone candidates . 2. Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design  , and they do not have single  , clear semantics. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized  , 2 categorized  , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared  , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. In our example  , the Semantic GrowBag uses statistical information to compute higher order co-occurrences of keywords. Another possibility to measure the relevance of the covered terms may be reflected by using independent semantic techniques. Unlike semantic score features and semantic expansion features which are query-biased  , document quality features are tended to estimate the quality of a tweet. A short time difference usually indicates the highly temporal relevance between the tweet and the query. The final step mimics user evaluation of the results  , based on his/her knowledge. Finally  , we evaluate the relevance of identified semantic sets to a given query and rank the members of semantic sets accordingly. Images of the candidate pictograms that contain query as interpretation word are listed at the bottom five rows of Table 4. Our method outperforms the three baselines  , including method only consider PMI  , surface coverage or semantic similarity Table 2: Relevance precision compared with baselines. We use |C1|/|C| to calculate the precision  , |C1+C2+C3|/|C| to evaluate the relevance precision. Each book  , for example  , may take a considerable time to review  , particularly when collecting passage level relevance assessments. Digital items of this type represent cohesive semantic units that may be substantial in size  , requiring extensive effort to assess for relevance. This corresponds to the user inspection of the retrieved documents. In such a system   , users can query with a boolean combination of tags and other keywords  , and obtain resources ranked by relevance to users' interests. Based on these semantic annotations  , an intelligent semantic search system can be implemented. Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . In this section  , we discuss to combine multi-domain relevance for tag recommendation MRR. Different from traditional training procedure  , these " weak " learners are trained based on cross domain relevance of the semantic targets. Befi q captures relevance because it is based on all propositions defining the semantic content of the object o  , that imply the query formula. Also  , the greater their number  , the higher the relevance. It is designed to be used with formal query method and does not incorporate IR relevance measurements. 25 discussed a ranking method for the Semantic Web that calculates the result relevance on the proof tree of a formal query. This ensures that our dataset enables measuring recall and all of the query-document matches  , even non-trivial  , are present. The relevance assessments are determined manually for the whole dataset  , unlike in some other datasets proposed for semantic search evaluation  , such as the Semantic Search Workshop data 9   , where the relevance assessments were determined by assessing relevance for documents pooled form 100 top results from each of the participating systems  , queries were very short  , and in text format. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. Whilst classic relevance ratings have viewed relevance in purely semantic terms  , it would appear that in practice users adjust their relevance judgements when considering other factors. While sorting by relevance can be useful   , clearly the sequence of components in documents is typically based on something more meaningful. Semantic Sequencing. The presented results are preliminary. XSEarch returns semantically related fragments  , ranked by estimated relevance. The main contribution of this paper is in laying the foundations for a semantic search engine over XML documents. semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. The SemSets method 7 proposed for entity list search utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories i.e. We detail our semantic modeling approach in In Section 3  , we review conventional IR methods in order to display the basic underlying concepts of determining text relevance. The inferences are exclusive and involve different meanings . To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. Thus  , specific terms are useful to describe the relevance feature of a topic. Specific terms contain more semantic meanings and distinguish a topic from others. We explore tag-tag semantic relevance in a tag-specific manner. Denote I as an image dataset with n images  , and T as tag vocabulary with m tags. A screenshot of web-based pictogram retrieval system prototype which uses the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach with a 0.5 cutoff value. syntactic and semantic information . An obvious method in question answering QA for assessing the relevance of candidate answer sentences is by considering their underlying event structures  , i.e. Of course  , high temporal correlation does not guarantee semantic relevance. Therefore  , in TempCorr terms are ranked based on the level of correlation to the target time-series. are in fact simple examples demonstrating the use of the system-under-test. Incorporating this additional semantic fact could have helped to improve the relevance of retrieved results. Figure 4shows an example. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. A total of 399 words returned the same results for all four approaches. Each value is the mean performance value of 163 retrieval tasks performed 9 . Each of the 6 NASA TLX semantic differentials was compared across document size and document relevance level. For mental demand the differences were found to be significant  L in the Vector Space Model  , whose relevance to some documents have been manually labeled. For a given Latent Semantic Space The pictograms listed here are the relevant pictogram set of the given word; 3 QUERY MATCH RATIO > 0.5 lists all pictograms having the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 4 SR WITHOUT CATEGORY uses not-categorized interpretations to calculate the semantic relevance value; 5 SR WITH CATEGORY & NOT- WEIGHTED uses categorized interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram; 6 SR WITH CATEGORY & WEIGHTED uses categorized and weighted interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. The pictograms are ranked with the most relevant pictogram starting from the left. Gray scale indicates computed relevance with white most relevant. For each language pair  , two different kinds of semantic indexing were used. There are no semantic or pragmatic theories to guide us. These two different interpretations of probability of relevance lead to two different probabilistic models for document retrieval. Users struggled to understand why the returned set lacked semantic relevance. This seemed to help users produce better and more successful sketches. Section 4 presents precision  , recall  , and retrieval examples of four pictogram retrieval approaches. Section 3 describes semantic relevance measure  , and categorization and weighting of interpretation words. For a given Latent Semantic Space In this work we use the Euclidean distance to measure the relevance between a query and a document. We consider various combinations of text and link similarity and discuss how these correlate with semantic similarity and how well they rank pages. Having validated the proposed semantic similarity measure   , in Section 4 we begin to explore the question of applications   , namely how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. Using σ G s as a surrogate for user assessments of semantic similarity  , we can address the general question of how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. Having validated our semantic similarity measure σ G s   , let us now begin to explore its applications to performance evaluation . In this paper we do not address the problem of scalability or efficiency in determining the relevance of the ontologies  , in respect to a query. Hence  , in contrast with AquaLog  , which simply needs to retrieve all semantic resources which are based on a given ontology  , PowerAqua has to automatically identify the relevant semantic markup from a large and heterogeneous semantic web 2 . The weighted version RW weights the semantic clusters based on the aggregate relevance levels of the tweets included in each cluster. The unweighted veriosn of cluster recall RU is defined as the percentage of distinct semantic clusters that are represented in the generated timeline out of the judged semantic clusters. The relevance values attached to each rule then provide  , together with an appropriate calculus of relevance values  , a mechanism for determining the overall relevance of a given document as a function of those patterns which it contains. are themselves further defined in terms of pattern expressions in a text reference language which allows keywords  , positional contexts  , and simple syntactic and semantic notions. The higher relevance ratings for the task that required subjects to locate a previously seen image suggest that users were better able to specify those queries. Thus users clicked on blue and were presented with predominantly blue images  , we believe that this meant that the users were evaluating the relevance of the return more on the colour than the semantic relevance. The proposed measure takes into account the probability and similarity in a set of pictogram interpretation words  , and to enhance retrieval performance   , pictogram interpretations were categorized into five pictogram categories using the Concept Dictionary in EDR Electronic Dictionary. The intuition behind this approach is that proximity in the graph reflects mutual relevance between nodes. It enables Semantic Search to provide richer results as the Semantic Web grows  , but also makes the system more susceptible to spam and irrelevant information.  The distinguishability of keyword: A resource having semantic paths to distinguishable keywords is more relevant than a resource having semantic paths to undistinguishable keywords. The relevance of a resource a is in inverse proportion to the distance from the ideal position 1  , ..  , 1 to the point of a. Topics sustainable tourism and interpolation 1411 and 4882 do not benefit from semantic matching due to a semantic gap: interpolation is associated with the polynomial kind while the relevance assessments focus on stochastic methods. TU The TU benchmark contains both English and Dutch textual evidence. Relevance: On the one hand all of our data is exposed through different formats  , which limits not only their integration and semantic interpretation but also any kind of basic inference across data sources. On the other hand data is exposed through human or device-based sensors  , it is then crucial that real-time semantic conversion can be supported. To calculate precision and recall  , we normalize the semantic distance to a scale from 0 to 1. In our case studies  , we compare each correspondence {x  , y} in A to a correspondence {x  , y } in a reference alignment R. We use the semantic distance between y and y as a relevance measure for the correspondence {x  , y}. To do so  , the model leverages the existing classifier p0y|x  , and create the semantic embedding vector of x as a convex combination of semantic vectors of the most relevant training labels. By projecting images into S  , cross-media relevance can be computed. These quality measures were derived by observing the workflow of a domain expert using the example of but not limited to the field of chemistry. Degree of Category Coverage DCC  , semantic word bandwidth SWD and relevance of covered terms RCT  , for measuring the quality of semantic techniques used for taxonomy / folksonomy creation. We show that the new measure predicts human responses to a much greater accuracy. Using this method we find that 48 ,922 doorway pages in 526 abusive cloud directories utilize traffic spam techniques to manipulate the page relevance. If the keywords have a large semantic gap semantic similarity<0.05  , we determine that the doorway page utilizes traffic spam techniques.  In this paper  , we focus on ranking the results of complex relationship searches on the Semantic Web. The richness of the SemRank relevance model stems from the fact that it uses a blend of semantic and information theoretic techniques along with heuristics to determine the rank of Besides the semantic relevance between the ad and ad landing page  , the ad should be consistent with the style of web page. Conventional contextual advertising primarily matches ads to web pages based on categories or prominent keywords which are regarded as semantic meaning.  The number of meaningful semantic path instances: We regard resources which have many meaningful semantic path instances directed to keywords as more relevant resources. In the novel ranking model proposed in this paper  , the following three relevance criteria are considered. Interestingly  , for the topic law and informatization/computerization 1719 we see that the Dutch translation of law is very closely related. This was not so clear about our application in the relevance part of semantic data – in the form of the lexicon of referential equivalents. Our experiments after the evaluation show there is a value using semantic information in detecting similarity and dissimilarity. Boolean operators and uncertainty operators have to be evaluated in a different way from the evaluation of semantic operators. 7'he relevance of a document takes the maximal value among the correspondence measures evaluated between itk component semantic expressions and the query. In this paper 1 we present a coordination middleware for the Semantic Web and demonstrate its relevance to these vital issues for Semantic Web applications. This includes issues of persistent storage  , efficient reasoning  , data mediation  , scalability  , distribution of data  , fault tolerance and security. Fourth  , we developed a suitable ranking mechanism that takes into account both the degree of the semantic relationship and the relevance of the keywords. Third  , we have combined the notion of semantic relationship with traditional information-retrieval techniques to guarantee that answers are not merely semantically-related fragments  , but actually fragments that are highly relevant to the keywords of the query. Other semantic types that fell under health  , biology and chemistry related topics were given a medium weight. On the other hand semantic types such as  , " disease and syndrome "   , "sign or symptoms"  , "body part" were assigned the highest possible weight  , as they would be very critical is determining the relevance of a biomedical article. We introduce a typical use case in which an intelligent traffic management system must support coordinated access to a knowledge base for a large number of agents. Their approach combines a retrieval model with the methods for spreading activation over the link structure of a knowledge graph and evaluation of membership in semantic sets. The SemSets model 6 utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories semantic sets  , SemSets measured according to structural and textual similarity. In the same way that assessors disagree over relevance judgments see 6 for a nice summary  , humans also disagree about whether two pieces of text have the same semantic content. The second issue—semantic equivalence between atomic information units—is challenging because making such judgments requires taking into account context and fine-grained distinctions in meaning. Finally we have undertaken a massive data mining effort on ODP data in order to begin to explore how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance in agreement with semantic similarity. We have shown that the proposed semantic similarity measure predicts human judgments of relatedness with significantly greater accuracy than the tree-based measure. We argue that considering a latent semantic model's score only is not enough to determine its effectiveness in search  , and all potentially useful information captured by the model should be considered . While the scores produced by latent semantic models have demonstrated a strong correlation with document relevance  , they are just the " tip of the iceberg " in capturing the relation between a query and document. Combinations of latent semantic models. These scoring functions are simple and intuitive  , but we argue that they are not expressive enough to tune latent semantic models for relevance prediction and that they do not use all potentially useful information from the model. Situation-aware applications would additionally require semantic assertions about the user navigation  , interaction logic and associated data model for the purposes of temporal and positional relevance. Information about the author  , title and attribution and preferences  , policies or opinions regarding manipulation of the content by third parties 28  , and transformation rules thereof  , could also be included as semantic hints. In particular  , a definite effect was observed for RTs typically less than for hierarchical traversal. However the results are suggestive of the existence of some semantic distance effect  , with an inverse correlation between semantic distance and relevance assessment  , dependant on position in the subject hierarchy  , direction of term traversal and other factors. In our previous research about digital libraries 1  and large digital book collec- tions 2  we proposed three general metrics  , i.e. Based on these observations  , we proposed three measures namely degree of category coverage DCC  , semantic word bandwidth SWB and relevance of covered terms RCT. Therefore  , our future work will focus on the creation of suitable test corpora and will measure different semantic techniques using manual inspection together with appropriate quality measures. After that it matches the query keywords with the generated service semantic graph keywords to find relevance and propose services to the user. It generates a semantic graph for I/O of WSDL services using a user provided ontology and Wordnet 12 . The semantic match relies on the classification of pages and ads into a 6000 nodes commercial advertising taxonomy to determine their topical distance. In this paper we proposed a novel way of matching advertisements to web pages that rely on a topical semantic match as a major component of the relevance score. The semantic types used in the current system were determined entirely by inspection. However  , the configuration and tuning of the NLP-based passage trimming is complex  , and will require much further work to determine which UMLS semantic types are most informative about sentence relevance for each entity type. In addition  , the usual problems attached to concurrent executions  , like race conditions and deadlocks  , are raised. However  , this probably changes the 'order' in which events are consumed and thus has semantic relevance. We extract the keywords from the META tag of the doorway pages and query their semantic similarity using DISCO API. To measure the keywords relevance to identify traffic spam  , we studied the doorway pages with more than one META keywords. As the length of a semantic path gets longer  , the relevance between the source and the destination decreases. where 0 < α  , β < 1 and I and MI are normalized to be in the same range 0  , 1. In the ARCOMEM project 22 first approaches have been investigated to implement a social and semantic driven selection model for Web and Social Web content. The potential relevance of Tweets for Web archive creation has been explored 26. We offer this description to demonstrate that evidence gleaned from pseudo-queries could have non-temporal applications  , calling the induced model R a document's " semantic profile. " This is similar to building a relevance model for each document 3. After explicit feature mapping 18  , the cosine similarity is used as the relevance score. These video features include motion features e.g. , improved dense trajectory 13  , audio features e.g. , MFCC and visual semantic features 15 . The basic underlying assumption is that the same word form carries the same semantic meaning. Information Retrieval typically measures the relevance of documents to a query based on word similarity. If the same types of dependencies were capture by both syntactic and semantic dependencies  , LCE would be expected to perform about equally as well as relevance models. after query expansion. Thus  , a good CBIR method should consider low-level features as well as intrinsic structure of the data. This phenomenon is extremely important to explore the semantic relevance when the label information is unknown. Thus it has particular relevance for archaeological cross domain research. It encompasses cultural heritage generally and is envisaged as 'semantic glue' mediating between different sources and types of information. In semantic class extraction  , Zhang et al. Though this topic modeling approach is more theoretically motivated  , it does not have the flexibility of adding different features to capture different aspects such as query relevance. In the following section  , five pictogram categories are described  , and characteristics in pictogram interpretation are clarified. We will show that categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach returns better result than not-categorized  , not-weighted approaches. Our method presupposes a set of pictograms having a list of interpretation words and ratios for each pictogram. Here  , we propose a semantic relevance measure which outputs relevancy values of each pictogram when a pictogram interpretation is given. This equation  , however  , does not take into account the similarity of interpretation words. Using the similarity  , we can define the measure of Semantic Relevance or SRw i   , e as follows: Some semantic-relevance images that can not be found under the typical visual bag-of-words model were successfully retrieved. Their experiments demonstrate that the visual phrase-based retrieval approach outperforms the visual word-based approach. Hence  , the key issue of the extension is how to findkreate the relevance among different databases. A challenge in multi-database mining is a semantic heterogeneity among multiple databases because usually no explicit foreign key/link relationships exists among them. Consider for example an interaction logic implemented as JSP bean or Javascript  , etc. If the glb values of the conjunct are already available in the semantic index  , they are directly retrieved. If a conjunct is an IR concept  , the glb values are retrieved from the IR Relevance Assertions . QR  , using a highly tuned semantic engine  , can attain high relevance. The highest P@3 for IFM is clocked at 0.794  , which is comparable to the 0.801 achieved by QR4. Then in 26  semantic relatedness measure is used to pick the meaning that has the highest relevance to the context where the ambiguous term appears. For example  , the article " platform disambiguation " contains 17 meanings of the word " platform " . We assume that the significance of a citation link can be estimated by the relevance of each entity considering the query topic. Marginal citations are detected by semantic links between two homogeneous entities. A version of the corpus is annotated with various linguistic information such as part-of-speech  , morphology  , UMLS semantic classes. The relevance judgments are supplied in a format amenable to TREC evaluation . Future work will look at incorporating document-side dependencies  , as well. Finally  , we reiterated the importance of choosing expansion terms that model relevance  , rather than the relevant documents and showed how LCE captures both syntactic and query-side semantic dependencies. For instance  , a word like " morning " may score high in the category of coffee merely based on its occurrence at similar times as coffee terms. We used sentence as window size to measure relevance of appearing concepts to the topic term. ST represents a semantic type to which the concepts appearing in the topicrelated text snippets belong. Different from LSA and its variants  , our model learns a projection matrix  , which maps the term-vector of a document onto a lower-dimensional semantic space  , using a supervised learning method. The relevance of a query and a document is computed as the cosine similarity between their vectors in the semantic space. It means that those nearby data points  , or points belong to the same cluster or manifold   , are very likely to share the same semantic label. This could be done by assigning weights to Semantic Associations based on the contextual relevance and then validating only those associations with a high relevance weight. A second heuristic is to try to prune the number of paths that need to be validated at the data storage layer. In our approaches  , we propose four semantic features. For example  , using TopicInfo Corpus  , we may get the relevance between the tweet link and user's query while using Origin Corpus  , we can get the content relevance between the query and the tweet text. We introduce an experimental platform based on the data set and topics from the Semantic Search Challenge 9  , 4 . Our second model Entity-centric estimates the relevance of each individual entity within the collection and then aggregates these scores to determine the collection's relevance. We compared the precision of QR implemented on top of three major search engines and saw that relevance can be affected by low recall for long queries; in fact  , precision decays as a function of low recall. Using more than one event queue allows a more concurrent handling of events using multiple threads. First  , we provide a general method for the aggregation of information streams based on the concept of semantic relevance and on a novel asymmetric aggregation function. Summing up  , the innovation of our work can be presented in two aspect. Essentially  , an interface to a bi-directional weakly connected graph that is transparently generated as the programmer works. The adjacent semantic link panel lists links to more content that is of relevance to what is displayed in the content panel. That's why LSSH can improve mAP by 18% at least which also shows the importance to reduce semantic gap between different modals. But the hash codes of images generated by baseline methods still show little relevance to their topics. And a tag-tag visual similarity matrix is formulated by the propagated tag relevance from trustable images in Section 2.2. In Section 2.1  , we study the tag-tag text similarity matrix by Latent Semantic Indexing 1 on tag occurrence. The topics are categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard topic " difficulty "   , semantic/visual topic " visuality "   , and geographic/general 4. The ImageCLEF 2007 collection is a set of 20 ,000 images  , 60 search topics  , and associated relevance judgments. Average distance weight and the co-occurrence ratio are not able to reflect the semantic similarities between a question and a candidate answer. When there is no relevance to each other  , the category vector similarity is low. We identified ambiguities in pictogram interpretation and possible issues involved in the usage of such pictograms in communication. In the Semantic Web community  , crowdsourcing has also been recently considered  , for instance to link 10 or map 21  entities. Crowdsourcing can be used to produce relevance judgements for documents 2  , books 16  , 17  , or entities 5. The basic idea is to produce an accurate ranking function by combining many " weak " learners. We define pictogram categories by appropriating first level categories defined in the Concept Dictionary of EDR Electronic Dictionary6. When the semantic relevance is calculated  , however  , the equation takes into account all the interpretation words including talking or church or play. Pictogram in Table 1could be a candidate since it contains both words with a total ratio of 0.1. Selecting a set of words relevant to the query would reduce the effect of less-relevant interpretation words affecting the calculation. As expected  , the worst method in terms of semantic relevance is the TempCorr method  , which ignores semantics altogether. ContextPMI and the Hybrid method generally achieve better accuracy and their deterioration in quality is slower compared with APMI and TempCorr . Figure 3is similar to Figure 2  , but compare the percent of relevant tweets with the volume of newly discovered content . The results of the rating question on relevance suggested that users believed the returned sets were not always semantically relevant. The Semantic Gap problem was commented upon by the subjects of both studies. However  , the browsing tool simply required users to think about what might be the main colour and then look in that colour square. Kacimi and Gamper propose a different opinion diversification framework for controversial queries 17  , 18 : three criteria are considered for diversification: topical relevance  , semantic diversification  , and sentiment diversification. The SCSF model is a further extension  , presented in Section 3.2.2. It fits naturally the IR framework based on vector space model VSM. The Maximum Entropy approach allows for the use of a large amount of descriptors without the need to specify their relevance for training a specific semantic concept. the probability distribution keeping the uncertainty maximal. After extracting the semantic features  , we need to represent those features in a proper format so that it is convenient to calculate the relevance between tweets and profiles. Tweets and Profiles can be represented by word2vec knowledge base as follow , A query usually provides only a very restricted means to represent the user's intention. We have proposed a method named the Relevance-based Superimposition RS model to solve the semantic ambiguity problem in information retrieval. Recently  , millions of tagged images are available online in social community. In this paper  , to tackle this problem  , we explore the latent semantic relevance among tags from text and visual perspectives. Image tag re-ranking becomes an interesting topic in research community 2 and industry. For instance  , the top 20 retrieved documents have a mean relevance value of 4.2 upon 5  , versus 2.7 in the keyword search. On the other hand  , the relevance graph shows that here the semantic search gives high ranks to the relevant documents. The relevance value of a document with respect to " pimo:Person " is dynamically measured as the aggregated relevance value of that document with respect to all instances of the concept " pimo:Person " in the PIMO ontology. 2  , the x-axis highlights documents relevant to " Semantic Desktop " while the y-axis highlights documents relevant to " pimo:Person " . Specifically  , a sentence consisting of a mentioned location set and a term set is rated in terms of the geographic relevance to location and the semantic relevance to tag   , as   , where Then  , given a representative tag   , we generate its corresponding snippets by ranking all the sentences in the travelogue collection according to the query " " . The content layer is at the bottom  , since the similarity calculated based on low-level features does not have any well-defined mapping with object relevance perceived at semantic level. Structure link is also a strong indicator of the relevance between objects  , but is not as reliable as user links. Therefore  , it is important to locate interesting and meaningful relations and to rank them before presenting them to the user. To prove the applicability of our technique  , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. The method is based on: i a semantic relevance function acting as a kernel to discover the semantic affinities of heterogeneous information items  , and ii an asymmetric vector projection model on which semantic dependency graphs among information items are built and representative elements of these graphs can be selected. The rest of the section elaborates on these measures and how they are used to rank ρ-path associations. Finally  , we allow users to optionally specify some keywords that capture relevance and results which contain semantic matches are ranked highest. However  , it does not carry out semantic annotation of documents  , which is the problem addressed here. It uses the ontology structure to determine the relevance of the candidate instances. The content panel can display various media such as a web browser  , drawing canvas or code editor. These findings suggest that the criteria in the Hybrid method Equation 7 improves both temporal similarity and semantic relevance. Also  , the hybrid method selects fewer terms and stops before the quality deteriorates any further. It uses a non-logic based textual similarity to discover services. Cross-media relevance between an unlabeled image and a test label is computed by cosine similarity between their embedding vectors. Figure 1: Zero-shot image tagging by hierarchical semantic embedding. Theobald and Weikum 24  describe a query language for XML that supports approximate matches with relevance ranking based on ontologies and semantic similarity. The WHIRL system 9  computes ranked results of queries with similarity joins  , but uses an extensional semantics. These cases yield a high precision up to almost maximum recall. Our approach utilizes categorized pictogram interpretations together with the semantic relevance measure to retrieve and rank relevant pictograms for a given interpretation . Related research unifies the browsing by tags and visual features for intuitive exploration of image databases5 . First we create original intent hierarchies OIH by manually grouping the official intents based on their semantic similarity or relatedness. We use the official intents as atomic intents to avoid reassessing relevance of the documents. SAXException is not thrown by any of the resolvable methods in the test scenario; therefore  , the functionality being sought should throw that exception . Regarding the amount of relevance of each term to the each section  , its importance for the document is evaluated. In order to overcome this shortcome  , we propose a novel approach to divide web pages in different semantic sections. It also takes into account the beliefs associated to these propositions; the higher their beliefs  , the higher the relevance. However  , almost all of them ignore one important factor for resource selection  , i.e. , the impact factor of information source itself. Almost all these existing methods are devoted to propose various measures to estimate the relevance score between query and sources and this kind of relevance is very closely related with the semantic content of query and results. An analogous approach has been used in the past to evaluate similarity search  , but relying on only the hierarchical ODP structure as a proxy for semantic similarity 7  , 16. Multimodality is the capability of fusing and presenting heterogeneous data  , such as audio  , video and text  , from multiple information sources  , such as the Internet and TV. In our experiment we manipulated four independent variables: image size small  , medium  , large  , relevance level relevant  , not relevant  , topic difficulty easy  , medium  , difficult  , very difficult and topic visuality visual  , medium  , semantic. All combinations of independent variables were presented  , with each combination of topic 3 visuality x 4 difficulty being presented randomly  , and then for each topic all combinations of image size and relevance level 3 sizes x 2 relevance levels were presented randomly as a block. Latent semantic models based on the latent space matching approach learn vector representations for queries and documents  , such that the distance between a query vector vQ and a document vector vD reflects the degree of relevance of the document D to the query Q. We start with the metafeatures shared by all models of this class and then take a closer look at the Deep Structured Semantic Model 20. There is already a very significant body of work around entailment for the Semantic Web 10  , based on description logics providing an underlying formal semantics for the various flavours of OWL. Both entailment and designation have relevance for the Semantic Web: entailment relating to what can be concluded from what is already known  , and designation relates to establishing the connection between symbols in a formal system and what they represent. One major question concerns the practical applicability of these different matchmakers in general  , not restricted to some given domain-specific and/or very small-sized scenario  , by means of their retrieval performance over a given initial test collection  , SAWSDL-TC1  , that consists of more than 900 SAWSDL services from different application domains. In addition  , it learns the optimal aggregation of these different types of semantic matching to decide on the semantic relevance of a service to a given request. Some insights from measurement theory in Mathematical Psychology were briefly covered to illustrate how inappropriate correspondence between symbol and referent can result in logically valid but meaningless inference. In conclusion  , this paper has put forward some of the hard questions the semantic Web needs to answer  , examined some of the pitfalls that may occur if they are not addressed  , and explained the relevance of the symbol grounding problem for the kinds of semantic interoperability issues commonly encountered. A large number of bytes changed might result from a page creator who restructures the spacing of a page's source encoding while maintaining the same content from a semantic and rhetorical point of view. Unfortunately  , there is not an easily computed metric that provides a direct correlation between syntactic and semantic changes in a Web page For instance  , there is no clear relationship between the number of bytes changed and the relevance of the change to the reader. Hence  , the scatter plot can show  , among others  , documents referring to both the topic " Semantic Desktop " and one or more persons who are of specific interest to the users documents plotted above both axes. To summarize the representative aspects of a destination  , we first generate a few representative tags  , and then identify related snippets for each tag to further describe and interpret the relation between the tag and the destination. Specifically  , a sentence consisting of a mentioned location set and a term set is rated in terms of the geographic relevance to location and the semantic relevance to tag   , as   , where For example  , Arguello et al. , 2009a used Category-based Similarity to rank the resources and Arguello et al. , 2009b build a probabilistic model by combining multiple types of queries with the corresponding search engine types. A serious consequence of such an overly simplified assumption of a document's relevance quality to a given query is that the model's generalization capability is limited: one has to collect a large number of such query-document pairs to obtain a confident estimate of relevance. In most of the existing click models  , we are only aware of which position is clicked  , but the underlying " semantic explanations " for the clicking behavior  , e.g. , clicked content redundancy and click distance  , are completely discarded. For instance  , it was agreed to that a hyponym of campaign  , such as Marlboro Ranch a name of a specific marketing campaign should be considered  , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance  , whereas the non-specific hypernym campaign should not be considered   , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance. In the context of the TREC Interactive Task  , discussions of nuance and specificity centered on the semantic relations hyponymy and hypernymy 5 . Term frequency was developed by their domain experts in order to establish the relevance of different MetaMap semantic types and articles that displayed high frequency of relevant terms were ranked higher among articles that had lower frequencies. The prestige of the journal article was used to increase relevance because they believed that a journal that was highly recognized for accurate information would be more likely to contain a document relevant to the query. Then  , we present a fully unsupervised framework that implements all the functionalities provided by the general method. Two nodes va  , v b are connected from va to v b if the corresponding element e ab ∈ E is greater than α. The heterogeneous nature of the data and our approach to constructing semantic links between documents are what differentiate our work from traditional cluster-based retrieval. Similar to cluster-based retrieval  , we rank the verticals clusters based on their estimated relevance and ultimately select the top ranked verticals to choose items from. Our models assume that the questions in the dataset can be grouped into K distinct clusters and that each cluster has a distinct relevance prediction model as well. On the one hand  , this is a positive result: the models do not require a fine tuning of K. On the other hand  , this can make it difficult to assign semantic meaning to the clusters. Deviations from schema represented paths are called refractions and paths with many refractions are unlikely to be easily anticipated by users  , making them less predictable. The goal would be to efficiently obtain a measure of the semantic distance between two versions of a document. On the contrary  , HTML tags and other features such as keywords can be used in order to infer the relevance of changes. Contextual expansion methodologies i.e. These results demonstrate that our system can achieve close to the best scores for a few number of topics simply because we could not implement the semantic similarity measure to compute the tweet relevance due to time complexity limitation. This highlights the need to find a better similarity measure based on the semantic similarity rather than just textual overlap. One problem in judging relevance between a tweet and a linked resource is the tweet is limited to 140 characters while the resource could span thousands of characters. We formulate a combination of the new semantic change measure and the relevance prediction from the enhanced classifier to produce a normalized quantifiable intention strength measure ranging from -1.0 to 1.0 past to current intention  , respectively. Our second contribution is quantifying this temporal intention based on the enhanced model. Existing measures of indexing consistency are flawed because they ignore semantic relations between the terms that different indexers assign. Alternatively  , for request-oriented indexing  , where a document's retrievability is more important than the consistency of its representation  , the weights could be derived from searchers' relevance judgements. How to measure the similarity of events or road condition ? Only part 1 of the questionnaire was utilized  , which is composed of six semantic differentials mental demand  , physical demand  , temporal demand  , performance  , effort and frustration  , all rated between 0 and 100. After making a relevance judgment a NASA TLX questionnaire would be displayed. The general trend for most of the categories is that demand increases as size of document increases  , the exception being perceived performance where the values decrease as document size increases. We believe it achieves higher recall without losing precision of retrieval  , because documents usually have much more information than a query. This is approached by embedding both the image and the novel labels into a common semantic space such that their relevance can be estimated in terms of the distance between the corresponding vectors in the space. Given an unlabeled image  , the goal of zero-shot image tagging is to automatically tag the image with labels that have no training examples available. The page-level results of semantic prediction are inevitably not accurate enough  , due to the inter-site variations and weak features used to characterize vertical knowledge. Specially  , the attribute relevance vector of a data field D is computed by averaging over its member text nodes  , as A final problem of particular relevance to the database community is the manifest inability of NLIs to insure semantic correctness of user queries and operations. These are very significant challenges  , especially for transportable systems which are based on theoretical idealizations of language  , not the kind of slop that real users use. This issue is typically resolved by acknowledging these assessor differences and simply accepting the opinion of a single assessor. Image relevance was also considered to be a factor for this experiment. The subjective effort results also indicate that visual topics require less effort to judge in terms of subjective effort  , for example it was found that participants believed they had better performance for visual topics  , while for semantic topics  , the perceived mental workload and effort was greater. We validated this principle in a quite different context involving combination of the topical and the semantic dimensions 29. CombMNZ may be compared to a burden of proof  , gathering pieces of evidence: documents retrieved by several source IRSs are so many clues enforcing their presumption of relevance. In our research we focus on challenges that are presented by the growing use of on-line collections of digital items  , such as digitized text books  , audio books  , and video and mixed media content 1   , which require adequate browsing and search support. As the value nears zero  , the pictogram becomes less relevant; hence  , a cutoff point is needed to discard the less relevant pictograms. Using the semantic relevance values  , pictograms can be ranked from very relevant value close to 1 to not so relevant value close to 0. The aim of this work is to provide developers and end users with a semantic search engine for open source software. Preferences such as interest domain and programming language  , as well as characteristics of the application being developed along with a ranking method would improve the relevance of the returned results. It has also become clear that in order to arrive to an executable benchmark  , we needed to exclude significant parts of a semantic search system. Despite this  , our model could be applied in alternative scenarios where the relevance of an object to a query can be evaluated. The result of this step is a list of terms  , where each term is assigned with a single Wikipedia article that describes its meaning. The obvious approach would be to assess the magnitude or amount of change. We observe that even when there is no change in the entropy  , there is still an amount of information responsible for any variance in the probability distribution. The possible worlds semantics  , originally put forward by Kripke for modal logics  , is commonly used for representing knowledge with uncertainties. As part of the CLEF 2006 effort  , which shared the same set of topics as used in CLEF 2007  , the topics were categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard  , semantic/visual  , and geographic/general 5. CLEF 2007 is a set of 20 ,000 images  , 60 search topics  , and associated relevance judgements. The RSVP user interface is primarily designed for relevance assessment of video shots  , which are presented in a rapid but controllable sequence. The MediaMagic user interface contains tools for issuing queries text  , latent semantic text  , image histogram  , and concept queries  , displays ranked results lists and has an area for viewing and judging retrieved shots. Discovered semantic concepts are printed using bold font. s ≈ 14 i particle Table 1: Identifier-definitions for selected identifiers and namespaces extracted from the English Wikipedia  , the accumulated score s and the human relevance rankings confirmed    , partly confirmed    , not sure   and incorrect  . To do this  , we first cluster a large tweet corpus Tweets2011 and then calculate a trigonal area for each triplet ⟨query  , tweet  , cluster⟩ in a Figure 1: Overall system architecture latent semantic space. We tackle this problem by generating new contentbased features to represent the relevance of a tweet to a given query. Therefore  , by modeling both types of dependencies we see an additive effect  , rather than an absorbing effect. The evaluation results on ad hoc task show that entities can indeed bring further improvements on the performance of Web document retrieval when combined with axiomatic retrieval model with semantic expansion  , one of the state-ofthe-art methods. Each dimension of the latent space is represented by an entity and the query-document relevance is estimated based on their projections to each dimension. We utilized a similar methodology in SCDA. Later in 2  , polynomial semantic indexing PSI is performed by learning two low-rank mapping matrices in a learning to rank framework  , and then a polynomial model is considered to measure the relevance between query and document. The difference between CCA and PLS is that CCA utilizes cosine as the similarity function while PLS learns dot product. Although presented as a ranking problem  , they use binary classification to rank the related concepts. 4 study the problem of semantic query suggestion  , where each query is linked to a list of concepts from DBpedia  , ranked by their relevance to the query. Also  , our approach to target detection can be naturally applied to many real-world problems such as word sense disambiguations as well as semantic query suggestion with Wikipedia. A natural next step is to extend the binary judgements to multiple relevance levels. Euclidean distance only considers the data similarity  , but manifold distance tries to capture the semantic relevance by the underlying structure of the data set. An interesting thing is that the distance metric defined by EMR we name it manifold distance is very different with traditional metrics e.g. , Euclidean distance used in many other retrieval methods. As Gupta et al 10 comment the most successful systems are those which an organizing structure has been imposed on the data to give it semantic relevance. However  , systems such as these still require a meaningful entry point to the set  , which might be through a query tool  , or a structured browsing tool which provides some level of organization. However  , individual phrases and words might have multiple meanings and/or be unrelated to the overall topic of the page leading to miss-matched ads. Current proposals for XML query languages lack most IR-related features  , which are weighting and ranking  , relevance-oriented search  , datatypes with vague predicates  , and semantic relativism. In this paper  , we have described a new query language for information retrieval in XML documents. We have presented the new query language XIRQL which integrates all these features  , and we have described the concepts that are necessary in order to arrive at a consistent model for XML retrieval. Changes on a topic's representation involve the introduction of event-dependent features  , which bring along ambiguous semantic relevance to the topic. Topic characterisation in Social Media poses various challenges due to the event-dependent nature of topics discussed on this outlet. Therefore  , such methods are not appropriate to be applied on feature sets generated from LOD. Standard feature selection methods tend to select the features that have the highest relevance score without exploiting the semantic relations between the features in the feature space. Thus  , in this section  , we briefly review the literature and compare our approach with related literature. The work in the reported paper is related to several fields ranging from VoID data generation 5 ,4  , semantic indexing 18  , graph importance measures 20 ,12  , and topic relevance assessment 8 ,9 address similar problems. To retrieve better intention-conveying pictograms using a word query  , we proposed a semantic relevance measure which utilizes interpretation words and frequencies collected from a web survey. Six different images were shown to the participant for each topic  , the images varied for each combination of size and relevance  , for that topic. Most combinations contained multiple topics  , with the exception of easy/semantic  , easy/medium visual  , and very difficult/medium visual. Table 6 provides a matrix of the changes in relevance labels for the documents returned in the top position for each query Next  , we take a closer look at the changes brought about by the inclusion of metafeatures in the combination of latent semantic models. The queries we did find in the query logs are real  , provide a diversity of topics  , are highly relevant and fall within the common subset of query types supported by the majority of semantic search engines. Questions and candidate snippets are analyzed by our information extraction pipeline 13   , which extracts entity mentions  , performs within-document and cross-document coreference  , detects relations between entity mentions  , compute parse trees  , and assigns semantic roles to constituents of the parse tree. The second class of features attempt to capture the relevance of the snippet to the query. The features used for relevance prediction are an extension of those used in the 28. We pursue an approach that is based on a modulative relevance model SemRank  , that can easily using a sliding bar be modulated or adjusted via the query interface. In this paper  , we focus on ranking the results of complex relationship searches on the Semantic Web. Different from the convention of storing the index of each object with itself  , the LGM stores the knowledge as the links between media objects. The significance of the new context-based approach lies in the greatly improved relevance of search results. To this end we use a semantic metric that given a pair of words or phrases returns a normalized score reflecting the degree to which their meanings are related. Then  , the ESA semantic interpreter will go through each text word  , retrieve corresponding entries in the inverted index  , and merge them into a vector of concepts that is ordered by their relevance to the input text. The given text fragment is first represented as a vector of words weighted also by TFIDF. Our method does not require supervised relevance judgments and is able to learn from raw textual evidence and document-candidate associations alone. We show that our approach improves retrieval performance compared to vector space-based and generative language models  , mainly due to its ability to perform semantic matching 34. In the next step  , we would like to analyze the effect of usercontributed annotations and semantic linkage on the effectiveness of the map retrieval system. At the bottom of the screen  , YES/NO buttons allow users to submit a relevance judgement for this map/query pair. Measuring semantic quantities of information requires innovation on the theory  , better clarification of the relationship between information and entropy  , and justification of this relationship. Digital libraries technologies such as those related to information organization and retrieval deal with issues of semantics and relevance  , beyond pure engineering problems. This reconfirms previous observations that modeling dependencies via the use of proximity features within the MRF has more of an impact on larger  , noisier collections than smaller  , well-behaved ones. For example  , the presence of the term " neurologist " is unlikely to convey the same impact to a document's relevance as the presence of " astrocytosis. " Although all these phrases are important to diagnosing the patient described in the topic  , a significant amount of semantic meaning is lost when the key-phrases are removed from their contexts . In this representation  , the relevance of a tweet to a given query is represented via each topically formed cluster. Finally  , an average relevance score over a set of empirical threshold values triggered a tweet to be sent to the matching user for Task A within a few seconds after the tweet was originally created. We also calculated the semantic similarity of a new tweet with the tweets that were already sent to the users to minimize redundancy. They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. worked on snippet generation for a semantic search engine Sindice that indexes instance data 2. In contrast  , the definition of similarity in duplicate detection in early database research 1312 is very conservative  , which is mainly to find syntactically " almost-identical " documents. In many IR tasks document similarity refers to semantic " relevance " among documents  , which are could be syntactically very different but still relevant. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. Polynomial Semantic Indexing 232 PSI. Based on the assumption that users prefer those tweets related to the profile and popular in social media  , we consider social attributes as follow  ,  Then  , the semantic score and quality score are utilized to evaluate the relevance and quality of a tweet for a certain profile. When using the sketch tool subjects had to formulate a candidate image to serve as their query. The challenge for CBIR systems therefore is to provide mechanisms for structuring browsing in ways that rely upon the visual characteristics of images. The ranking score can be viewed as a metric of the manifold distance which is more meaningful to measure the semantic relevance. When manifold ranking is applied to retrieval such as image retrieval  , after specifying a query by the user  , we can use the closed form or iteration scheme to compute the ranking score of each point. For example  , the first retrieved image in the first case is the 34th image retrieved by Euclidean distance. We can use machine translation to translate contexts and citations and get two views Chinese-Chinese  , For monolingual context and citations Chinese-Chinese or English-English  , we adopt Supervised Semantic Index SSI 19 to model their relevance score. In this section  , we try to make use of the translated corpus to enhance MLSRec-I. The semantic association between the nodes is used to compute the edge weights query-independent while the relevance of a node to the query is used to define the node weight query- dependent. In this work nodes and edges of the page graph are assigned weights using both query-dependent and independent factors see 5. We then proposed different aspects for characterizing reference quality  , including context coherence  , selection clarity  , and reference relevance with respect to the selection and the context. We developed a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model to measure user interest. Given a semantic user query regarding the relevance of the extracted triples consisting of basic graph patterns and implemented as SPARQL query; a query expressed in natural language might be: " Retrieve all acquisitions of companies in the smartphone domain. " At the end of the KB Linking step  , we have textual triples which are mapped to KB triples either partly or completely. However  , according to 22 this may not be sufficient for more general and larger ontologies  , and thus  , the similarity should be a function of the attributes path length  , depth and local density. The Cranfield paradigm of retrieval evaluation is based on a test collection consisting of three components: a set of documents  , a set of information need statements called topics  , and a set of relevance judgments. A number of tasks are defined in TRECVID  , including shot detection  , story segmentation   , semantic feature extraction  , and information retrieval. The relevance is then computed based on the similarity between two bags of concepts. The proposed method is able to standardize the language used in topics and visits based on UMLS 1 and translate them into a language based on semantic codes provided by the thesaurus. In the digital age  , the value of images depends on how easily they can be located  , searched for relevance  , and retrieved. Images are semantic instruments for capturing aspects of the real world  , and form a vital part of the scientific record for which words are no substitute. The physician is interested in the immediate finding of articles where relevance is defined by the semantic similarity to some kind of prototype abstract delivered by the specialist. from a journal a real world example for a database containing medical document abstracts is given by the Journal of Clinical Oncology 1 . Our Foursquare dataset consisted of all checkins from 2011 and 2012 except December 2012 aggregated in 20 minutes bins by category and urban area. As mentioned before  , our semantic topic compass framework relies on incorporating the semantics of words into the feature space of the studied topic  , aiming at characterising the relevance and ambiguity of the these features. 5 how to enrich the space representation of the topic with the conceptual semantics of words. Hence  , this step extracts first the latent semantics of words under a topic  , and then incorporates these semantics into the topic's feature space. In summary  , the key contributions of this paper are as follows: 1 We present a novel image search system to enable users to search images with the requirement on the spatial distribution of semantic concepts. Experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed image search system  , including the new query formulation interface and the relevance evaluation scheme. In other words  , it would never be computationally possible to apply a semantic relevance check to millions of components. For this reason the combination of the three steps is the only practical way to retrieve components with reasonable precision from very large repositories like the web. Another advantage of the model is that we can use this model to capture the 'semantic'/hidden relevance between the query and the target objects. In this way  , the dependencies between different types of objects are modeled using the topic z. The richness of the SemRank relevance model stems from the fact that it uses a blend of semantic and information theoretic techniques along with heuristics to determine the rank of In this way  , a user can easily vary their search mode from a Conventional search mode to a Discovery search mode based on their need. Of special relevance to the fulfillment of the Semantic Web vision is automating KA from text and image resources. The goal of Knowledge Acquisition KA is to develop methods and tools that make the arduous task of capturing and validating an expert's knowledge as efficient and effective as possible. Automated KA systems take as input multimedia documents originally intended for human consumption only and provide as output knowledge that machines can reason about. The goal in IR is to determine  , for a given user query  , the relevant documents in a text collection  , ranking them according to their relevance degree for the query. In this paper we investigate the benefits of using the semantic content automatically extracted from text for Information Retrieval IR. A well equipped and powerful system should be able to compare the content of the abstracts regarding their semantics  , i.e. We argued in 14 that annotating medical images with information available from LODD can eventually improve their search and navigation through additional semantic links. But that comes with the condition of a context-dependent quality and relevance of established associations i.e. , alignments between clinical concepts which determines to which extent the search functionality can be improved. Although our preliminary results address the sensibility of the measures  , a detailed investigation using several document corpora is still needed to reflect different topics and sizes. So we can proceed from the assumption that visualizing search results taking semantic information into account has a positive effect on the efficiency when assessing search result relevance. The comparison of means also indicates that users performed significantly faster with the visualization approach compared to the list presentation. Semantic information for music can be obtained from a variety of sources 32. Then  , when a user enters a text-based query  , we can extract tags from the query  , rank-order the songs using the relevance scores for those tags  , and return a list of the top scoring i.e. , most relevant songs e.g. , see Table 1. The major shortcoming of treating a web page as a single semantic unit is that it does not consider multiple topics in a page. On the other hand  , a highly relevant region in a web page may be obscured because of low overall relevance of that page. We categorize links suggested by our system into four categories: C1  , correct links; C2  , missing interlayer concept; C3  , one-step errors  , suggest two sibling concepts or reverse the relation; C4  , incorrect relation. The score is treated as a distance metric defined on the manifold   , which is more meaningful to capturing the semantic relevance degree. By taking the underlying structure into account  , manifold ranking assigns each data point a relative ranking score  , instead of an absolute pairwise similarity as traditional ways. Their model favors documents most different in sentiment direction and in the arguments they discuss. The learned function f maps each text-image pair to a ranking score based on their semantic relevance. Unlike the uni-modal data ranking  , cross-modal ranking attempts to learn a similarity function f q  , d between a text query q and an image d according to a pre-defined ranking loss. The task is to estimate the relevance of the image and the query for each test query-image pair  , and then for each query  , we order the images based on the prediction scores returned by our trained ranking model. Specifically  , we use Clickture as " labeled " data for semantic queries and train the ranking model. In this paper  , we proposed a topic segmentation method which allows us to extract semantic blocks from Web pages using visual criteria and content presentation HTML tags. Our topic segmentation method allows to better estimate the relevance compared to the request Moreover  , we need an approach that can be generalized to represent the queries and documents that have never been observed in the search logs. 1 Thus  , how to represent both queries and documents in the same semantic space and explore their relevance based on the click logs  , remains a challenge. Near-duplicate detection is different from other Information Retrieval IR tasks in how it defines what it means for two documents to be " similar " . The third contribution is analyzing the progression of intention through time. Specifically we utilize the so-called " supervised semantic indexing " SSI approach 9. This model belongs to the " learning to rank " category 8 which learns the preference or relevance function by assigning a real valued score to a feature vector describing a query  , object pair. In this case  , the correspondence between a tree and the query is 4-valued  " t "   , " p "   , " pft  , " f. However  , semantic similarity neither implies nor is implied by structural similarity. The existing test-driven reuse approaches make signature matching a necessary condition to the relevance and matching criteria: a component is considered only if it offers operations with sufficiently similar signatures to the test conditions specified in the original test case. The subject is then required to give the relevance judgements on the results returned for the best query he/she chooses for the simple combination method. Because we use our model to simulate the simple combination method  , the queries for simple combination method are actually also sent to the semantic search service we developed to get the results. Web mash-ups have explored the potential for combining information from multiple sources on the web. Since Atomate uses a rule based system at its core  , emerging Semantic Web work pertaining to rule languages such as SWRL and RuleML  , and efficient chainers for these languages are currently of great relevance and interest to us well. In that case  , the complexity of the problem can be analyzed along the number of semantic paths retrieved Similar heuristics to those discussed in the first approach that use context to prune paths based on degree of relevance can also be used here. This approach has the advantage of not requiring any hand-coding but has the disadvantage of being very sensitive to the representational choices made by the source on the Semantic Web. As Rapoport 1953 put it  , it is about technical problems that can be treated independently of the semantic content of messages 25. It is not clear that NLP-based passage trimming offers better potential than simple synonym term based trimming. Second problem is that the model is more aggressive towards relevance due to the bias in the training dataset extracted from Mechanical Turk 80% Relevant class and 20% Non- Relevant. Indeed  , while the contribution of stop-words  , such as determiners and modals  , can be largely ignored  , unmatched named entities are strong indicators of semantic differences between the query and the document. As suggested by early probabilistic models we argue that analyzing directly unmatched terms may provide additional cues to the relevance of a candidate document to the query. The basic assumption of a cognitive basis for a semantic distance effect over thesaurus terms has been investigated by Brooks 8  , in a series of experiments exploring the relevance relationships between bibliographic records and topical subject descriptors. There is some evidence that RTs can be useful in retrieval situations. In the Chevy Tahoe example above  , the classifier would establish that the page is about cars/automotive and only those ads will be considered. In addition to increased click through rate CTR due to increased relevance  , a significant but harder to quantify benefit of the semantic-syntactic matching is that the resulting page has a unified feel and improves the user experience. In the end  , 30 identifiers 9.6% reached the ultimate goal and were identified as a semantic concept on Wikidata. For the strict relevance criterion  , the recall improved by 18% 0.048 to 33.2% 103 exactly correct definitions   , and the precision declined only slightly with 420 false positives to 19.7% F1 24.7%. The necessary probability values for sim Resnik and sim Lin have been calculated based on SAWSDL-TC  , i.e. , we counted the appearances of semantic concepts in the service collection and derived the probabilities from this observation. In the example at hand  , k=42 since every query and corresponding relevance set from SAWSDL-TC serves as a partition from the service set. To improve performance   , we automatically thin out our disambiguation graph by removing 25 % of those edges  , whose source and target entities have the lowest semantic similarity. Afterwards  , the entity candidate e i j of a surface form candidate set V i that provides the highest relevance score is our entity result for surface form m i . For example the word Bataclan  , referring to the Bataclan Theatre in Paris is commonly related to Entertainment  , however during the November 2015 terrorist attacks in France it became relevant to the Topic Violence. The objective is to identify features that are correlated with or predictive of the class label. From each mention  , a set of semantic terms is extracted  , and the number of mentions a term derives from can be used to quantify its relevance for a document. These terms can be obtained using KE techniques that identify mentions i.e. , snippets of text denoting entities  , events and relations. We define semantic relevance of a pictogram to be the measure of relevancy between a word query and interpretation words of a pictogram. The higher the ratio of a specific interpretation word of a pictogram  , the more that pictogram is accepted by people for that interpretation. Intuitively  , we can simply use cosine similarity to calculate the distance between W l and Ws. Next  , for each theme location l  , we determine the semantic relevance SemRel between l and a candidate snippet s by comparing the " word similarity " between W l and the set of words in s  , denoted as Ws. Our approach to structured retrieval for QA works by encoding this linguistic and semantic content as annotations on text  , and by using a retrieval model that directly supports constraint-checking and ranking with respect to document structure and annotations in addition to keywords. This paper presents an approach to retrieval for Question Answering that directly supports indexing and retrieval on the kind of linguistic and semantic constraints that a QA system needs to determine relevance of a retrieved document to a particular natural language input question. In this section we propose a method to make use of this information by encoding it into a feature weighting strategy that can be used to weight features in a tweet collection to address a topic classification task. Representing the feature space of a topic with the proposed framework in the polar coordinate system enhances the standard Euclidean vector space representation in two main aspects: 1 by providing a strength of the relative semantic relevance of a feature to a topic; 2 by augmenting the possible orientations of such relevance to the topic. Based on the axioms and corollaries above  , given a news web page  , we can first detect all its TLBIOs  , merge them to derive possible news areas  , and then verify each TLBIO based on their position  , format  , and semantic relevance to the news areas to detect all the news TLBIOs. Generally speaking  , vertical gap in between two vertically consecutive TLBIOs inside a news area is smaller than that in between a news area and its vertically adjacent non-news area. In case neither approach detects the Web answer in the corpus  , we simply browse through the paragraphs returned by the Indri IR system in the order of their relevance and select the first hit as the supporting document. We assume that the answer patterns in our pattern matching approach express the desired semantic relationship between the question and the answer and thus a document that matches one of the patterns is likely to be supportive . By choosing the structured retrieval approach instead of bag-of-words  , a QA system can improve recall of relevant sentences  , which can translate to improved end-to-end QA system accuracy and efficiency. In the " cooking recipe " case  , the performances cannot be improved even using page content  , since all the considered sites are effectively on the topic " cooking recipes "   , and then there is a semantic reason because such sites are connected . In 10 the content of pages is considered in order to propagate relevance scores only over the subset of links pointing to pages on a specific topic. Although Codd advised the community to include an accurate paraphraseand-verify step 4  , it seems that developed systems seldom take this requirement seriously and instead simply translate the user's query to SQL  , applied it and then presented the answers  , perhaps along with the SQL. We remove proper nouns because we observed that if a particular proper noun occurs in a news article and a reader comment frequently  , then the cosine similarity score will be high  , but the actual content of the comment and the news article might not be similar. The system estimates the semantic relevance between a comment and a news article by measuring the cosine similarity between the original news article and reader comment  , after all proper nouns have been removed from both. We would extract those facts as a whole  , noting that they might appear more than once in the abstract  , and then take both fact and term frequency into consideration when ranking the abstracts for relevance. In order to implement this principle  , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them  , as specified in the query topic. For simplicity  , we only discuss CLIR modeling in this section. This simplification is the standard practice in IR modeling  , as in the ubiquitous unigram language model e.g. , 35  , 3  , 23  , relevance models e.g. , 18  , 17 or topic model based retrieval models e.g. , 44  , 45  , 12; 2 We rely on the intuitions behind semantic composition models from the literature on distributional compositional semantics e.g. , 4  , 27. Updating the taxonomy with new nodes or even new vocabulary each time a new model comes to the market is prohibitively expensive when we are dealing with millions of manufacturers. The question of how the relationship between the symbol and the referent is to be established has been identified in Artificial Intelligence Research as the " Symbol Grounding Problem " . To capture how likely item t is to be an instance of a semantic class  , we use features extracted from candidate lists. To capture the relevance of item t to the query  , we use some TF/IDF-based features extracted from the top k search results  , D. For example  , snippetDF is the number of snippets in top k search results that contain item t. snippetDF and other frequency-based features are normalized using logf requency + 1. Because the Shout Out dynamic calls for a back-and-forth dialog between the news-reading and comment-reading anchors  , the system needs to associate each comment with the paragraph to which it is most relevant. In particular  , the CLOnE 5 and ACE Attempto Controlled English 4 work introducing controlled language languages CNL  , and related GINO 2 and GINSENG interfaces for guided input interfaces for CNLs were the basis of Atomate UI's design. Second  , the L p -norm distance form of the above model reflects the coverage of keywords  , and p ≥ 1 controls the strength of ANDsemantics among keywords. Based on the above mentioned three factors  , the relevance score of resource a for keywords K is computed by First  , N Ra  , ki is the normalized Ra  , ki in the range 0  , 1  , which reflects the the number of meaningful semantic path instances. A vector model solely based on word similarities will fail to find the high relevance between the above two context vectors  , while our context distance model does capture such relatedness. The program correctly identified the semantic closeness between the following two context vectors the two context vectors have a distance of 0.03012 – the relative large value means they are close: Note that the two contexts have only one overlapping words. For example  , the word " right " spatial concept in "right arm" would be assigned a very low weight  , as the main focus of the concept would be the arm and not which side the arm is in. Defining representative content has to focus on the technical side of the objects and cover the difference in structural expression of the content  , not the variety of the semantic content that the objects represent such as different motives shown in digital photographs. asp ?DefinitionKey=987 the contained embedded objects will be of interest  , as will be the variety of fonts referenced and the question whether some documents contain a change history and whether this history is considered of any relevance. Besides using statistical features such as term frequency  , proximity and relative position to the question key words  , our methods also include syntactic information derived through parsing  , and semantic features like word senses  , POS tagging and keyword expansion etc. There is a wide  , possibly infinite range of text features that can be designed to estimate the relevance of a candidate answer for the purpose of answer ranking. The main challenge for diversifying the results of keyword queries over RDF graphs  , is how to take into consideration the semantics and the structured nature of RDF when defining the relevance of the results to the query and the dissimilarity among results. This objective is not restrained to textual similarity only  , but takes also into account the semantic similarity of classes and properties inferred by the schema. As an alternative or auxiliary to directly aligning between standards and curricular resources on the one hand  , and trying to infer relevance from the structural and semantic similarity of standards across standard sets on the other  , the feasibility of standard crosswalking – that is  , inferring alignment in one set of standards based on alignments in another – has been explored; e.g. , 7 and 11. They do not  , however  , further pursue this aspect. 5 Hyponymy is the semantic relation in which the extension of a word is subsumed in the extension of another word e.g. Guidance was provided to modify the SMM in order to allow for a broader interpretation of relevance 4 RFP 103— " All documents which describe  , refer to  , report on  , or mention any " in-store "   , " on-counter "   , " point of sale "   , or other retail marketing campaign for cigarettes. " A guiding principle for us was that relevance of a topic should not be just based on individual terms or keywords  , such as genes or diseases  , but rather it should take into account the subject of the whole document. At the core  , most of these approaches can be viewed as computing a similarity score Sima ,p between a vector of features characterizing the ad a and a vector of features characterizing the page p. For the ad a such features could include the bid phrase  , the title words usually displayed in a bold font in the presentation  , synonyms of these words  , the displayed abstract  , the target URL  , the target web site  , the semantic category  , etc. The majority of the approaches proposed so far for estimating the relevance of a given ad to a given content  , and thus indirectly CTR  , are based on the co-occurrence of words or phrases within ads and pages 13  , 16  , 20 or on a combination of semantic and syntactic factors 4. However   , when compared to query centric retrieval  , this makes for a substantial difference at retrieval time: while query centric retrieval requires a relevance judgment for all types of images in the relevant class from a single example  , database centric retrieval only requires a similarity judgment for one image the query from the probability distribution of the entire class. In terms of implementation   , the only difference with respect to non-semantic retrieval is that one probability distribution is estimated per concept using all the images that contain the concept rather than per image. In the early days of the Web the lack of navigation plainness was considered as the navigation problem: users can get lost in a hyperspace and this means that  , when users follow a sequence of links  , they tend to become disoriented in terms of the goal of their original query and in terms of the relevance to their query of the information they are currently browsing 3. We believe that addressing the navigation problem in a hyper-environment is challenging but feasible  , because semantic annotations provide machines with the ability to access what readers normally consider shared contextual information together with the information which is hidden in the resource. It is probable  , however  , that this problem cannot be solved without performing time-consuming experimental rese~irch aimed at defining the influence on the size of retrieval system atoms of the variation of frequency of occurrence of index terms  , of the co-occurrence of index terms  , of the variation of the frequency of co-occurrence of index terms  , of the existence of semantic relations  , etc. Thus  , the problem to be solved is the development of a methodology which will allow us to order the document clusters according to the number of documents with formal relevance equal to unity which they contain. The latter three variables were based on the topic classifications defined in the ImageCLEF 2007 4  , 5 and allow us to investigate how the Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Users are also likely to want support for data types and 'semantic relativism': the former would  , for example  , enable searches for documents where //publicationDate is later than August 17  , 1982; the latter would allow markup as diverse as <doc publicationDate='October 27  , 1983'>.. and <publicationDate>October 27  , 1983</publicationDate> to match such a query. As Fuhr and Großjohann 6  note  , however  , such functionality requires operators for relevance-weighted search in place of boolean ones  , as well as DTD-specific information on what constitutes the relevant fragment of markup containing each search hit identified above with #. While other ontology-based IR approaches typically builds only on terminological knowledge e.g. , classes  , subclasses  , to the best of our knowledge our work is the first in exploiting such a variety of automatically extracted semantic content i.e. , entities  , types  , frames  , temporal information for IR. Similarly  , we can exploit the entities and the temporal content to better weigh the different relevance of documents mentioning dbpedia:Carl Friedrich Gauss and dbpedia:GAUSS software  , as well as to differently rank documents about Middle Age and 17th/18th centuries astronomers. An alternative strategy to cope with the problem is the approach based on statistical translation 2: A query term can be a translation of any word in a document which may be different from  , but semantically related to the query term; and the relevance of a document given a query is assumed proportional to the translation probability from the document to the query. Thus  , a query and a document  , represented as vectors in the lower-dimensional semantic space  , can still have a high similarity even if they do not share any term. While some projects have attempted to derive the semantic relevance of discrete search results  , at least sufficiently to be able to group them into derived categories after the fact 27  , the unstructured nature of the Web makes exploring relationships among pages  , or the information components within pages  , difficult to determine. Search results which produce pages of links create an implicit association among the pages  , insofar as the returned pages contain the words given  , but such an association can be distinct from a person's context informing the choice of those terms. In step 1  , we identify concept labels that are semantically similar by using a similarity measure based on the frequency of term co-occurence in a large corpus the web combined with a semantic distance based on WordNet without relying on string matching techniques 10. We base our recommendation procedure on this hypothesis and propose an approach in two steps: 1 for every D S   , we identify a cluster 2 of datasets that share schema concepts with D S and 2 we rank the datasets in each cluster with respect to their relevance to D S . In routing  , the system uses a query and a list of documents that have been identified as relevant or not relevant to construct a classification rule that ranks unlabeled documents according to their likelihood of relevance. We will expermission to make digitah~rd copies of ;L1l or patl of this motcriid without fee is granted provicicd hot the copies orc not Inaie or distributed for profit or commcrci:d mlv:mt:lgc  , lhu ACM c{pyright/ server notice. , the title of tlw puhlic:ltioo aod its d:llc :Iplc:ir  , :md notice is given th~t copyright c; h!y permission of Iw Associ:lti{~n I'or amine two different forms of dimensionality reduction  , Latent Semantic Indexing IS and optimal term selection  , in order to investigate which form of dimensionafity reduction is most effective for the routing problem. Results indicate  , not surprisingly perhaps  , that standard crosswalking can be successful if different standard-issuing agencies base their standard writing on a common source and/or a Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. We take a multi-phase optimization approach to cope with the complexity of parallel multijoin query optimization. Parallel multi-join query optimization is even harder 9  , 14  , 25.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization.  Query execution. a join order optimization of triple patterns performed before query evaluation. We focus on static query optimization  , i.e. Query optimization is a fundamental and crucial subtask of query execution in database management systems. Specify individual optimization rules. Any truly holistic query optimization approach compromises the extensibility of the system. There has been a lot of work in multi-query optimization for MV advisors and rewrite. First  , is to include multi-query optimization in CQ refresh. We now apply query optimization strategies whenever the schema changes. We now highlight some of the semantic query optimizationSQO strategies used by our run time optimizer. Thus the system has to perform plan migration after the query optimization. In query optimization using views  , to compute probabilities correctly we must determine how tuples are correlated. portant drawbacks with lineage for information exchange and query optimization using views. Semantic query optimization is well motivated in the literature6 ,5 ,7  , as a new dimension to conventional query optimization. is implemented as a rule-based system. Our experiments were carried out with Virtuoso RDBMS  , certain optimization techniques for relational databases can also be applied to obtain better query performance. Meta query optimization. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. Multi-query optimization is a technique working at query compilation phase. Multi-query optimization detects common inter-and intra-query subexpressions and avoids redundant computation 10  , 3  , 18  , 19. This comprises the construction of optimized query execution plans for individual queries as well as multi-query optimization. Logical query optimization uses equalities of query expressions to transform a logical query plan into an equivalent query plan that is likely to be executed faster or with less costs. Optimization. It complements the conventional query optimization phase. This is exactly the concept of Coarse-Grained Optimization CGO. One category of research issues deals with mechanisms to exploit interactions between relational query optimization and E-ADT query optimization. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. As in applying II to conventional query optimization  , an interesting question that arises in parametric query optimization is how to determine the running time of a query optimizer for real applications . These results are very promising and indicate that  , by using sipIIsl  , parametric query optimization can be efficiently supported in current systems. Not only are these extra joins expensive  , but because the complexity of query optimization is exponential in the amount of joins  , SPARQL query optimization is much more complex than SQL query optimization. SQL systems tend to be more efficient than triple stores  , because the latter need query plans with many self-joins – one per SPARQL triple pattern. The optimization on this query is performed twice. This query is shown in Figure 7. 33. 6  reports on a rule-based query optimizer generator  , which was designed for their database generator EXODUS 2. Rule-based query optimization is not an entirely new idea: it is borrowed from relational query optimization  , e.g. , 5  , 8  , 13  , 141. We divide the optimization task into the following three phases: 1 generating an optimized query tree  , 2 allocating query operators in the query tree to machines  , and 3 choosing pipelined execution methods. Breaking the Optimization Task. The parallel query plan will be dete&iined by a post optimization phase after the sequential query optimization . DB2 query optimizer has the' cost function in terms of resource consumption such as t.he CPU 'dime and I/O time. Typically  , all sub-expressions need to be optimized before the SQL query can be optimized. Query Optimization: The optimization of an SQL query uses cost-based techniques to search for a cheap evaluation plan from a large space of options. Query optimization in general is still a big problem. ? The architecture should readily lend itself to query optimization. 4. Optimization of the internal query represen- tation. Good query optimization is as important for 00 query languages as it is for relational query languages. 5 21. Mid-query re-optimization  , progressive optimization  , and proactive re-optimization instead initially optimize the entire plan; they monitor the intermediate result sizes during query execution  , and re-optimize only if results diverge from the original estimates. The optimization of each stage can use statistics cardinality   , histograms computed on the outputs of the previous stages. However  , semantic optimization increases the search space of possible plans by an order of magnitude  , and very ellicient searching techniques are needed to keep .the cost'of optimization within reasonable limits. As a result  , large SPARQL queries often execute with a suboptimal plan  , to much performance detriment. Then query optimization takes place in two steps. The Query Evaluator parses the query and builds an operator based query tree. The optimization goal is to find the execution plan which is expected to return the result set fastest without actually executing the query or subparts. This simplifies query optimization Amma85. Second  , the project operations are posponed until the end of the query evaluation. They investigate the applicability of common query optimization techniques to answer tree-pattern queries. Cost-based query optimization techniques for XML 22  , 29 are also related to our work. Substantial research on object-oriented query optimization has focused on the design and use of path indexes  , e.g. , BK89  , CCY94  , KM92. For query optimization  , we show how the DataGuide can be used as a parh index. Note that most commercial database systems allow specifying top-k query and its optimization. In general  , the need for rank-aware query optimization and possible approaches to supporting it is discussed in 25. The notion of using algebraic transformations for query optimization was originally developed for the relational algebra. We would like to develop a formal basis for query optimization for data models which are based on bags. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. In Section 2  , we model the search space  , which describes the query optimization problem and the associated cost model. Finally  , the optimal query correlatioñ Q opt is leveraged for query suggestion. Typically  , the optimization finishes within 30 iterations. The optimization problem of join order selection has been extensively studied in the context of relational databases 12  , 11  , 16. Picking the next query edge to fix is essentially a query optimization problem. This is in some cases not guaranteed in the scope of object-oriented query languages 27. 3 Dynamic Query Optimization Ouery optimization in conventional DBS can usually be done at compile time. While research in the nested algebra optimization is still in its infancy  , several results from relational algebra optimization 13 ,141 can be extended to nested relations. The QUERY LANGUAGE OPTIMIZER will optimize this query into an optimized access plan. IQP: we consider a modified version of the budget constrained optimization method proposed in 13 as a query selection baseline. Therefore  , the optimization function is changed to 6 also gives an overview over current and future development activities. Cost based optimization will be explored as another avenue of future work. Our current implementation is based on rule-based query optimization. Each iteralion contains a well-defined sequence of query optimization followed by data allocation optimization. The iterative approach controls the overall complexity of the combined problem. the optimization time of DPccp is always 1. As the optimization time varies greatly with the query size  , all performance numbers are given relative to DPccp  , e.g. More importantly  , multi-query optimization can provide not only data sharing but also common computation sharing. However  , the multi-query optimization technique can provide maximized capabilities of data sharing across queries once multiple queries are optimized as a batch. The major form of query optimization employed in KCRP results from proof schema structure sharing. . In a set-at-a-time system  , query optimization can take place at at least two levels. -We shall compare the methods for extensible optimization in more detail in BeG89. Another approach to extensible query optimization using the rules of a grammar to construct query plans is described in Lo88. A novel architecture for query optimization based on a blackboard which is organized in successive regions has been devised. For illustration purpose a sample optimization was demonstrated. Our approach allows both safe optimization and approximate optimization. The amount of pruning can be controlled by the user as a function of time allocated for query evaluation. A modular arrangement of optimization methods makes it possible to add  , delete and modify individual methods  , without affecting the rest. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. The optimization problem becomes even more interesting in the light of interactive querying sessions 2  , which should be quite common when working with inductive databases. This is effectively an optimization problem  , not unlike the query optimization problem in relational databases. That is  , we break the optimization task into several phases and then optimize each phase individually. Query Evaluation: If a query language is specified  , the E- ADT must provide the ability to execute the optimized plan. Query Operators and Optimization: If a declarative query language is specified  , the E-ADT must provide optimization abilities that will translate a language expression into a query evaluation plan in some evaluation algebra. This expansion allows the query optimizer to consider all indexes on relations referenced in a query. To give the optimizer more transformation choices  , relational query optimization techniques first expand all views referenced in a query and then apply cost-based optimization strategies on the fully expanded query 16 22 . First we conduct experiments to compare the query performance using V ERT G without optimization  , with Optimization 1 and with Optimization 2. In this section we present experimental results. The current implementation of DARQ uses logical query optimization in two ways. It utilizes containment mapping for identifying redundant navigation patterns in a query and later for collapsing them to minimize the query. 9 exploits XQuery containment for query optimization. 14 into an entity-based query interface and provides enhanced data independence   , accurate query semantics  , and highlevel query optimization 6 13. 17  and object-oriented approaches e.g. We represent the query subject probability as P sb S and introduce it as the forth component to the parsing optimization. Query open doesn't have the query subject. After query planning the query plan consists of multiple sub-queries. To build the plan we use logical and physical query optimization. Secondly  , relational algebra allows one to reason about query execution and optimization. This allows the result of one query to be used in the next query. We abstract two models — query and keyword language models — to study bidding optimization prob- lems. The query optimization steps are described as transformation rules or rewriting rules 7. 0 That is  , any query optimization paradig plugged-in. The signature of the SumScan operator is: open. ASW87 found this degree of precision adequate in the setting of query optimization. Astrahan  , et al. What happens when considering complex queries ? We showed the optimization of a simple query. This problem can also be solved by employing existing optimization techniques. 13 for query q. And does this have impact with our technique ? We introduce a new loss function that emphasizes certain query-document pairs for better optimization. : Multiple-query optimization MQO 20 ,19 identifies common sub-expressions in query execution plans during optimization  , and produces globally-optimal plans. To avoid unnecessary materializations  , a recent study 6 introduces a model that decides at the optimization phase which results can be pipelined and which need to be materialized to ensure continuous progress in the system. For instance   , NN queries over an attribute set A can be considered as model-based optimization queries with F  θ  , A as the distance function e.g. , Euclidean and the optimization objective is minimization. This definition is very general  , and almost any type of query can be considered as a special case of model-based optimization query. This lower optimization cost is probably just an artifact of a smaller search space of plans within the query optimizer  , and not something intrinsic to the query itself. Figure 2shows that the optimization cost of all three queries is comparable  , although Q 2 has a noticeably lower optimization cost. Heuristics-based optimization techniques generally work without any knowledge of the underlying data. Heuristics-based optimization techniques include exploiting syntactic and structural variations of triple patterns in a query 27  , and rewriting a query using algebraic optimization techniques 12 and transformation rules 15 . The optimization cost becomes comparable to query execution cost  , and minimizing execution cost alone would not minimize the total cost of query evaluation  , as illustrated in Fig Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. Both directions of the transformation should be considered in query optimization. Figure 2a and Classical database query optimization techniques are not employed in KCRP currently  , but such optimization techniques as pushing selections within joins  , and taking joins in the most optimal order including the reordering of database literals across rules must be used in a practical system to improve RAP execution. Our experiments show that the SP approach gives a decent performance in terms of number of triples  , query size and query execution time. Since only default indexes were created  , and no optimization was provided   , this leaves a room for query optimization in order to obtain a better query performance. For the query performance  , the SP queries give the best performance  , which is expected and consistent with the query length comparison. RDF native query engines typically use heuristics and statistics about the data for selecting efficient query execution plans 27. In this paper  , we present a value-addition tool for query optimizers that amortizes the cost of query optimization through the reuse of plans generated for earlier queries. The inherent cost of query optimization is compounded by the fact that typically each new query that is submitted to the database system is optimized afresh. The detection of common sub-expressions is done at optimization time  , thus  , all queries need to be optimized as a batch. Finally  , our focus is on static query optimization techniques. In fact  , the query performance of query engines is not just affected by static query optimization techniques but  , for instance  , also by the design of index structures or the accuracy of statistical information. By contrast  , we postpone work on query optimization in our geographic scalability agenda  , preferring to first design and validate the scalability of our query execution infrastructure. To our knowledge  , Mariposa was never deployed or simulated on more than a dozen machines  , and offered no new techniques for query execution  , only for query optimization and storage replication. In general  , any query adjustment has to be undertaken before any threshold setting  , as it aaects both ast1 and the scores of the judged documents  , all of which are used in threshold setting. These include: Reweighting query terms Query expansion based on term selection value Query optimization weights anddor selection of terms Threshold optimization. We begin in Section 2 by motivating our approach to order optimization by working through the optimization of a simple example query based on the TPC-H schema using the grouping and secondary ordering inference techniques presented here. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of SELECT c custkey  , COUNT * FROM Customer  , Supplier WHERE c nationkey = s nationkey GROUPBY c custkey Figure 1: A Simple Example Query query optimization Section 5. On the other  , they are useful for query optimization via query rewriting. On the one hand  , the kinds of identities above attest to the naturality of our deenitions. Optimization of this query should seek to reduce the work required by PARTITION BY and ORDER BYs. The main query uses these results. Our work builds on this paradigm. However  , sound applications of rewrite rules generate alternatives to a query that are semantically equivalent. 'I'he traditional optimization problem is to choose an optimal plan for a query. Relational optimizers thus do global optimization by looking inside all referenced views. The paper is organized as follows. Furthermore  , the rules discovered can be used for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. Optimization techniques are discussed in Section 3. In Section 2  , query model is formalized by defining all the algebraic operations required to compute answers to a query. That is  , at each stage a complete query evaluation plan exists. The " wholistic " approaches  , e.g. , 26  , 41  , consider an optimization graph-logical or physical--representing the entire query. They suffer from the same problems mentioned above. SQL-based query engines rely on relational database systems storage and query optimization techniques to efficiently evaluate SPARQL queries. The query engine uses this information for query planning and optimization. Data sources are described by service descriptions see Section 3.1. During the query optimization phase  , each query is broken down into a number of subqueries on the fragments . We discuss extensions in $2.3. JOQR is similar in functionality to a conventional query optimizer . We adopt a two-phase approach HS91 to parallel query optimization: JOQR followed by parallelization. Sections 4 and 5 detail a query evaluation method and its optimization techniques. Section 3 explains query generation without using a large lexicon. , April 21–25  , 2008ACM 978-1-60558-085-2/08/04. Query queries  , we have developed an optimization that precomputes bounds. Unfortunately  , restructuring of a query is not feasible if it uses different types of distance-combining functions. Table  IncludingPivot and Unpivot explicitly in the query language provides excellent opportunities for query optimization. These operations provide the framework to enable useful extensions to data modeling. Still  , strategy 11 is only a local optimization on each query. A simplr I ,RU type strategy like strategy W  , ignoring the query semantics  , performs very badly. The main concerns were directed at the unique operations: inclusive query planning and query optimization. Validity  , reliability  , and efficiency are more complex issues to evaluate. On the other hand  , more sophisticated query optimization and fusion techniques are required. Data is not replicated and is guaranteed to be fresh at query time. Tioga will optimize by coalescing queries when coalescing is advantageous. An optimization available on megaplans is to coalesce multiple query plans into a single composite query plan. In the third stage  , the query optimizer takes the sub-queries and builds an optimized query execution plan see Section 3.3. It highlights that our query optimization has room for improvement. We consider that this is due to a better consideration of this query particular pattern. Weights  , constraints  , functional attributes  , and optimization functions themselves can all change on a per-query basis . The attributes involved in each query will be different. The consideration of RDF as database model puts forward the issue of developing coherently all its database features. query optimization  , query rewriting  , views  , update. Motivated by the above  , we have studied the problem of optimizing queries for all possible values of runtime parameters that are unknown at optimization time a task that we call Parametric Query Optimiration   , so that the need for re-optimization is reduced. When these optimization-time assumptions are violated at execu-tion time  , m-optimization is needed or performance suffers. The multi-query optimization technique has the most restrictive requirement on the arrival times of different queries due to the limitation that multiple queries must be optimized as a batch. Thus  , a main strength of FluXQuery is its extensibility and the ability to benefit from a large body of previous database research on algebraic query optimization. Query optimization is carried out on an algebraic  , query-language level rather than  , say  , on some form of derived automata. On the other hand  , declarative query languages are easier to read since inherently they describe only the goal of the query in a simpler syntax  , and automatic optimization can be done to some degree. Manual optimization is easily possible without having to know much about the query engine's internals. This post optimizer kxamines the sequential query plan to see how to parallelize a gequential plan segment and estimates the overhead as welLas the response time reduction if this plan segment is executed in parallel. The query optimizer can add-derivation operators in a query expression for optimization purpose without explicitly creating new graph view schemes in the database. The query optimizer can naturally exploit this second optimization by dynamically building a temporary graph view: bfaidhd = e QEdge:rmdtypd'main mad " @oad and by applying Paths0 on it. optimization cost so far + execution cost is minimum. The notation is summarized in Integrated Semantic Query Optimization ISQO: This is the problem of searching the space of all possible query execution plans for all the semantically equivalent queries  , hut stopping the search when the total query evaluation time i.e. Query Language: An E-ADT can provide a query language with which expressions over values of/that E-ADT can be specified for example  , the relation E-ADT'may provide SQL as the query language  , and the sequence E-ADT may provide SEQinN. Our query language permits several  , possibly interrelated  , path expressions in a single query  , along with other query constructs. However  , we decided to build a new overall optimization framework for a number of reasons: Previous work has considered the optimization of single path expressions e.g. , GGT96  , SMY90. We differ in that 1 if the currently executing plan is already optimal  , then query re-optimization is never invoked. Techniques for dynamic query re-optimization 1615 attempt to detect sub-optimal plans during query execution and possibly re-use any intermediate results generated to re-compute the new optimal plan. However  , unlike query optimization which must necessarily preserve query equivalence  , our techniques lead to mappings with better semantics  , and so do not preserve equivalence. Our techniques are in the same spirit of work on identifying common expressions within complex queries for use in query optimization 25. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS97  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. Optimizing a query into a single plan may result in a substantially sub-optimal plan if the actual values are different from those assumed at optimization time GW89. For achieving efficiency and handling a general class of XQuery codes  , we generate executable for a query directly  , instead of decomposing the query at the operator level and interpreting the query plan. Second  , we present a new optimization called the control-aware optimization   , which can improve the efficiency of streaming code. When the SQL engine parses the query  , it passes the image expression to the image E-ADT   , which performs type checking and returns an opaque parse structure ParseStruct. This is an issue that requires further study in the form of a comprehensive performance evaluation on sipI1. Subsequently  , Colde and Graefe 8 proposed a new query optimization model which constructs dynamic plans at compile-time and delays some of the query optimization until run-time. Graefe and Ward 15 focused on determining when re-optimizing a given query that is issued repeatedly is necessary. The challenge in designing such a RISCcomponent successfully is to identify optimization techniques that require us to enumerate only a few of all the SPJ query sub-trees. Yet  , layering enables us to view the optimization problem for SPJ+Aggregation query engine as the problem of moving and replicating the partitioning and aggregation functions on top of SPJ query sub-trees. In FS98 two optimization techniques for generalized path expressions are presented  , query pruning and query rewriting using state extents. In CCM96  an algebraic framework for the optimization of generalized path expressions in an OODBMS is proposed  , including an approach that avoids exponential blow-up in the query optimizer while still offering flexibility in the ordering of operations. In section 6 the performance measurement is presented  , and finally section 7 summarizes our experiences and outlines future work. Kabra and DeWitt 21 proposed an approach collecting statistics during the execution of complex queries in order to dynamically correct suboptimal query execution plans. LEO is aimed primarily at using information gleaned from one or more query executions to discern trends that will benefit the optimization of future queries. Both solutions deal with dynamic reoptimization of parts of a single query  , but they do not save and exploit this knowledge for the next query optimization run. If the format of a query plan is restricted in some manner  , this search space will be reduced and optimization will be less expensive. For example  , during optimization  , the space of alternative query plans is searched in order to find the " optimal " query plan. There are six areas of work that are relevant to the research presented here: prefetching  , page scheduling for join execution  , parallel query scheduling  , multiple query optimization  , dynamic query optimization and batching in OODBs. Another topic for future \irork is providing support for cancelling submitted subqueries to the scheduler when a restrict or a join node yields an empty result. The idea of the interactive query optimization test was to replace the automatic optimization operation by an expert searcher  , and compare the achieved performance levels as well as query structures. The searcher is able to study  , in a convenient and effortless way  , the effects of query changes. Query optimization: DBMSs typically maintain histograms 15 reporting the number of tuples for selected attribute-value ranges. l Once registered in Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. Service Descriptions are represented in RDF. Furthermore  , service descriptions can include statistical information used for query optimization. Even the expressions above and in And as such these approaches offer excellent opportunities for query optimization. Mondial 18 is a geographical database derived from the CIA Factbook. So  , the query offers opportunities for optimization. Open PHACTS 15   , query optimization time dominates and can run into the tens of seconds. In many RDF applications  , e.g. Extensions to the model are considered in Section 5. Section 4 deals with query evaluation and optimization. Search stops when the optimization cost in last step dominates the improvement in query execution cost. mi. We know that these query optimizations can greatly improve performance. Pipelined join execution is a Pipelining optimization. Generate the set of equivalent queries. which fragments slmultl be fetched from tertiary memory . part of the scheduler to do multiple query optimization betwtcn the subqucries. The optimization in Eq. The numbering in the query canvas implies the order in which the faces are specified. In Section 2 we present related work on query optimization and statistical databases. POP places CHECK operators judiciously in query execution plans. If the CHECK condition is violated  , CHECK triggers re-optimization. Graefe surveys various principles and techniques Gra93. A large body of work exists on query optimization in databases. There are several open challenges for our CQ architecture. Histograms were one of the earliest synopses used in the context of database query optimization 29  , 25. 5. In the context of deductive databases. Identifying common sub-expressions is central to the problem of multiple query optimization. In Section 3  , we describe our new optimization technique . In the next section  , we describe query evaluation in INQUERY. The second optimization exploits the concept of strong-token. Suppose we derive h hit-sequences from a query document. The three products differ greatly from each other with respect to query optimization techniques. We start explaining DJ's techniques. A key difference in query optimization is that we usually have access to the view definitions. 5.2. This makes them difficult to work with from an optimization point of view. Query execution times are  , in theory  , unbounded. Here n denotes the number of documents associated with query q i . , which makes the optimization infeasible. Analogous to order optimization we call this grouping optimization and define that the set of interesting groupings for a given query consists of 1. all groupings required by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query 2. all groupings produced by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query. by avoiding re-hashing if such information was easily available. A database system that can effectively handle the potential variations in optimization queries will benefit data exploration tasks. They are complementary to our study as they target an environment where a cost-based optimization module is available. In the area of Semantic Query Optimization  , starting with King King81  , researchers have proposed various ways to use integrity constraints for optimization. The idea of using integrity constraints to optimize queries is not new. In particular  , we describe three optimization techniques that exploit text-centric actions that IE programs often execute. Unlike current extraction approaches  , we show that this framework is highly amenable to query optimization . The Auto-Fusion Optimization involves iterations of fusion runs i.e. , result merging  , where best performing systems in selected categories e.g. , short query  , top 10 systems  , etc. This year  , we devised another alternative fusion weight determination method called Auto-Fusion Optimization. Our demonstration also includes showing the robustness POP adds to query optimization for these sources of errors. All of these sources of errors can trigger re-optimization because of a violation of the validity ranges. Thus  , optimizing the evaluation of boolean expressions seems worthwhile from the standpoint of declarative query optimization as well as method optimization. The need for optimizing methods in object bases has been motivated by GM88  , LD91. This file contains various classes of optimization/translation rules in a specific syntax and order. The information needed for optimization and query translation itself comes from a text file " OptimizationRules " . The DBS3 optimizer uses efficient non-exhaustive search strategies LV91 to reduce query optimization cost. When compared through this metrics  , many more tentative PTs are kept during the search  , thereby increasing significantly the optimization cost. Indeed  , our investigation can be regarded as the analogue for updates of fundamental invest ,igat.ions on query equivalence and optimization. Most of our results concern transaction equivalence and optimization. In all experiments  , TSA yields the best optimization/execution cost  , ratio. The major contribution of this paper is an extension of SA called Toured Simulated Annealing TSA  , to better deal with parallel query optimization. Contrary to previous works  , our results show clearly that parallel query optimization should not imply restricting the search space to cope with the additional complexity. For this purpose; we extended randomized strategies for parallel optimization  , and demonstrated their effectiveness. Further  , we also improve on their solution. In the next Section we discuss the problem of LPT query optimization where we import the polynomial time solution for tree queries from Ibaraki 841 to this general model of  ,optimization. For example   , if NumRef is set to the number of relations in the query  , it is not clear how and what information should be maintained to facilitate incremental optimization . Second  , the proposed incremental optimization strategy has a limitation. Following Hong and Stonebraker HS91  , we break the optimization problem into two phases: join ordering followed by parallelization. We address the problem of parallel query optimization  , which is to find optimal parallel plans for executing SQL queries. Clearly  , the elimination of function from the path length of high traffic interactions is a possible optimization strategy. Others question the propriety of removing DBMS services such as query optimization and views and suggest utilizing only high level interfaces. We have demonstrated the effects of query optimization by means of performance experiments. The primary contribution of this research is to underscore the importance of algebraic optimization for sequence queries along with a declarative language in which to express them. Our second goal with this demo is to present some of our first experiments with query optimization in Galax. Researchers interested in optimization for XQuery can implement their work in a context where the details of XQuery cannot be overlooked. We also showed how to incorporate our strategies into existing query optimizers for extensible databases. Our optimization strategies are provably good in some scenarios  , and serve as good heuristics for other scenarios where the optimization problem is NP-hard. AQuery builds on previous language and query optimization work to accomplish the following goals: 1. Edge optimization and sort splitting and embedding seem to be particularly promising for order-dependent queries. These optimization rules follow from the properties described earlier for PIVOT and UNPIVOT. The architecture of our query optimizer is based on the Cascades framework 3  , which enables defining new relational operators and optimization rules for them. However  , we can think of static optimization such as determining whether a query or a subquery is type-invalid early by inspecting the type information to avoid useless evaluation over potentially large amounts of irrelevant data. The method normalizes retrieval scores to probabilities of relevance prels  , enabling the the optimization of K by thresholding on prel. The threshold K was calculated dynamically per query using the Score-Distributional Threshold Optimization SDTO 1. This also implies that for a QTree this optimization can be used only once. If the outer query already uses GROUP-BY then the above optimization can not be applied. While ATLAS performs sophisticated local query optimization   , it does not attempt to perform major changes in the overall execution plan  , which therefore remains under programmer's control. and in-memory table optimization  , is carried out during this step. The direct applicability of logical optimization techniques such as rewriting queries using views  , semantic optimization and minimization to XQuery is precluded by XQuery's definition as a functional language 30. Finally query generation tools tend to generate non-minimal queries 31. The query term selection optimization was evaluated by changing /3 and 7. Although the precision decreased by several percent  , especially in the middle ranges in recall  , the combined optimization speeded retrieval by a factor of 10. A powerful 00 data modelling language permits the construction of more complex schemas than for relational databases. In order to query iDM  , we have developed a simple query language termed iMeMex Query Language iQL that we use to evaluate queries on a resource view graph. Therefore  , we follow the same principle as LUBM where query patterns are stated in descending order  , w.r.t. We deem query plan optimization an integral part of an efficient query evaluation. Given a logical query  , the T&O performs traditional query optimization tasks such as plan enumeration  , evaluating join orderings  , index selections and predicate place- ment U1188  , CS96  , HSSS. Our approach incorporates a traditional query optimizer T&O  , as a component. The different formats that exist for query tree construction range from simple to complex. As will be shown  , the different formats offer different tradeoffs  , both during query optimization and query execution. In database query languages late binding is somewhat problematic since good query optimization is very important to achieve good performance. Having late binding in the query language is necessary @ the presence of inheritance and operator overloading. There is currently no optimization performed across query blocks belonging to different E-ADTs . In this example   , the SQL optimizer is called on the outer query block  , and the SEQUIN optimizer operates on the nested query block. The entity types of our sample environment are given in Figs. In our experiments we found that binning by query length is both conceptually simple and empirically effective for retrieval optimization. Any query-dependent feature or combination of thereof can be used for query binning. Dynamic re-optimization techniques augment query plans with special operators that collect statistics about the actual data during the execution of a query 9  , 13. Moreover  , our approach is effective for any join query and predicate combinations. If a query can m-use cached steps  , the rest of the parsing and optimization is bypassed. These include exact match of the query text and equivalent host types from where the query originated. The task of the query optimizer is to build a feasible and cost-effective query execution plan considering limitations on the access patterns. Also  , the underlying query optimizer may produce sub-optimal physical plans due to assumptions of predicate independence. For this modularity  , we pay the penalty of inefficient query optimizers that do not tightly couple alternate query generation with cost-based optimization . DB2 Information Integrator deploys cost-based query optimization to select a low cost global query plan to execute . Statistics about the remote databases are collected and maintained at II for later use by the optimizer for costing query plans. We discuss the various query plans in a bit more detail as the results are presented. Consequently  , all measurements reported here are for compiled query plan execution i.e. , they do not include query optimization overhead. Development of such query languages has prompted research on new query optimization methods  , e.g. The evolution of relational databases into Object-Relational databases has created the need for relationally complete and declarative Object-Oriented 00 query languages. By compiling into an algebraic language  , we facilitate query optimization. Secondly  , many query optimizers work on algebraic representations of queries  , and try to optimize the order of operations to minimize the cost while still computing an algebraically equivalent query. Semantic query optimization can be viewed as the search for the minimum cost query execution plan in the space of all possible execution plans of the various semantically equivalent hut syntactically ditferent versions of the original query. Heurirtic Marching: We note that other researchers have termed such queries 'set queries' Gavish and Segev 19861. Query optimization derives a strategy for transmitting and joining these relations in order to minimize query total time or query response time. FluXQuery is  , to our knowledge  , the first XQuery engine that optimizes query evaluation using schema constraints derived from DTDs 1 . Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , it also improves query execution efficiency since it makes it possible for optimizers to always run at their highest optimization level as the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. We have presented and evaluated PLASTIC  , a valueaddition tool for query optimizers that attempts to efficiently and accurately predict  , given previous training instances   , what plans would be chosen by the optimizer for new queries. RuralCafe  , then allows the users to choose appropriate query expansion terms from a list of popular terms. The first optimization is to suggest associated popular query terms to the user corresponding to a search query. The objective of this class of queries is to test whether the selectivity of the text query plays a role in query optimization. A natural example of such a query is searching for catalog items by price and description. The optimal point for this optimization query this query is B.1.a. Since the worklist is now empty  , we have completed the query and return the best point. The next important phase in query compilation is Query Optimization. A prominent example in which this can happen is a query with a Boolean AND expression if one of the subexpressions returns false and the other one returns an error. There are several reasons for wanting to restrict the design of a query tree. Planning a function like S&QWN causes the optimization of the embedded query to be performed. However  , existing work primarily focuses on various aspects of query-local data management  , query execution   , and optimization. In addition to the early work on Web queries  , query execution over Linked Data on the WWW has attracted much attention recently 9 ,10 ,12 ,13 ,14. The trade-off between re-optimization and improved runtime must be weighed in order to be sure that reoptimization will result in improved query performance. It remains future work to investigate whether and when re-optimization of a query should take place. E.g. , Given two topic names  , " query optimization " and " sort-merge join "   , the Prerequisite metalink instance " query optimization Pre sort-merge join  , with importance value 0.8 " states that " prerequisite to viewing  , learning  , etc. Metalinks represent relationships among topics not sources; i.e. , metalinks are " meta " relationships. The blackbox ADT approach for executing expensive methods in SQL is to execute them once for each new combination of arguments. A control strategy is needed to decide on the rewrite rules that should be applied to a given statement sequence. These optimizations are similar to rewrite rules used in conventional single-query optimization 4 as well as in multi-query optimization 1  , 6. With such an approach  , no new execution operators are required  , and little new optimization or costing logic is needed. Transforming PIVOT into GROUP BY early in query compilation for example  , at or near the start of query optimization or heuristic rewrite requires relatively few changes on the part of the database implementer. Optimization during query compilr tion assumes the entire buffer pool is available   , but in or&r to aid optimization at nmtime  , the query tree is divided into fragments. STON89 describes how the XPRS project plans on utilizing parallelism in a shared-memory database machine. The original query is transformed into syntactically different  , but semantically equivalent t queries  , which may possibly yield a more efficient execution planS. Compared to the global re-optimization of query plans  , our inspection approach can be regarded as a complementary   , local optimization technique inside the hash join operator. If the operator detects that the actual statistics deviate considerably from the optimizer's estimates  , the current execution plan is stopped and a new plan is used for the remainder of the query. The Plastic system  , proposed in GPSH02   , amortizes the cost of query optimization by reusing the plans generated by the optimizer. CHS99  proposes least expected cost query optimization which takes distribution of the parameter values as its input and generates a plan that is expected to perform well when each parameter takes a value from its distribution at run-time. Optimization for queries on local repositories has also focused on the use of specialized indices for RDF or efficient storage in relational databases  , e.g. Research on query optimization for SPARQL includes query rewriting 9 or basic reordering of triple patterns based on their selectivity 10. A " high " optimization cost may be acceptable for a repetitive query since it can be amortized over multiple executions. This is made difficult by the necessary trade-off between optimization cost and quality of the generated plans the latter translates into query execution cost. We see that the optimization leads to significantly decreased costs for the uniform model  , compared to the previous tables. In Table 5we show CPU costs with this optimization  , for queries with expected query range sizes of 7 days  , 30 days  , and one year  , under the uniform and biased query model. In Figure 5  , we show results for the fraction pruning method and the max score optimization on the expanded query set. We found that  , counter to general wisdom regarding the max score optimization  , max score and our technique did not work as effectively on our expanded query set as on title queries. For example  , if our beers/drinkers/bars schema had " beers " as a top level node  , instead of being as a child node of Drinkers  , then the same query would had been obtained without the reduction optimization. We observed that this optimization also helps in making the final SQL query less sensitive to input schema. Many researchers have investigated the use of statistics for query optimization  , especially for estimating the selectivity of single-column predicates using histograms PC84  , PIH+96  , HS95 and for estimating join sizes Gel93  , IC91  , SS94 using parametric methods Chr83  , Lyn88 . Cost-based query optimization was introduced in SAC+79. For suitable choices of these it might be feasible to efficiently obtain a solution. It is evident that the result of a general OPAC query involves the solution of an optimization problem involving a potentially complex aggregation constraint on relation   , the nature of the aggregation constraint  , and the optimization objective  , different instances of the OPAC query problem arise. Third-order dependencies may be useful  , however   , and even higher-order dependencies may be of interest in settings outside of query optimization. The results in 16  indicate that  , for purposes of query optimization  , the benefits of identifying kth-order dependencies diminish sharply as k increases beyond 2. Doing much of the query optimization in the query language translator also helps in keeping the LSL interpreter as simple as possible. It is the translator  , not the LSL interpreter  , which can easily view the entire boolean qualification so as to make such an optimization. This research is an important contribution to the understanding of the design tradeoffs between query optimization and data allocation for distributed database design. The numhcr  , placement  , and effective use of data copies is an important design prohlem that is clearly intcrdcpcndent with query optimization and data allocation. Many researchers have worked on optimizer architectures that facilitate flexibility: Bat86  , GD87  , BMG93  , GM931 are proposals for optimizer genera- tors; HFLP89  , BG92 described extensible optimizers in the extended relational context; MDZ93  , KMP93  proposed architectural frameworks for query optimization in object bases. Fre87  , GD87  , Loh88 made rule-based query optimization popular  , which was later adopted in the object-oriented context  , as e.g. , OS90  , KM90  , CD92. Another approach to this problem is to use dynamic query optimization 4 where the original query plan is split into separately optimized chunks e.g. Our approach is to do local optimization of the resolvents of late bound functions and then define DTR in terms of the locally optimized resolvents. The technique in MARS 9 can be viewed as a SQL Optimization technique since the main optimization occurs after the SQL query is generated from the XML query. While this technique has its own advantages  , it does not produce efficient SQL queries for simple XML queries that contain the descendant axis // like the example in Section 2.1. However  , what should be clear is that given such cost-estimates  , one could optimize inductive queries by constructing all possible query plans and then selecting the best one. In the current implementation we e two-level optimization strategy see section 1 the lower level uses the optimization strateg present in this paper  , while the upper level the oy the in which s that we join order egy. Moreover  , as the semantic information about the database and thus the corresponding space of semantically equivalent queries increases  , the optimization cost becomes comparable to the cost of query execution plan  , and cannot be ignored. For query optimization  , a translation from UnQL to UnCAL is defined BDHS96  , which provides a formal basis for deriving optimization rewrite rules such as pushing selections down. query language BDHS96  , FS98 is based on a graph-structured data model similar to OEM. Moreover  , most parallel or distributed query optimization techniques are limited to a heuristic exploration of the search space whereas we provide provably optimal plans for our problem setting. Due to lack of code shipping  , techniques for parallel and distributed query optimization   , e.g. , fragment-replicate joins 26  , are inapplicable in our scenario. In the following we describe the two major components of our demonstration: 1 the validity range computation and CHECK placement  , and 2 the re-optimization of an example query. POP detects this during runtime  , as the validity range for a specific part of a query plan is violated  , and triggers re-optimization. 13; however  , since most users are interested in the top-ranking documents only  , additional work may be necessary in order to modify the query optimization step accordingly. After developing the complete path algebra  , we can apply standard query optimization techniques from the area of database systems see e.g. In this section  , we propose an object-oriented modeling of search systems through a class hierarchy which can be easily extended to support various query optimization search strategies. To establish the framework for modeling search strategies  , we view the query optimization problem as a search problem in the most general sense. We notice that  , using the proposed optimization method  , the query execution time can be significantly improved in our experiments  , it is from 1.6 to 3.9 times faster. The speedup is calculated as the query execution time when the optimization is not applied divided by the optimized time. Whereas query engines for in-memory models are native and  , thus  , require native optimization techniques  , for triple stores with RDBMS back-end  , SPARQL queries are translated into SQL queries which are optimized by the RDBMS. Because of the fundamentally different architectures of in-memory and on-disk models  , the considerations regarding query optimization are very different. When existing access structures give only partial support for an operation  , then dynamic optimization must be done to use the structures wisely. An ADT-method approach cannot identify common sub-expressions without inter-function optimization  , let alone take advantage of them to optimize query execution. Experiment 5 showed that the common subexpression optimization could reduce query execution time by almost a factor of two. For multiple queries  , multi-query optimization has been exploited by 11 to improve system throughput in the Internet and by 15 for improving throughput in TelegraphCQ. The work in 24 proposes rate-based query optimization as a replacement of the traditional cost-based approach. The novel optimization plan-space includes a variety of correlated and decorrelated executions of each subquery  , using VOLCANO's common sub-expression detection to prevent a blow-up in optimization complexity. Further  , ROLEX accepts a navigational profile associated with a view query and uses this profile in a costbased optimizer to choose a best-cost navigational query plan. The original method  , referred to as query prioritization QP   , cannot be used in our experiments because it is defined as a convex optimization that demands a set of initial judgments for all the queries. Note the importance of separating the optimization time from the execution time in interpreting these results. The diversity of search space is proportional to the number of different optimization rules which executed successfully during optimization. The size of the plan space is a function of the query size and complexity but also proportional to the number of exploration rules that created alternatives during optimization. To perform optimization of a computation over a scientific database system  , the optimizer is given an expression consisting of logical operators on bulk data types. In this section we present an overview of transformation based algebraic query optimization  , and show how the optimization of scientific computations fits into this framework. In this way  , the longer the optimization time a query is assigned  , the better the quality of the plan will be.2 Complex canned queries have traditionally been assigned high optimization cost because the high cost can be amortized over multiple runs of the queries. The optimizer should also treat the optimization time as a critical resource. Therefore  , some care is needed when adding groupings to order optimization  , as a slowdown of plan generation would be unacceptable . Experimental results have shown that the costs for order optimization can have a large impact on the total costs of query optimization 3. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , PLASTIC also improves query execution efficiency because optimizers can now always run at their highest optimization level – the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. Further  , even when errors were made  , only marginal additional execution costs were incurred due to the sub-optimal plan choices. These five optimization problems have been solved for each of the 25 selected queries and for each run in the set of 30 selected runs  , giving a total of 5×25×30 = 3  , 750 optimization problems. As seen in Figures 3 and 4  , there are five optimization problems to be solved for each query of each run one for each measure. While search efficiency was one of the central concerns in the design and implementation of the Volcano optimizer generator 8  , these issues are orthogonal to the optimization of scientific computations  , and are not addressed in this paper. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. On the other hand  , optimizing a query into a single plan at compilation time may result in a substantially suboptimal plan if the actual parameter values are different from those assumed at optimization time GW89. However  , a plan that is optimal can still be chosen as a victim to be terminated and restarted  , 2 dynamic query re-optimization techniques do not typically constrain the number of intermediate results to save and reuse  , and 3 queries are typically reoptimized by invoking the query optimizer with updated information. To tackle the problem  , we clean the graph before using it to compute query dissimilarity. If the graph is unreliable  , the optimization results will accordingly become unreliable. In addition  , we show that incremental computation is possible for certain operations . : Many of these identities enable optimization via query rewriting. Recent works have exploited such constraints for query optimization and schema matching purposes e.g. , 9. Example constraints include " housearea ≤ lot-area " and " price ≥ 10 ,000 " . Flexible mechanisms for dynamically adjusting the size of query working spaces and cache areas are in place  , but good policies for online optimization are badly missing. Memory management. The contributions in SV98 are complementary to our work in this paper. They also propose techniques for incorporating these alternative choices for cost based query optimization. 27  introduces a rank-join operator that can be deployed in existing query execution interfaces. 20 focuses on the optimization of the top-k queries. Let V denote the grouping attributes mentioned in the group by clause. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of query optimization. Some alternatives are discussed in Has95. A few proposals exist for evaluating transitive closures in distributed database systems 1 ,9 ,22 . Parallelism is however recognized as a very important optimization feature for recursive query evaluation. l The image expression may be evaluated several times during the course of the query. l Deciding between different plans requires cost-based optimization of the image expression. Since vague queries occur most often in interactive systems  , short response times are essential. The models and procedures described here are part of the query optimization. The associated rewrite rules exploit the fact that statements of a sequence are correlated. Section 3 shows that this approach also enables additional query optimization techniques. Repetition is eliminated  , making queries easier to ready  , write  , and maintain. The implementation appeared to be outside the RDBMS  , however  , and there was not significant discussion of query optimization in this context. SchemaSQL 5 implements transposing operations. In Sections 2–4 we describe the steps of the BHUNT scheme in detail  , emphasizing applications to query optimization. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. Static shared dataflows We first show how NiagaraCQ's static shared plans are imprecise. It can also be used with traditional multiple-query optimization MQO schemes. This monotonicity declaration is used for conventional query optimization and for improving the user interface. The user can specm  , for example  , that WEIGHT =< WEIGHTtPREV. The rest of the paper is organized as follows. The weights for major concepts and the sub concepts are 1.0 and 0.2  , respectively. The method for weight optimization is the same as that for query section weighting. Table 2shows the speedup for each case. have proposed a strategy for evaluating inductive queries and also a first step in the direction of query optimization. De Raedt et al. In addition to the usual query parsing  , query plan generation and query parallelization steps  , query optimization must also determine which DOP to choose and on which node to execute the query. The query coordinator prepares the execution depending on resource availability in the Grid. It also summarizes related work on query optimization particularly focusing on the join ordering problem. Section 5 reviews previous work on index structures for object-oriented data bases. We conclude with a discussion of open problems and future work. An approach to semantic query optimization using a translation into Datalog appears in 13  , 24. Precomputed join indexes are proposed in 46 . We envision three lines of future research. We enforced C&C constraints by integrating C&C checking into query optimization and evaluation. The remaining of this paper is structured as follows. Service call invocations will be tracked and displayed to illustrate query optimization and execution. Section 5 describes the impact of RAM incremental growths on the query execution model. Section 4 addresses optimization issues in this RAM lower bound context. Over all of the queries in our experiments the average optimization time was approximately 1/2 second. Each query was run with an initially empty buffer. 10 modeled conditional probability distributions of various sensor attributes and introduced the notion of conditional plans for query optimization with correlated attributes. Deshpande et al. Moral: AQuery transformations bring substantial performance improvements  , especially when used with cost-based query optimization. The result is consistently faster response times.   , s ,} The problem of parametric query optimization is to find the parametric optimal set of plans and the region of optimality for each parametric optimal plan. . Ten years later  , the search landscape has greatly evolved. On the other hand  , in the SQL tradition  , W3QL was a declarative query language that offered opportunities for optimization. First  , our query optimization rules are based on optimizing XPath expressions over SQL/XML and object relational SQL. Our work is unique in the following respects. Furthermore. Sophisticated optimization will be used to separate the original query inlo pieces targeted for individual data sources whose content and order of execution are optimal. Schema knowledge is used to rewrite a query into a more efficient one. In this demo  , we highlight the schema-based optimization SQO on one abstraction level. Next  , we turn our attention to query optimization. We then show how to compile such a program into an execution plan. The module for query optimization and efficient reasoning is under development. The prototype of OntoQuest is implemented with Java 1.4.2 on top of Oracle 9i. For traditional relational databases  , multiplequery optimization 23 seeks to exhaustively find an optimal shared query plan. The problem of sharing the work between multiple queries is not new. We can now formally define the query optimization problem solved in this paper. This assumption is also validated by our experiments Section 7. The second step consists of an optimization and translation phase. Then  , this m%imal Query PCN is build in main memory. Section 2 provides an overview of BP-Mon  , and Section 3 briefly describes the underlying formal model. The size of our indexes is therefore significant  , and query optimization becomes more complex. But within that  , we maintain multiple tables of hundreds of millions of rows each. The existing optimizers  , eg. The approach of simultaneous query optimization will lead to each such plan being generated exactly once for all the queries optimized together. query execution time. For SQO  , we have to consider the trade-off between the cost of optimization and solution quality i.e. No term reweighting or query expansion methods were tried. As last year  , on this occasion we have tried only the threshold optimization. A similar concept is proposed in DeWitt & Gray 92. In addition to syntactic rules  , we may also study the domain-specific rules for inferring new triples using provenance  , temporal or spatial information. Whether or not the query can be unnested depends on the properties of the node-set . This optimization would unnest such a subquery. Several plans are identified and the optimal plan is selected. The basic idea of global planning is the same as query optimization in database management systems. Section 2 formally defines the parametric query optimization problem and provides background material on polytopes. For more sophisticated rules  , cost functions were needed Sma97  to choose among many alternative query plans. Some optimization techniques were designed  , but not all of them were implemented . A related approach is multi-query execution rather than optimization. Such operator sharing is even the cornerstone of the Q-Pipe architecture 14. 4.9  , DJ already maintains the minimal value of all primary keys in its own internal statistics for query optimization. In fact  , as explained in Sect. In Section 2  , we provide some background information on XML query optimization and the XNav operator. Scientific data is commonly represented as a mesh. This model can be exploited for data management and  , in particular  , we will use it for query optimization purposes. Their proposed technique can be independently applied on different parts of the query. 3  , 9  both consider a single optimization technique using one type of schema constraint. sources on sort-merge join "   , and this metalink instance is deemed to have the importance sideway value of 0.8. sources on query optimization is viewing  , learning  , etc. Compiling SQL queries on XML documents presents new challenges for query optimization. And this doesn't even consider the considerable challenges of optimizing XQuery queries! Experiment 3 demonstrates how the valid-range can be used for optimization. These valid ranges can be propagated through the entire query as described in SLR94. This function can be easily integrated in the query optimization algorisms Kobayashi 19811. The second difficulty can be resolved by introducing imaginary tuples. Resolve ties by choosing fragment that has the greater number of queries. Imposing a uniform limit on hot set size over all queries can be suboptimal. One is based on algebraic simplification of a query and compilr tinlc> heuristics. Finally  , consider the two major approaches to qitcry optimization for regular databases. An experienced searcher was recruited to run the interactive query optimization test. In practice  , the test searcher did not face any time constraints. However  , their optimization method is based on Eq. a given query node to Orn time  , thus needing Orn 2  time for all-pairs SimRank. Thirdly  , the relational algebra relies on a simple yet powerful set of mathematical primitives. Figure 4summarizes the query performance for 4 queries of the LUBM. Hence  , it is not surprising that for certain queries no optimization is achieved at all. MIRACLE exploits some techniques used by the OR- ACLE Server for the query optimization a rule-based approach and an statistical approach. 5.3. Section 3 presents our RAM lower bound query execution model. Second  , they provide more optimization opportunities. First  , users can calculate the whole Skycube in one concise and semantic-clear query  , instead of issuing 2 d − 1 skyline queries. To our best knowledge  , the containment of nested XQuery has so far been studied only in 9  , 18  , and 10. We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. Second  , we are interested in evaluating the efficiency of the engine. During the first pass the final output data is requested sorted by time. The mathematical problem formulation is given in Section 3. In the literature  , most researches in distributed database systems have been concentrated on query optimization   , concurrency control  , recovery  , and deadlock handling. Finally  , conclusions appear in Section 5. In Section 6 we briefly survey the prior work that our system builds upon. The query evaluation and optimization strategies are then described in Sections 4 and 5. We also plan to explore issues of post query optimization such as dynamic reconfiguration of execution plan at run time. These are topics of future research. In Section 4  , we give an illustrative example to explain different query evaluation strategies that the model offers. Figure 8depicts this optimization based on the XML document and query in Figure 4. Also we can avoid creating any edges to an existence-checking node. The system returned the top 20 document results for each query. The results of our optimization experiments are shown in Tables 2 and 3. Query-performance predictors are used to evaluate the performance of permutations. The approach is based on applying the Cross Entropy optimization method 13 upon permutations of the list. The compiled query plan is optimized using wellknown relational optimization techniques such as costing functions and histograms of data distributions. As a result  , many runtime checks are avoided. If a DataGuide is to be useful for query formulation and especially optimization  , we must keep it consistent when the source database changes. Ct An important optimization technique is to avoid sorting of subcomponents which are removed afterwards due to duplicate elimination. The arrangement of query modification expressions can be optimized. The other set of approaches is classified as loose coupling. However  , such approaches have not exploited the query optimization techniques existing in the DBMSs. Query optimization is a major issue in federated database systems. A CIM application has been prototyped on top of the system RF'F95. Since the early stages of relational database development   , query optimization has received a lot of at- tention. Section 5 concludes the paper. The translation and optimization proceeds in three steps. Our query optimizer translates user queries written in XQuery into optimized FluX queries. Besides  , in our current setting  , the preference between relevance and freshness is assumed to be only query-dependent. For example  , using Logistic functions can naturally avoid the range constrains over query weights in optimization. These specific technical problems are solved in the rest of the paper. Then we give an overview of how a query is executed; this naturally leads to hub selection and query optimization issues. This is a critical requirement in handling domain knowledge  , which has flexible forms. Second  , a declarative query language such as SQL can insulate the users from the details of data representation and manipulation   , while offering much opportunity in query optimization. We examine only points in partitions that could contain points as good as the best solution. DB2 has separate parsers for SQL and XQuery statements   , but uses a single integrated query compiler for both languages. Histograms of element occurrences  , attribute occurrences  , and their corresponding value occurrences aid in query optimization. Many sources rank the objects in query results according to how well these objects match the original query. These characteristics also impact the optimization of queries over these sources. Additionally it can be used to perform other tasks such as query optimization in a distributed environment. A catalog service in a large distributed system can be used to determine which nodes should receive queries based on query content. The Postgres engine takes advantage of several Periscope/SQ Abstract Data Types ADTs and User-Defined Functions UDFs to execute the query plan. The query is then passed on to Postgres for relational optimization and execution . The optimization of Equation 7 is related to set cover  , but not straightforwardly. shows whether query graph q l has feature fi  , and z jl indicates whether database graph gj is pruned for query graph q l . The Epoq approach to extensible query optimization allows extension of the collection of control strategies that can be used when optimizing a query 14. The control we present here is designed to support thii kind of extensibility. Above results are just examples from the case study findings to illustrate the potential uses of the proposed method. One important aspect of query optimization is to detect and to remove redundant operations  , i.e. It is the task of the query optimizer to produce a reasonable evaluation strategy  161. Lots can be explored using me&data such as concept hierarchies  and discovered knowledge. Knowledge discovery in databases initiates a new frontier for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. At every region knowledge wurces are act ivatad consecutively completing alternative query evaluation plans. The resultant query tree is then given to the relational optimizer  , which generates the execution plan for the execution engine. The query tree is then further optimized through view merging and subquery to join conversion and operator tree optimization. The goal of such investigations is es- tablishing equivalent query constructs which is important for optimization. Formalization cordtl cotlcern utilization of viewers in languages  , for example  , in query operators or programming primitives. Contributions of R-SOX include: 1. Our R-SOX system  , built with Raindrop 4  , 6  , 5 as its query engine kernel  , now can specify runtime schema refinements and perform a variety of runtime SQO strategies for query optimization. Moreover  , translating a temporal query into a non-temporal one makes it more difficult to apply query optimization and indexing techniques particularly suited for temporal XML documents. Even for simple temporal queries  , this approach results in long XQuery programs. There is no other need for cooperation except of the support of the SPARQL protocol. In particular  , M3 uses the statistics to estimate the cardinality of both The third strategy  , denoted M3 in what follows  , is a variant of M2 that employs full quad-based query optimization to reach a suitable physical query plan. More precisely  , we demonstrate features related to query rewriting  , and to memory management for large documents. At query optimization time  , the set of candidate indexes desirable for the query are recorded by augmenting the execution plan. The broad architecture of the solution is shown in Figure 4. Incorporate order in a declarative fashion to a query language using the ASSUMING clause built on SQL 92. Such models can be utilized to facilitate query optimization  , which is also an important topic to be studied. Another exciting direction for future work is to derive analytical models 12 that can accurately estimate the query costs. Originally  , query containment was studied for optimization of relational queries 9  , 33 . Finally  , we note that query containment has also been used in maintenance of integrity constraints 19  , 15  and knowledge-base ver- ification 26. Suppose we can infer that a query subexpression is guaranteed to be symmetric. Thus we can benefit from the proposed query optimization techniques of Section 3 even if we do not have any stored kernels in the database. query optimization has the goal to find the 'best' query execution plan among all possible plans and uses a cost model to compare different plans. Currently  , we support two join implementations: However  , it is important to optimize these tests further using compile-time query optimization techniques. Evaluating the query tests obviously takes time polynomial in the size of the view instance and base update. For optimization  , MXQuery only implements a dozen of essential query rewrite rules such as the elimination of redundant sorts and duplicate elimination. MXQuery does not have a cost-based query optimizer . Since OOAlgebra resembles the relational algebra   , the familiar relational query optimization techniques can be used. For OODAPLEX  , we had developed an algebra  , OOAlgebra   , as the target language for query compilation DAYA89 . SEMCOG also maintains database statistics for query optimization and query reformulation facilitation. The server functions are supported by five modules to augment the underlying database system multimedia manipulation and search capability. The most expensive lists to look at will be the ones dropped because of optimization. Terms with long inverted lists will therefore be examined last since the query terms are sorted by decreasing query weight. Second  , we describe a novel two-stage optimization technique for parameterized query expansion. As we show  , this framework is a generalization and unification of current state-of-the-art concept weighting 6  , 18  , 31 and query expansion 24  , 15 models. Similarly  , we weight the query terms according to whether they are sub-concepts or not. Similarly   , automatic checking tools face a number of semidecidability or undecidability theoretical results. Extended Datalog is a query language enabling query optimization but it does not have the full power of a programming language. After rewriting  , the code generator translates the query graphs into C++ code. In fact  , V represents the query-intent relationships  , i.e. , there is a D-dimensional intents vector for each query. To solve the optimization problem in 6  , we use a matrix V and let V = XA T . The conventional approach to query optimization is to pick a single efficient plan for a query  , based on statistical properties of the data along with other factors such as system conditions. 1 Suppose the following conditions hold for the example: This type of optimization does not require a strong DataGuide and was in fact suggested by NUWC97. For this query and many others  , such a finding guarantees that the query result is empty. In this case we require the optimizer to construct a table of compiled query plans. When query optimization occurs prior to execution  , resource requests must be deferred until runtime. Section 3.3 describes this optimization. In particular  , we may be able to estimate the cost of a query Q for an atomic configuration C by using the cost of the query for a " simpler " configuration C'. The optimizer's task is the translation of the expression generated by the parser into an equivalent expression that is cheaper to evaluate. For example  , V1 may store some tuples that should not contribute to the query  , namely from item nodes lacking mail descendants. Summary-based optimization The rewritten query can be more efficient if it utilizes the knowledge of the structural summary. Work on frameworks for providing cost information and on developing cost models for data sources is  , of course  , highly relevant. UFA98 describes orthogonal work to incorporate cost-based query optimization into query scrambling. Enhanced query optimizers have to take conditional coalescing rules into consideration as well. However restricting attention to this class of rules means not to exploit the full potential of query optimization. In this method  , subqueries and answers are kept in main memory to reduce costs. However  , a clever optimization of interpreted techniques known as query/sub-query has been developped at ECRC Vieille86 . This query is a variant of the query used earlier to measure the performance of a sequence scan. During execution of the SQL query  , the nested SE &UIN expression is evaluated just as any other function would be. Note  , however  , that the problem studied here is not equivalent to that of query containment. For an overview and references  , see the chapters on query optimization in MA831 or UL82. Well-known query optimization strategies CeP84 push selections down to the leaves of a query tree. The first one is about the consequences of these results for data fragmentation. It is important to understand the basic differences between our scenario and a traditional centralized setting which also has query operators characterized by costs and selectivities. In contrast to MBIS the schema is not fixed and does not need to be specified  , but is determined by the underlying data sources. In this paper  , we make a first step to consider all phases of query optimization in RDF repositories. We defined transformation rules on top of the SQGM to provide means for rewriting and simplifying the query formulation. Then  , we will investigate on optimization by using in-memory storage for the hash tables  , in order to decrease the query runtimes. the input threshold. The join over the subject variable will be less expensive and the optimization eventually lead to better query performance. Therefore  , a static optimizer should reverse the triple patterns. A set of cursor options is selected randomly by the query generator. Typically cursors involve different optimization  , execution and locking strategies depending on a variety of userspecified options. To improve the XML query execution speed  , we extract the data of dblp/inproceedings  , and add two more elements: review and comments. No optimization techniques are used. Copyright 2007 VLDB Endowment  , ACM 978-1-59593-649-3/07/09. Reordering the operations in a conventional relational DBMS to an equivalent but more efficient form is a common technique in query optimization. Reordering Boxes. We call this the irrelevant index set optimization. In this case  , the estimated cost for the query is the same as that over a database with no indexes. 19851. In general  , constraints and other such information should flow across the query optimization interfaces. This is more efficient because X is only accessed once. General query optimization is infeasible. Without this restriction  , transducers can be used for example to implement arbitrary iterative deconstructors or Turing machines. for each distinct value combination of all the possible run-time parameters. In principle  , the optimal plan generated by parametric query optimization may be different. Optimization of this query plan presents further difficulties. The DSMS performs only one instance of an operation on a server node with fewer power  , CPU  , and storage constraints. medium-or coarse-grained locking  , limited support for queries  , views  , constraints  , and triggers  , and weak subsets of SQL with limited query optimization. Many provide limited transaction facilities e.g. First  , expressing the " nesting " predicate .. Kim argued that query 2 was in a better form for optimization  , because it allows the optimizer to consider more strategies. The advantages of STAR-based query optimization are detailed in Loh87. In this example  , TableAccess has only two alternative definitions  , while TableScan has only three. Perhaps surprisingly  , transaction rates are not problematic. We used the same computer for all retrieval experiments. Using conditional compilation allows the compiler freedom to produce the most efficient code for each query optimization technique. 33  proposed an optimization strategy for query expansion methods that are based on term similarities such as those computed based on WordNet. al. In this section we evaluate the performance of the DARQ query engine. In this case DARQ has few possibilities to improve performance by optimization. The optimization of the query of Figure 1illustrated this. Inferred secondary orderings or groupings can be used to infer new primary orderings or groupings. Section 7 presents our conclusions  , a comparison with related work  , and some directions for future research. Section 6 compares query optimization strategies  , transformationfree with SA and II. The top layer consists of the optimizer/query compiler component. The knowledge gamed in performance tests can subsequently be built into optimization rules. The solution to this problem also has applications in " traditional " query optimization MA83 ,UL82. Database snapshots are another example of stored  , derived relations ALgO. But  , to our best knowledge  , no commercial RDBMS covers all major aspects of the AP technology. Some RDBMSs have means to associate optimization hints with a query without any modification of the query text. Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. They address the issue of equivalence decidability of regular path queries under such constraints. This query is optimized to improve execution; currently  , TinyDB only considers the order of selection predicates during optimization as the existing version does not support joins. The query is input on the user's PC  , or basestation.  For non-recursive data  , DTD-based optimizations can remove all DupElim and hash-based operators. Optimization of query plans using query information improves the performance of all alternatives  , and the addition of DTD-based optimizations improves them further. But  , the choice of right index structures was crucial for efficient query execution over large databases. Since query execution and optimization techniques were far more advanced  , DBAs could no longer rely on a simplistic model of the engine. For the purposes of this example we assume that there is a need to test code changes in the optimization rules framework. The query optimizer makes use of transformation rules which create the search space of query plan alternatives. It is important to point out their connection since semantic query optimization has largely been ignored in view maintenance literature. This is different from  , but related to  , the use of constraints in the area of semantic query optimiza- tion CGM88. The stratum approach does not depend on a particular XQuery engine. The advantage of this approach is that we can exploit the existing techniques in an XQuery engine such as the query optimization and query evaluation. Database queries are optimized based on cost models that calculate costs for query plans. , s ,} The problem of parametric query optimization is to find the parametric optimal set of plans and the region of optimality for each parametric optimal plan. Lack of Strategies for Applying Possibly Overlapping Optimization Techniques. Or for an XQuery that has nested subqueries  , a failed pattern in the inner query should not affect the computations in the outer query discussed more in Section 3.1. The query is interesting because it produces an intermediate result 1676942 facts that is orders of magnitude larger than the final results 888 facts. Note that the query is not optimized consecutively otherwise it is no different from existing techniques. The effect is equivalent to that of optimizing the query using a long optimization time. Learning can also be performed with databases containing noisy data and excep tional cases using database statistics. TTnfortllllat.ely  , query optimization of spatial data is different from that of heterogeneous databases because of the cost function. database systems e.g. , Dayal  , 19841 appears t ,o be ap plicahle to spatial query opt ,imizat.ion. That means the in memory operation account for significant part in the evaluation cost and requires further work for optimization. That effect is more considerable for the first query since that query will use larger memory. This is an open question and may require further research. Although this will eliminate the need for a probe query  , the dynamic nature of the switch operator provides only dynamic statistics which makes further query optimization very difficult. The Periscope/SQ optimizer rewrites this query using the algebraic properties of PiQA and cost estimates for different plans. Optimization is done by evaluating query fimess after each round of mutations and selecting the " most fit " to continue to the next generation. It then modifies queries by randomly adding or deleting query terms. The resulting megaplan is stored for subsequent execution by an extended execution engine. The rule/goal graph approach does not take advantage of existing DBMS optimization. Our aim is to eliminate this limitation by " normalixing " the query to keep only semantic information that is tmessay to evaluate the query. To select query terms  , the document frequencies of terms must be established to compute idf s before signature file access. When one uses the query term selection optimization  , the character-based signature file generates another problem. In the current version of IRO-DB  , the query optimizer applies simple heuristics to detach subqueries that are sent to the participating systems. Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. CPL is implemented on top of an extensible query system called Kleisli2  , which is written entirely in ML 19.  the query optimization problem under the assumption that each call to a conjunctive solver has unit cost and that the only set operation allowed is union. In this case  , one could actually employ the following query plan: Most important is the development of effective and realistic cost functions for inductive query evaluation and their use in query optimization. Nevertheless  , there are many remaining opportunities for further research. We use a popular LDC shingle dataset to perform two optimizations. However  , we believe that the optimization of native SPARQL query engines is  , nevertheless   , an important issue for an efficient query evaluation on the Semantic Web. Clearly  , main memory graph implementations do not scale. Thus  , optimization may reduce the space requirements to Se114 of the nonoptimized case  , where Se1 is the selectivity factor of the query. In addition  , entries need only be made for tuples within the selectivity range of the query. the resulting query plan can be cached and re-used exactly the way conventional query plans are cached. Note that during optimization only the support structures are set up  , i.e. Those benefits are limited  , as in any other software technology  , by theoretical results.  Order-Preserving Degree OPD: This metric is tailored to query optimization and measures how well Comet preserves the ordering of query costs. Over-costing good plans is less of a concern in practice. We continue with another iteration of query optimization and data allocation to see if a better solution can be found. Apers and is optimal  , given the existing query strategies. While we do have some existing solutions  , these are topics that we are currently exploring further. The X-axis shows the number of levels of nesting in each query  , while the Y-axis shows the query execution time. The results with and without the pipelining optimization are shown in Figure 17. As these methods do not pre-compile the queries  , they generate call loops to the DBMS which are rather inefficient. 4  , 5 proposed using statistics on query expressions to facilitate query optimization. 15 only considers numeric attributes and selection on a single relation  , while our method needs to handle arbitrary attributes and multiple relations. This capability is crucial for many different data management tasks such as data modeling   , data integration  , query formulation  , query optimization  , and indexing. We have described GORDIAN  , a novel technique for efficiently identifying all composite keys in a dataset. Likewise query rewrite and optimization is more complex for XML queries than for relational queries. However  , deciding whether a given index is eligible to evaluate a specific query predicate is much harder for XML indexes than for relational indexes. We also briefly discuss how the expand operator can be used in query optimization when there are relations with many duplicates. We pick the Starburst query optimizer PHH92 and mention how and where our transformations can be used. Therefore  , many queries execute selection operations on the base relations before executing other  , more complex operations. In 13   , the query containment problem under functional dependencies and inclusion dependencies is studied. There has also been a lot of work on the use of constraints in query optimization of relational queries 7  , 13  , 25. In 22   , a scheme for utilizing semantic integrity constraints in query optimization  , using a graph theoretic approach  , is presented. Users do not have to possess knowledge about the database semantics  , and the query optimieer takes this knowledge into account to generate Semantic query optimization is another form of automated programming. Thus  , cost functions used by II heavily influence what remote servers i.e. However  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. Compared with database based stores  , native stores greatly reduce the load and update time. The proposed method yielded two major innovations: inclusive query planning  , and query optimization. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS I am grateful to my supervisor Kalervo J~velin  , and to the FIRE group: Heikki Keskustalo  , Jaana Kekiilainen  , and others. We can see that the transformation times for optimized queries increase with query complexity from around 300 ms to 2800ms. shows the time needed for query planning and optimization transformation time. To reduce execution costs we introduced basic query optimization for SPARQL queries. Using service descriptions provides a powerful way to dynamically add and remove endpoints to the query engine in a manner that is completely transparent to the user. In query optimization mode  , BHUNT automatically partitions the data into " normal " data and " exception " data. We focus here on the direct use of discovered constraints by the query optimizer. Relational query optimization  , however  , impacts XQuery semantics and introduces new challenges. SQL Server 2005 also introduces optimizations for document order by eliminating sort operations on ordered sets and document hierarchy  , and query tree rewrites using XML schema information. In their relational test implementation they also consider only selection and join. On the other hand  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. Compared with DBMS based systems Minerva and DLDB  , it greatly reduced the load time. We have generalized the notion of convex sets or version spaces to represent sets of higher dimensions. This includes the grouping specified by the group by clause of the query  , if any exists.  A thread added to lock one of the two involved tables If the data race happens  , the second query will use old value in query cache and return wrong value while not aware of the concurrent insert from another client. Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. Our experiments show that query-log alone is often inadequate  , combining query-logs  , web tables and transitivity in a principled global optimization achieves the best performance. Second  , the query-expansion feature used is in fact often derived from query co-clicks 13   , thus similar to our query log based positive signals. The well-known inherent costs of query optimization are compounded by the fact that a query submitted to the database system is typically optimized afresh  , providing no opportunity to amortize these overheads over prior optimizations . Concurrently  , the query feature vector is stored in the Query Cluster Database  , as a new cluster representative. The inclusive query planning idea is easier to exploit since its outcome  , the representation of the available query tuning space  , can also be exploited in experiments on best-match IR systems. The query optimization operation in the proposed form is restricted to the Boolean IR model since it presumes that the query results are distinct sets. But in parametric query optimization  , we need to handle cost functions in place of costs  , and keep track of multiple plans  , along with their regions of optimality  , for each query/subexpression. In a conventional optimizer we have a single value as the cost for an operation or a plan and a single optimal plan for a query/sub-query expression. At query execution time  , when the actual parameter values are known  , an appropriate plan can be chosen from the set of candidates  , which can be much faster than reoptimizing the query. For each relation in a query  , we record one possible transmission between the relation and the site of every other relation in the query  , and an additional transmission to the query site. This approach recognizes the interdependencies between the data allocation and query optimization problems  , and the characteristics of local optimum solutions. Query compilation produces a single query plan for both relational and XML data accesses  , and the overall query tree is optimized as a whole.  Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. This bug corresponds to mysqld-1 in Table 3  Enable the concurrent_insert=1 to allow concurrent insertion when other query operations to the same table are still pending. The query optimizer shuffles operators around in the query tree to produce a faster execution plan  , which may evaluate different parts of the query plan in any order considered to be correct from the relational viewpoint. As the accuracy of any query optimizer is dependent on the accuracy of its statistics  , for this application we need to accurately estimate both the segment and overall result selectivities. We develop a query optimization framework to allow an optimizer to choose the optimal query plan based on the incoming query and data characteristics. To control the join methods used in the query plans  , each plan was hand-generated and then run using the Starburst query execution driver. Figure 5shows the DAG that results from binary scoring assuming independent predicate scoring for the idf scores of the query in Figure 3. A simple way to implement this optimization is to convert the original query into a binary predicate query  , and build the relaxation DAG from this transformed query. Hence the discussion here outlines techniques that allow us to apply optimizations to more queries. Note that our optimization techniques will never generate an incorrect query — they will either not apply in which case we will generate the naive query or they will apply and will generate a query expected to be more efficient than the naive query. The conventional approach to query optimization is to examine each query in isolation and select the execution plan with the minimal cost based on some predcfincd cost flmction of I0 and CPU requirements to execute the query S&79. One thus needs to consider all query types together. In this section  , we discuss how the methods discussed to up to this point extend to more general situations. If alternative QGM representations are plausible depending upon their estimated cost  , then all such alternative QGMs are passed to Plan Optimization to be evaluated  , joined by a CHOOSE operator which instructs the optimizer to pick the least-cost alternative. QGM Optimization then makes semantic transformations to the QGM  , using a distinct set of sophisticated rewrite rules that transform the QGM query into a " better " one  , i.e. , one that is more efficient and/or allows more more leeway during Plan Optimization . Further  , the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. The optimization prohlem then uses the response time from the queueing model to solve for an improved solution. The Iirst part is the optimization just dcscrihcd which uses an assumed response time for each query type  , and the second part is a queueing model to solve for the rcsponse t.ime based on the access plan selections and buf ?%r allocation from the first part the optimization prohlcm. Yet another important advantage is that the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. As optimizers based on bottom-up Zou97  , HK+97  , JMP97 and top-down Ce96  , Gra96 search strategies are both extensible Lo88  , Gra95 and in addition the most frequently used in commercial DBMSs  , we have concentrated our research on the suitability of these two techniques for parallel query optimization. To overcome the shortcomings of each optimization strategy in combination with certain query types  , also hybrid optimizers have been proposed ON+95  , MB+96. In Tables 8 and 9 we do not see any improvement in preclslon at low recall as the optimization becomes more aggressive. Second  , at high recall  , precision becomes significant y worse as the optimization becomes more aggressive  , This is because we are not considering documents which have a strong combined belief from all of the query terms  , but lack a single query term belief strong enough to place the document in the candidate set. Once we have added appropriate indexes and statistics to our graph-based data model  , optimizing the navigational path expressions that form the basis of our query language does resemble the optimization problem for path expressions in object-oriented database systems  , and even to some extent the join optimization problem in relational systems. Statistics describing the " shape " of a data graph are crucial for determining which methods of graph traversal are optimal for a given query and database. In this paper  , we present a new architecture for query optimization  , based on a blackbonrd xpprowh  , which facilitates-in combination with a building block  , bottom-up arrscrnbling approach and early aqxeasiruc~~l. The search strategy-also proposed for multi query optimization 25-that will be applied in our sample optimizer is a slight modification of A*  , a search technique which  , in its pure form  , guarantaes to find the opt ,irnal solution 'LO. Although catalog management schemes are of great practical importance with respect to the site auton- omy 14  , query optimization 15  , view management l  , authorization mechanism 22   , and data distribution transparency 13  , the performance comparison of various catalog management schemes has received relatively little attention 3  , 181. Using the QGM representation of the query as input  , Plan Optimization then generates and models the cost of alternative plans  , where each plan is a procedural sequence of LOLEPOPs for executing the query. Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. Conventional query optimizers assume that the first part is negligible compared to the second  , and they try to minimize only the execution cost instead of the total query evaluation cost. Some of the issues to consider are: isolation levels repeatable read  , dirty read  , cursor stability  , access path selection table scan  , index scan  , index AND/ORing MHWC90  , Commit_LSN optimization Mohan90b  , locking granularity record  , page  , table  , and high concurrency as a query optimization criterion. While it is sometimes merely a performance advantage to take such an integrated view  , at other times even the correctness of query executions depends on such an approach. The optimization techniques being currently implemented in our system are : the rewriting of the FT 0 words into RT o   , a generalization of query modification in order to minimize the number of transitions appearing in the query PCN  , the transformation of a set of database updates into an optimized one as SellisgS does  , and the " push-up " of the selections. -The optimizer can use the broad body of knowledge developed for the optimization of relational calculus and relational algebra queries see  JaKo85  for a survey and further literature. Therefore defining the semantics of an SQL query by translation into relational algebra and relational calculus opens up new optimization oppor- tunities: -The optimizer can investigate the whole query and is no longer constrained to look at one subquery at a time. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. Let us mathematically formulate the problem of multi-objective optimization in database retrieval and then consider typical sample applications for information systems: Multi-objective Retrieval: Given a database between price  , efficiency and quality of certain products have to be assessed  Personal preferences of users requesting a Web service for a complex task have to be evaluated to select most appropriate services Also in the field of databases and query optimization such optimization problems often occur like in 22 for the choice of query plans given different execution costs and latencies or in 19 for choosing data sources with optimized information quality. The optimization problem can be solved by employing existing optimization techniques  , the computation details of which  , though tedious  , are rather standard and will not be presented here. Note that we can use different feature sets for different query topics by using this method  , but for simplicity  , we didn't try it in this work. It is not our goal in this paper to analyze optimization techniques for on-disk models and  , hence  , we are not going to compare inmemory and on-disk models. Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. In a case where we want half of the participants to be male and half female  , we can adjust weights of the objective optimization function to increase the likelihood that future trial candidates will match the currently underrepresented gender. In this paper we present a general framework to model optimization queries. This makes the framework appropriate for applications and domains where a number of different functions are being optimized or when optimization is being performed over different constrained regions and the exact query parameters are not known in advance. As such  , the framework can be used to measure page access performance associated with using different indexes and index types to answer certain classes of optimization queries  , in order to determine which structures can most effectively answer the optimization query type. However  , if the optimal contour crosses many partitions  , the performance will not be as good. Each query was executed in three ways: i using a relational database to store the Web graph  , ii using the S-Node representation but without optimization  , and iii using S- Node with cluster-based optimization. To generate Figure 12b  , we executed a suite of 30 Web queries over 5 different 20-million page data sets. The purpose of this example is not to define new optimization heuristics or propose new optimization strategies. In this section we give a design for a simple query rewrite system to illustrate the capabilities of the Epoq architecture and  , in particular  , to illustrate the planning-based control that will be presented in Section 5. Formulation A There are 171 separate optimization problems  , each one identical to the traditional  , nonparametric case with a different F vector: VP E  ?r find SO E S s.t. In general  , for every plan function s  , 7 can be partiof parametric query optimization. However  , the discussion of optimization using a functional or text index is beyond the scope of this paper. For an XML input whose structure is opaque  , the user can still use a functional index or a text index to do query optimization. The leftmost point is for pure IPC and the rightmost for pure OptPFD. In fact  , this hybrid index optimization problem motivated the optimization problem underlying the size/speed tradeoff for OptPFD in Figure 2per query in milliseconds  , for a hybrid index involving OptPFD and IPC. In this paper we proposed a general framework for expressing and analyzing approximate predicates  , and we described how to construct alternate query plans that effectively use the approximate predicates. In addition to considering when such views are usable in evaluating a query  , they suggest how to perform this optimization in a cost-based fashion. Therefore  , we need to find a priori which tables in the FROM clause will be replaced by V. Optimization of conjunctive SQL queries using conjunctive views has been studied in CKPS95. The results also shows how our conservative local heuristic sharply reduces the overhead of optimization under varying distributions. The second set of experiments shed light on how the distribution of the user-defined predicates among relations in the query influences the cost of optimization. However   , the materialized views considered by all of the above works are traditional views expressed in SQL. Optimization using materialized views is a popular and useful technique in the context of traditional database query optimization BLT86  , GMS93  , CKPS95  , LMSS95  , SDJL96 which has been successfully applied for optimizing data warehouse queries GHQ95  , HGW + 95  , H R U96  , GM96  , GHRU97. Note that even our recipes that do not exploit this optimization outperform the optimized VTK program and the optimized SQL query. The bars labelled with the 'o' suffix make use of a semantic optimization: We restrict the grid to the relevant region before searching for cells that contain points. Some of the papers on query evaluation mentioned in section 4.2 consider this problem. It is an interesting optimization problem to decide which domains to invert a static optimization and how to best evaluate the qualification given that only some of the domains are inverted. Concerning query optimization  , existing approaches  , such as predicate pushdown U1188 and pullup HS93  , He194  , early and late aggregation c.f. , YL94  , duplicate elimination removal PL94  , and DISTINCT pullup and pushdown  , should be applied to coalescing. In terms of future research  , more work is needed to understand the interplay of coalescing and other temporal operators with respect to queSy optimization and evaluation. Putting these together   , the ADT-method approach is unable to apply optimization techniques that could result in overall performance improvements of approximately two orders of magnitude! Traditional query optimization uses an enumerative search strategy which considers most of the points in the solution space  , but tries to reduce the solution space by applying heuristics. As the solution space gets larger for complex queries  , the search strategy that investigates alternative solutions is critical for the optimization cost. We have chosen not do use dynamic optimization to avoid high overhead of optimization at runtime. one for each resolvent of a late bound function  , and where the total query plan is generated at start-up time of the application program. Our approach exploits knowledge from different areas and customizes these known concepts to the needs of the object-oriented data models. Using a realistic application  , we measure the impact of parallelism on the optimization cost and the op- timization/execution cost trade-off using several combinations of search space and search strategy. In this way  , after two optimization calls we obtain both the best hypothetical plan when all possible indexes are present and the best " executable " plan that only uses available indexes. For that reason  , we would require a second optimization of the query  , this time using only the existing indexes. We describe our evaluation below  , including the platform on which we ran our experiments  , the test collections and query sets used  , the performance measured. Any evaluation of an unsafe optimization technique requmes measuring the execution speeds of the base and optimized systems  , as well as assessing the impact of the optimization technique on the system's retrieval effectiveness. In the following  , we focus on such an instantiation   , namely we employ as optimization goal the coverage of all query terms by the retrieved expert group. Obviously  , by defining a specific optimization goal  , we get different instantiations of the framework  , which correspond to different problem statements. In this optimization  , we transform the QTree itself. Our ideas are implemented in the DB2 family. We performed experiments to 1 validate our design choices in the physical implementation and 2 to determine whether algebraic optimization techniques could improve performance over more traditional solutions. Since the execution space is the union of the exccution spaces of the equivalent queries  , we can obtain the following simple extension to the optimization al- gorithm: 1. Thus  , the ecectllion space consists of the space of all join trees* for each equivalent query obtainrtl from Step 1 of optimization Section 4. Although this approach is effective in the database domain  , unfortunately  , in knowledge base systems this is not feasible. This is necessary to allow for both extensibility and the leverage of a large body of related earlier work done by the database research community. Such machinery needs to be based on intermediate representations of queries that are syntactically close to XQuery and has to allow for an algebraic approach to query optimization  , with buffering as an optimization target. The second issue  , the optimization of virtual graph patterns inside an IMPRECISE clause  , can be addressed with similarity indexes to cache repeated similarity computations—an issue which we have not addressed so far. The first issue can be addressed with iSPARQL query optimization  , which we investigated in 2 ,22. The goal is to keep the number of records Note that optimizing a query by transforming one boolean qualification into another one is a dynamic optimization that should be done in the user-to- LSL translator. For instance: with 4 levels  , the corresponding SEQUIN query is PROJECT count* FROM PROJECT * FROM PROJECT * FROM 100K~10flds~100dens , S; ZOOM ALL; We disabled the SEQ optimization that merges consecutive scans which would otherwise reduce all these queries to a common form. Besides these works on optimizer architectures  , optimization strategies for both traditional and " nextgeneration " database systems are being developed. The technique provides optimization of arbitrary convex functions  , and does not incur a significant penalty in order to provide this generality. In summary  , navigation profiles offer significant opportunities for optimization of query execution  , regardless of whether the XML view is defined by a standard or by the application. We argue that complex view queries contain many such tradeoffs; balancing them is part of the optimization space explored by ROLEX. This example illustrates the applicability of algebraic query optimization to real scientific computations  , and shows that significant performance improvements can result from optimization. Finally  , the reduction in the number of merge operations from 3 to 2 results in less copying of data  , and thus better performance. However  , this only covers a special case of grouping  , as we will discuss in some detail in Section 3. Parallel optimization is made difficult by the necessary trade-off between optimization cost and quality of the generated plans the latter translates into query execution cost. To copy otherwire  , or to republish  , requires a fee and/or rpecial permirrion from Ihe Endowment. In Section 3  , we show how our query and optimization engine are used in BBQ to answer a number of SQL queries  , 2 Though these initial observations do consume some energy up-front  , we will show that the long-run energy savings obtained from using a model will be much more significant. We discuss this optimization problem in more detail in Section 4. The basic idea behind our approach is similar in spirit to the one proposed by Hammcr5 and KingS for knowledge-based query optimization  , in the sense that we are also looking for optimization by semantic transformation. Finally  , Hammer only supports restricted forms of logically equivalent transformations because his knowledge reprsentation is not suitable for deductive use. Other types of optimizations such as materialized view selection or multi-query optimization are orthogonal to scan-related performance improvements and are not examined in this paper. Exactly this type of optimization lies in the heart of a read-optimized DB design and comprises the focus of this paper. The horizontal optimization specializes the case rules of a typeswitch expression with respect to the possible types of the operand expression. The structural function inlining yields an optimal expression for a given query by means of two kinds of static optimization  , which are horizontal and vertical optimizations. This optimization problem is NP-hard  , which can be proved by a reduction from the Multiway Cut problem 3 . Then the optimization target becomes F = arg max F ∈F lF  , where F is the set of all possible query facet sets that can be generated from L with the strict partitioning constraint. What differentiates MVPP optimization with traditional heuristic query optimization is that in an MVPP several queries can share some After each MVPP is derived  , we have to optimize it by pushing down the select and project operations as far as possible. The relation elimination proposed by Shenoy and Ozsoyoglu SO87 and the elimination of an unnecessary join described by Sun and Yu SY94 are very similar to the one that we use in our transformations. 11 ,12 a lot of research on query optimization in the context of databases and federated information systems. The introduction of an ER schema for the database improves the optimization that can be performed on GraphLog queries for example  , by exploiting functional dependencies as suggested in 25  , This means that the engineer can concentrate on the correct formulation of the query and rely on automatic optimization techniques to make it execute efficiently. For practical reasons we limited the scalability and optimization research to full text information re-trieval IR  , but we intend to extent the facilities to full fledged multimedia support. Distribution and query optimization are the typical database means to achieve this. This gives the opportunity of performing an individual  , " customized " optimization for both streams. The bypass technique fills the gap between the achievements of traditional query optimization and the theoretical potential   , In this technique  , specialized operators are employed that yield the tuples that fulfll the operator's predicate and the tuples that do not on two different  , disjoint output streams. This study has also been motivated by recent results on flexible buffer allocation NFSSl  , FNSSl. Path finding and sub-paths in breadth-first search 3. Neither pattern is a true depth-first or breadthfirst search pattern. The greedy pattern represents the depth-first behavior  , and the breadth-like pattern aims to capture the breadth-first search behaviors. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. The depth-first search instead of the breadth-first search is used because many previous studies strongly suggest that a depth-first search with appropriate pseudo-projection techniques often achieves a better performance than a breadth-first search when mining large databases. Here we use breadth-first search. Once the search space is structured  , a search strategy should be chosen. 6  holds the objects during the breadth-first search. 4first out queue called Q in Fig. In practice  , forward selection procedures can be seen as a breadth-first search. 10 . In the mathematical literature  , breadth first search Is typically preferred. Normally the user cares "~. , ,:"~ ,~ton ~v'" ""-. and search the other subranges breadth-first. For our implementation we select for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. Thus solving the graph search problem in Given the user behavior observed by Klöckner et al. , we used two browsing patterns to evaluate find-similar.   , vn−1}  , where the indices are consistent with a breadth-first numbering produced by a breadth-first search starting at node v0 1 see Section 3.4.1 for a formal definition. By a depth-first search of the set enumeration tree of transitive reductions of partial orders  , Frecpo will not miss any frequent partial order. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. , by breadth-first  , best-first or depth-first search. If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. We first conduct a breadth-first or depth-first search on the graph. We will deal with these cycles in the next step. However  , best-first search also has some problems. Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. We compute the discrete plan as a tree using the breadth first search. robot and obstacles 12. Tabels 1 and 2 show that the breadth first search is exhaustive it finds solutions with one step fewer re- grasps. the search procedure is breadth first search which examines all the nodes on one level of the tree before any nodes of the next level ignoring the goal distance Ac. This will not always be feasible in larger domains  , and intelligent search heuristics will be needed. This amounts to a breadth first search of the frequent itemsets on a lattice. Apriori first finds all frequent itemsets of size § before finding frequent itemsets of size § ¦ . CLOSET 11 and CLOSET+ 16 adopt a depth-first  , feature enumeration strategy. A-close 10 uses a breadth-first search to find FCPs. We restrict the training pages to the first k pages when traversing the website using breadth first search. Thus  , we should use these pages for training as well. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. In practice  , it is closer to a depth-first search with some backtracking than to a breadth-first search. This simple method worked out well in our experiments. ; the maximal number of states between the initial state and another state when traversing the TS in breadth-first search BFS height; the number of transitions starting from a state and ending in another state with a lower level when traversing the TS in breadth-first search Back lvl tr. deg. The resulting path will have the minimum nilinher of turns i n it by definition of breadth-first search. Compute D and perform a breadth-first search of D as indicated above starting with To as the set of visited vertices and ending when some vertex in the goal set 7~ ha5 been reached. During our previous experiments 13  , a bidirectional breadth first search proved to be the most efficient method in practice for finding all simple paths up to certain hop limit. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. The breadth-first search weighted by its distance from the reference keyframe is performed  , and the visited keyframes are registered in the temporary global coordinate system. To optimize the poses and landmarks  , we create a metric environment map by embedding metric information to nodes by breadth-first search over graph. The objects in UpdSeedD ,l are not directly density-reachable from each other. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l Johnson generalized it to other surface representations  , including NURBS  , by using a breadth-first search 9. Quinlan introduced this approach using a depth-first search of the bounding hierarchy  141. Since coverage tends to increase with sequence length  , the DFS strategy likely finds a higher coverage sequence faster than the breadth-first search BFS. We choose to traverse the tree using depth-first search DFS. This is done by recursively firing co-author search tactics. is done by performing a breadth-first search that considers all successor vertices of a given vertex first before expanding further. Then  , we navigate in a breadth-first search manner through this classification. Note that this approach enables to consider ontologies more expressive than RDFS  , e.g. , OWL2DL. Two cases have to be distinguished. Starting from the two entities e 1 and e 2 the intersection tree is built using breadth-first search. Starting from a random public user  , we iteratively built a mutual graph of users in a Breadth First Search BFS manner. 2014. b Matched loop segments will be included in LBA as breadth-first search will active the keyframes. The fixed keyframes are selected based on a common landmark. Then we do breadth first search from the virtual node. To be more specific  , we add a virtual node which connects to all known nodes. The CWB searches for subject keywords through a breadth-first search of the tree structure. Subject keywords are nouns and proper nouns from a title or subtitle. It downloads multiple pages typically 500 in parallel. Its default download strategy is to perform a breadth-first search of the web  , with the following three modifications: 1. This is done by querying DBpedia's SPARQL endpoint for concepts that have a relation with the given concept. we perform a breadth first search. Therefore Lye have the following result. We generate plans that minimize worst-case length by breadth-first AND/OR search Akella  11. However there is no finite bound on the length of the plan. Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. In both cases a uniform random distribution is used. For each node visited do the following. Traverse the measure graph starting at m visiting all finer measures using breadth-first search. We augmented this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method. We call this the root dataset. For parts with different push functions  , a breadth-first search planner can be used to find a sensorless plan when one exists. We cannot recognize the parts hlowever. In a breadth-first search approach the arrangement enumeration tree is explored in a top-bottom manner  , i.e. This information  , however  , is not available in DFS. Each of the initial seed SteamIDs was pushed onto an Amazon Simple Queue Service SQS queue. The crawling was executed via a distributed breadth first search. Stopping criterion. We augment this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method to identify the expanded dataset. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. Moreover  , breadth first search will find a shortest path  , whereas depth first makes no guarantees about the length of the counter example it will find. However  , if all violations go through a small set of nodes that are not encountered on the early selected paths or these nodes get stuck on the bottom of the worklist  , then it may be worse than breadth first search. In Section 3.6.1  , we show that breadthfirst search appears to be more efficient than depth-first search. We have chosen to search the LUB-tree hierarchy in a breadth-first manner  , as opposed to a depth-first search as in Quinlan 24 . If a crawl is started from a single seed  , then the order in which pages will be crawled tends to be similar to a breadth first search through the link graph 27 the crawl seldom follows pure breadth first order due to crawler requirements to obey politeness and robots restrictions . Discovery date. Although breadth-first search crawling seems to be a very natural crawling strategy  , not all of the crawlers we are familiar with employ it. Our results have practical implications to search engine companies. The experiments reported used a breadth first search till maximum depth 3 using the words falling in the synsets category. This affects the time spent in search for related candidates of a word not present in training data. We believe that crawling in breadthfirst search order provides the better tradeoff. On the other hand  , crawling in breadth-first search order provides a fairly good bias towards high quality pages without the computational cost. ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig. The differences between all strategies breadth-first  , random search  , and Pex's default search strategy were negligible. When looking at search result behaviour more broadly we see that what browsing does occur occurs within the first page of results. This reduced breadth of access is further evidence for the goaldriven behaviour seen in search. If all words in a title or subtitle are search keywords  , too many subject keywords will be generated. We have introduced a set of effective pruning properties and a breadth-first search strategy  , StatApriori  , which implements them. In this paper  , we have shown that its is possible to search all statistically significant rules in a reasonable time. In the first iteration  , only the reported invocations are considered  , starting with the most suspicious one working down to the least. We assume that a breadth-first search is performed over these top ranked invocations. These strategies typically optimize properties such as " deeper paths " in depth-first search  , " less-traveled paths " 35  , " number of new instructions covered " in breadth-first search  , or " paths specified by the programmer " 39. Existing DSE tools alleviate path explosion using search strategies and heuristics that guide the search toward interesting paths while pruning the search space. We have confirmed this expectation by running the MAY × MUST configuration with different exploration strategies on 20 methods for which exploration bounds were reached. This Figure 4: Use of case inheritance search travels upwards in the hierarchy  , i.e. , towards the roots. When determining the cases allowed for a given frame  , a breadth-first search of the case frame hierarchy collects the relevant cases. DFS may take very long to execute if it does not traverse the search space in the right direction. Depth Firat Search DFS and Breadth First Scorch BFS are examples of this class. This list is used by the predictor to perform a breadth first search of the possible concepts representing the input text. That partial structure is added as the first entry to the queue of partial structures. We perform the pose graph optimization first  , to make all poses metric consistent. It is in fact a similar hybrid reasoning engine which is a combination of forward reasoning breadth-first and backward reasoning depth-first search. This continues until there are no more transitions to be fired. During prediction  , we explore multiple paths  , depending on the prediction of the MetaLabeler  , using either depth-first or breadth-first search. A content-based MetaLabeler was built at each node in the taxonomy. A second dimension entails elaborating on line 3. Surprisingly  , they did not find any significant variation in the way users examine search results on large and small displays. Similarly to 23 they adopted taxonomy of three examination strategies: Depth-First  , Mixed  , Breadth-First. Because the expansion is breadth first  , the optimal trajectory will he the first one encountered that meets the desired uncertainty. For the fixed-uncertainty minimum-time optimization the search tree is expanded until the desired uncertainty is reached. Since large main memory size is available in Gigabytes  , current MFI mining uses depth first search to improve performance to find long patterns. But MaxMiner uses a breadth-first approach to limit the number of passes over the database. Although breadth-first search does not differentiate Web pages of different quality or different topics  , some researchers argued that breadth-first search also could be used to build domain-specific collections as long as only pages at most a fixed number of links away from the starting URLs or starting domains are collected e.g. , 18  , 21. All URLs in the current level will be visited in the order they are discovered before URLs in the next level are visited. This method assumes that pages near the starting URLs have a high chance of being relevant. Since the path down the tree is controlled by the nodes that are popped from the heap  , the search is neither a true depth.first nor a true breadth·first search of the hierarchy. They conducted two experiments to determine whether users engaged in a more exhaustive " breadth-first " search meaning that users will look over a number of the results before clicking any  , or a " depth-first " search. One other study used eye-tracking in online search to assess the manner in which users evaluate search results 18. For instance  , SAGE 28  uses a generational-search strategy in combination with simple heuristics  , such as flip count limits and constraint subsumption. Sine~ each node consists of only 24 bytes and the top-down search is closer to a depth-first search than a breadth-first search  , the amount of space required by the hierarchy n·odes is not excessive. The hierarchy nodes may be accessed more than once  , so they must be stored in separate locations. In our experience of applying Pex on real-world code bases  , we identify that Pex cannot explore the entire program due to exponential path-exploration space. Which branching points are flipped next depends on the chosen search strategy  , such as depth-first search DFS or breadth-first search BFS. In particular  , Pex flips some branching points from previous runs to generate test inputs for covering new paths. It is written in Java and is highly configurable. That is  , starting from the root pages of the selected sites we followed links in a breadth-first search  , up to 3 ,000 pages per site. In our experiment  , we crawled 3 ,000 pages at each site. After both connections are made  , we find a path in the roadmap between the two connection points using breadth-first search. If we still can't connect both nodes to the same connected component of the roadmap  , then we declare failure. In this case  , only one DFA in conjunction with a standard breadth first search is used to grow a single frontier of entities. A similar solution is used for single source path patterns. We will denote this approximate Katz measure as aKatz throughout the rest of the paper. We execute breadth-first-search from s up to k levels without visiting t  , while keeping track of all paths formed so far. Any objects that are reached during the traversal are considered live and added to the tempLive set. We construct a work list starting at persist.root so we can perform a breadth-first search of the object graph. To propagate the constraints on join variable bindings Property 2  , we walk over this tree from root to the leaves and backwards in breadth-first-search manner. Next  , we embed a tree on Gjvar discarding any cyclic edges. This module contains multiple threads that work in parallel to download Web documents in a breadth-first search order. The Spider module is responsible for collecting documents from the Web. We observed that the similarity scores for the neighbours often is either very close to one  , or slightly above zero. The corresponding histogram is shown in Fig. In order to sample the distribution of distances between nodes  , breadth first search trees were formed from a fraction of the nodes. By following the path with the minimum cost  , the robot is guided to the nearest accessible unknown region. The breadth-first search is begun simultaneously at all these locations. See Figure 11for an example plan. Sensorless plans  , which must bring all possible initial orientations to the same goal orientation  , are generated using breadth-first search in the space of representative actions. Since the MFI cardinality is not too large MafiaPP has almost the time as Mafia for high supports. The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. The former hierarchy is used to inherit cases  , the latter to compose synonym sets. The backward search can be illustrated in Figure 4by traversing the graphs in reverse in a breadth-first manner. For example  , assume that we want to check whether machine A can be in on in a stable state. This " 3 ,000 page window " was decided for practical reasons. The crawl was breadth-first and stopped after one million html pages had been fetched. The crawl occurred in January  , 2002 and was made to mimic the way a real search service of the .gov pages might make a crawl. The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. Our solution combines a data structure based on a partial lattice  , and memoization of intermediate solutions. The number of traversals is bounded by the total number of elements in the model and view at hand. Checking for missing connections is done by a breadth-first search of the connectors in the model. We used JPF's breadth-first search strategy  , as done for all systematic techniques in 28. We specified sequence length 10 this was greater than the length required to find all the Java errors from Figure 7. Recall that we must regenerate the paths between adjacent roadmap nodes since they are not stored with the roadmap. This task is efficiently performed by an optimized implementation of the Breadth-first search BFS strategy through MapReduce 3. In particular  , we index all the shortest paths starting from a source and ending with a sink. At running time we use the index to retrieve the paths whose sink node matches a keyword. An estimate of L was formed by averaging the paths in breadth first search trees over approximately 60 ,000 root nodes. From the 259 ,794 sites in the data set  , the leaf nodes were removed  , leaving 153 ,127 sites. This allowed us to perform bidirectional breadth first search to answer the connectivity question. For each URL present in the dataset  , the crawler saved the link structure following links both forward and backward for two hops. Even this crawl was very time consuming  , especially when the crawler came across highly linked pages with thousands of in-and out-links e.g. Link types extracted include straight HREF constructs  , area and image maps  , and Javascript constants. Links are explored from the starting page in breadth-first search using order of discovery for links at the same depth. Each term is mapped to a synset in WordNet and a breadth-first search along WordNet relations identifies related synsets. Word- Net is also used to expand terms with semantically similar concepts  , following an approach similar to 9. Interestingly  , we can perform sensorless orienting with shape uncertainty. We determine these paths by breadth-first search throughG. Given the initial and desired final configurations of the system  , the high level problem is how to get from the initial to the final equivalence region. Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . The main differences between Apriori and Eclat are how they traverse this tree and how they determine the counter values. Comparing the running times we observe that MaxMiner is the best method for this type of data. RBFS using h 0 = 0 behaves similarly to the breadth-first search. Heuristic function h 0 evaluates all nodes equally so it has no heuristic power and does not provide any guidance. Then  , starting from this seed set  , we use the following five strategies to select five different account sets with the same selection size of k from the dataset 5 : random search RAND  , breath-first search BFS  , depthfirst search DFS  , random combination of breadth-first and depth-first search RBDFS 6   , and CIA. In this experiment  , we start from the same seed set of N identified criminal accounts   , which are randomly selected from 2 ,060 identified criminal accounts. The existing thread has the additional topic node 413 which is about compression of inverted index for fast information retrieval. shows the result of the experiment after the second step of the breadth-first search. Each operation produces a temporary result which must be materialized and consumed by the next operation. A combination of these operators induces a breadth-first search traversal of the DBGraph. bring the two parts to distinguishable states. The crawl started from the Open Directory's 10 homepage and proceeded in a breadth-first manner. For the experiments in this paper  , our search engine indexed about 130 million pages  , crawled from the Web during March of 2004. Each of these subsets is identified using a breadth first search technique. In an object like a dimpled sphere such as a golf ball  , the concavity regions are disjoint sets of features. We choose the appropriate face vector field and cell vector field for the two cases as described in Section IV. The trajectory design problem is solved by performing a pyramid  , breadth-first search. In practice four to six iterations are sufficient to achieve a heading space resolution of less than one degree. The search then proceeds in a breadth-first fashion with a crawling that is not limited to URL domain or file size. The start point for the crawl is the home page of the target site. An efficient implementation can use a data structure like the tree shown in Figure 1to store the counters  Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . JPF is built around first  , breadth-first as well as heuristic search strategies to guide the model checker's search in cases where the stateexplosion problem is too severe 18. JPF is an explicit-state model checker that analyzes Java bytecode classes directly for deadlocks and assertion violations. Therefore  , to perform concolic testing we need to bound the number of iterations of testme if we perform depth-first search of the execution paths  , or we need to perform breadth-first search. Since the function testme runs in an infinite loop  , the number of distinct feasible execution paths is infinite. This simple but extremely flexible prioritization scheme includes as a special case the simpler strategies of breadth-first search i.e. , a queue and depth-first search i.e. , a stack. Simply by assigning a priority to each alternative   , the DBC can determine the order of evaluation of invocations  , achieving flexible evaluation order  , one of our major objectives. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? In both studies  , users were significantly more likely to engage in the depthfirst strategy  , clicking on a promising link before continuing to view other abstracts within the results set. Thus pipelined and setoriented strategies have similar complexity on a DBGraph. They may constitute part of more complex execution plans Thev89The temporal complexity of a depth-first search is OmaxCardX ,CardA while that of a breadth-first search is OCardA Gibb85 . On the other hand  , the depth-first search methods e.g. , PrefixSpan 14 and SPAM 1 grow long patterns from short ones by constructing projected databases. On one hand  , the breadth-first search methods e.g. , GSP 15 and SPADE 21 are based on the Apriori principle 5  and conduct level-by-level candidategeneration-and-tests . The search is guaranteed to halt since there are a finite number of equivalence classes and our search does not consider sequences with cycles. If a plan is found it is guaranteed to be the shortest because of the nature of breadth first search and if the search fails to find any solution then no solution exists for the part. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l The main difference is that the candidates for further expansion are managed in a queue instead of a stack. The error plateaus at the final level of the bounding hierarchy because a lower bound cannot be extracted until the level finishes. Non-promising URLs are put to the back of the queue where they rarely get a chance to be visited. The number of possible choices of values of c and s that concolic testing would consider in each iteration is 17. Abstractly we view a program as a guarded-transition systems and analyze transition sequences. We used depth-first search DFS as the basis for PRSS in this paper; we plan to explore the use of variants of breadth-first search in future work. An enumerative search strategy is first characterized by the choice of the next state to apply an action on  , performed by the setNextState method  , which determines in which way the states are investigated. Let's consider how the FI-combine see Figure 2 routine works  , where the frequency of an extension is tested. Thirdly  , the vertical format is more versatile in supporting various search strategies  , including breadth-first  , depth-first or some other  , hybrid search. For each top ranked search result  , they performed a limited breadth first search and found that searching to a distance of 4 resulted in the best performance. Vassilvitskii and Brill 6 used distance on the web graph to perform a reranking of search results given that relevant documents link to other relevant documents. For example  , the mean number of nodes accessed in the top-down search of the complete link hierarchy for the INSPEC collection is 873 requiring only 20 ,952 bytes of core. As indicated above  , there are basically two ways in which the search tree can be traversed We can use either a breadth first search and explicit subset tests Apriori or a depth first search and intersections of transaction lists Eclat. Furthermore  , the number of small SubStNCtureS 1 to 4 atoms can be enormous  , so that even storing only the topmost levels of the tree can require a prohibitively large amount of memory. The MSN Search crawler discovers new pages using a roughly breadth-first exploration policy  , and uses various importance estimates to schedule recrawling of already-discovered pages. These pages were collected during August 2004  , and were drawn arbitrarily from the full MSN Search crawl. Therefore   , pages crawled using such a policy may not follow a uniform random distribution; the MSN Search crawler is biased towards well-connected  , important  , and " high-quality " pages. The second tool  , Meta Spider  , has similar functionalities as the CI Spider  , but instead of performing breadth-first search on a particular website  , connects to different search engines on the Internet and integrates the results. A sample user session with CI Spider is shown in Figure 1. We make use of relations such as synonym  , hypernym  , hyponym  , holonym and meronym and restrict the search depth to a maximum of two relations. Our results explain their finding by showing that relevant documents are found within a distance of 5 or are as likely to be found as non-relevant documents. In this graph  , subsequent actions are connected  , and TransferReceive / TransferSend actions are additionally connected to each other's subsequent actions. During this search  , we check that the newly introduced transfer does not induce a cycle of robots waiting for each other by performing breadth first search on the graph formed by the robot's plans. Through several recent independent evaluations 17  , 6  , it is now well accepted that a prefix tree-based data set representation typically outperforms both the horizontal and the vertical data set representations for support counting. The itemset search space traversal strategy that is used is depth-first 18  , breadth-first 2  , or based on the pattern-growth methodology 22. The existing methods essentially differ in the data structures used to " index " the database to facilitate fast enumeration. The search can be performed in a breadth-first or depth-first manner  , starting with more general shorter sequences and extending them towards more specific longer ones. We iterate through every possible insertion point for the new pickup or delivery point in s plan   , and choose the plan of lowest cost. A node in the tree contains the set of orientations consistent with the push-align operations along the path to the node. Search procedure: To find an orienting plan  , we perform a breadth-first search of an AND/OR tree lS . The documents retrieved by the web browsers of focused crawlers are validated before they are stored in a repository or database. Focused crawlers  , in contrast to breadth-first crawlers used by search engines  , typically use an informed-search strategy and try to retrieve only those parts of the Web relevant to some given topic 1  , 5  , 9  , 15 . The experiments described in this paper demonstrate that a crawler that downloads pages in breadth-first search order discovers the highest quality pages during the early stages of the crawl. For example  , the Internet Archive crawler described in 3  does not perform a breadthfirst search of the entire web; instead  , it picks 64 hosts at a time and crawls these hosts in parallel. If a winning path exists  , then the path represents the search schedule for the two pursuers. In order to find a winning path  , it suffices to build the graph G and to perform breadth-first search beginning at a start and ending at a goal vertex. To guide the search  , we work backward from a unique final orientation toward a range of orientations of size 27r  , which corresponds to the full range of uncertainty in initial part orientation. After the push function is used to partition the space of push directions into equivalence classes  , we perform a breadth-first search of push combinations to find a fence design. Its first phase is a " crawler " or " spider " that automatically searches part of the Web for caption candidates  , given a starting page and the number of trailing domain words establishing locality so " www.nps.navy.mil 2 " indicates all " navy.mil " sites. The breadth-first search implies that density-connections with the minimum number of objects requiring the minimum number of region queries are detected first. In a non-split situation  , we stop as soon as all members of UpdSeedDel are found to be density-connected to each other. The preponderance of diagonal path lines is due to the search being 8-connected  , and being breadth-first. The waypoints marked on the image indicate equally spaced one-hour time increments  , with the exception of the first interval  , which is a half hour. Sequence mining is essentially an enumeration problem over the sub-sequence partial order looking for those sequences that are frequent. All experiments in this section use the breadth-first search strategy. Our J-Sim experiments build the OU T data structure from Figure 4 and write it to a file only for the first version  , and load the information for unmodified transitions from the file to the IN data structure for each subsequent version. Text is provided for convenience. It is the sort of crawl which might be used by a real .gov search service: breadth first  , stopped after the first million html pages and including the extracted plain text of an additional 250 ,000 non-html pages doc  , pdf and ps. We note that for every fixed query a node assignment requiring no calls to updateP ath always exists: simply label the nodes in order discovered by running breadth-first search from s. However  , there is no universally optimal assignment — different queries yield different optimum assignments. This means that we can start emitting results right away when we retrieve the first result from the index. Focused crawling  , on the other hand  , attempts to order the URLs that have been discovered to do a " best first " crawl  , rather than the search engine's " breadth-first " crawl. " Rather  , any and all newly discovered links are placed onto the crawl frontier to be downloaded when their turn comes. Generalised search engines that seek to cover as much proportion of the web as possible usually implement a breadth-first BRFS or depth-first A. Rauber et al. The visiting strategy of new web pages usually characterises the purpose of the system. MaxMiner also first uses dynamic reordering which reorder the tail items in the increasing order of their supports. MaxMiner 3 uses a breadth-first search and performs look-ahead pruning which prunes a whole tree if the head and tail together is frequent. The data set representation that is used is horizontal 2  , vertical 35  , or based on a prefix tree 22. In effect we find the last fence first and work upstream  , like a salmon. l A split situation is in general the more expensive case because theparts of the cluster to be split actually have to be discovered. For each public user  , we first counted the number of protected mutual neighbours as well as the ratio of protected to all mutual neighbours. The arrangement enumeration tree is created as described above  , using the set of operands defined in Section 2 and it is traversed using either breadth-first or depth-first search. In general  , on level : 1 is created by joining the nodes in -with those in   , 2 for every node   , is defined and then linked to . The effect of search pruning at all Rtree levels is that  , starting from the top level  , the two nodes  , one from each R-tree  , are only traversed for join computation if the MBRs of their parent nodes overlap . In 3  , search pruning is done by synchronously traversing the two input R-trees depth-first whereas in BFRJ it is achieved by synchronized breadth-first traversal of both R-trees. Tuplesn tionally  , a depth first search explores one path deeply  , and thus may find a violation quickly if it serendipitously picks nodes that lead to some violation. Instead  , we can set parameters which we term the window's breadth and depth  , named analogously to breadth-first and depth-first search  , which control the number of toponyms in the window and the number of interpretations examined for each toponym in the window  , respectively. we consider all possible combinations of resolutions for these toponyms  , this results in about 3·10 17 possibilities  , an astonishingly large number for this relatively small portion of text  , which is far too many to check in a reasonable time. Otherwise  , the planner identifies the set of " boundary conditions " for the search  , namely:  The search for a sequence of regrasp operations proceeds by forward chaining from the set of initial gpg triples performing an evaluated breadth-first search in the space of compatible gpg triples. If there exists at least one non-empty intersection the pick-and-place operation can be performed with a single grasp corresponding to a gripper configuration of the non-empty intersection. Beam-search is a form of breadth-first search  , bounded both in width W and depth D. We use parameters D = 4 to find descriptions involving at most 4 conjunctions  , and W = 10 to use only the best 10 hypotheses for refinement in the next level. The quality of such rules is expressed with a confidence-intervalP with P = .95  , and the employed search strategy is beamsearchW  ,D. To seed our crawler  , we generated 100 ,000 random SteamIDs within the key space 64-bit identifiers with a common prefix that reduced the ID space to less than 10 9 possible IDs  , of which 6 ,445 matched configured profiles. In this graph  , vetexes and edges represent nodes and links respectively. Considering each mashup as a path  , we found that about 80% of 4100 existing mashup depth was no more than 3  , so we decided to make the depth level of the breadth-first-search be 3. A recent study of Twitter as a whole  , gathered by breadth-first search  , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 13. The accurate celebrity subgraph has a total of 835  , 117  , 954  , or about 835 million  , directed edges in it which is actually a non-negligible fraction of edges in Twitter's social graph. In this implementation the transitive closure of the digraph G T is based on a breadth first search through G T . This module computes the classification of an OWL 2 QL TBox T by adopting the technique described in Section 3. The sequence of retrieved documents displayed to the user is ordered by the number of edges from the entry point document. Additional documents are then retrieved by following the edges from the starting point in the order of a breadth first search. However  , after a large number of Web pages are fetched  , breadth-first search starts to lose its focus and introduces a lot of noise into the final collection. Instead of traversing the BVTT as a strictly depthfirst or breadth-first search JC98  , we use a priority queue to schedule which of the pending tests to perform next. Limiting the queue size limits the worst case storage requirements and performance of the al- gorithm. Since the planner performs breadth-first search in the space of representative actions  , the planner is complete if the computed action ranges are accurate. Given a nominal part shape with bounded shape uncertainty  , does the planner always return an orienting plan when one exists and indicate failure when no plan exists ? The initial collection was created for day 1 using a Breadth-First crawl that retrieved MAX IN INDEX = 100  , 000 pages from the Web starting from the bookmark URLs. We simulated 5 days of the search engine-crawler system at work. Using a 4000-node subgraph summarized in Table 3  , we generated 1633185 candidate edges. We developed an application  , ljclipper  , to restrict the overall friends graph to that induced by a subset of nodes of fixed number  , found using breadth-first search starting from a given seed. the largest subset of nodes such that any node within it can be reached from any other node following directed links  , contained 64 ,826 sites. When the FM is traversed using the breadth-first search BFS  , the edges in the FPN are generated according to relations between features in the FM and the weights on edges are computed  Lines 4∼5. Then E N i ,j  and W i ,j  are initialized Lines 2∼3. After the completion of breadth first search  , there are no unknown nodes and each node has a location area. Once we meet an unknown node  , we use its known neighbour nodes to compute its location area as described above and then turn it to a known node. In many cases  , simple crawlers follow a breadth-first search strategy  , starting from the root of a website homepage and traversing all URLs in the order in which they were found. Today  , Web Crawling is the standard method for retrieving and refreshing document collections 8 within WMSs as opposed to searching  , see 12. The rightmost thread contains the discussion in hypertext system in the late 80's such as hypertext system implementation Topic 166 and 224 and formal defintion of hypertext system using petrinet Topic 232. The CWB computes the similarity-degrees of the title and/or subtitles through a breadth-first search because the title and subtitles are within a nested structure. Searching for a similar title and/or similar subtitles in the compared Web site. As the crawl progresses  , the quality of the downloaded pages deteriorates. So  , instead of trying to find the optimal allocation we do the allocation by using the heuristic of traversing the tree in a breadth first-BF search order: l We have shown that finding an overall optimal allocation scheme for our cuboid tree is NP-hard DANR96 . Once it has been established that a high level path exists  , the lower level trajectory planning problem for each equivalence region node is to determine the trajectory which the cone must follow to reorient the part. Path planning for individual modules uses a breadth-first search starting at the end of the tail. At this point  , the chain is also moved to the tail  , starting at the extreme module e S of the slice and ending at the root lines 10–12. A candidate path is located when an entity from the forward frontier matches an entity from the reverse frontier. This enables to compute the representation of all concepts such that any pair of concepts sharing a common ancestor in the concept hierarchy will share a common prefix in their representation corresponding to this common ancestor. Once a goal state is reached we have a sequence of desired relative push angles which we know will uniquely reorient a part regardless of its initial orientation because that initial orientation must be in the range of The goal of the breadth first search then is to arrive at a current state p   , such that lpgl = 27r. We use the push function to find equivalence classes of actions-action ranges with the same effect. In our implementation  , we use breadth-first search in the space of representative actions to find the shortest sequence of fence rotations to orient the part. Our approtach to solve the regrasp problem is as follows: We generate and evaluate possible grasp classes of an object and its stable placements on a table; the regrasping problem is then solved by an evaluated breadth-first search in a space where we represent all compatible sequences of regrasp operations. Otherwise  , these constraints require that at least one regrasp operation must be performed. This procedure is then applied to all URLs extracted from newly downloaded pages. To address the issue of intolerance to false positives  , we consider only the top ten ranked method invocations reported in the diagnosis reports; the rest is ignored. In order to follow the edges in one direction in time  , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. To discover a topic evolution graph from a seed topic  , we apply a breadth-first search starting from the seed node but only following the edges that lead to topic nodes earlier in time. Our initial examination revealed that the allocated users IDs are very evenly distributed across the ID space. Capturing LCC Structure: To capture the connectivity structure of the Largest Connected Component LCC  , we use a few high-degree users as starting seeds and crawl the structure using a breadth-first search BFS strategy. Recently  , Microsoft Academic Search released their paper URLs and by crawling the first 7.58 million  , we have collected 2.2 million documents 4 . Third  , we import paper collections from other repositories such as arXiv and PubMed to incorporate papers from a breadth of disciplines. A lattice is defined over generated word sets for formulae  , and a breadth-first search starting from the query formula set is used to find similar formulae. convert operator trees to a bag of 'words' representing individual arguments and operator-argument triples 15. The graph pattern included in a SPARQL query is converted into a composition of such iterators  , according to a created query plan. That is  , for each node a set of SPARQL query patterns is generated following the rules depicted in Table 3w.r.t. This breadth-first search visits each node and generates several possible triple patterns based on the number of annotations and the POS-tag itself. The next step is to choose a set of cuboids that can be computed concurrently within the memory constraints . So  , instead of trying to find the optimal allocation we do the allocation by using the heuristic of traversing the tree in a breadth first-BF search order: l Clearly these computations can be done in time 0  m  once the minimum free radii have been calculated. We assign priority to the pending BVTT visits according to the distance: the closest pending BV pair is given a higher priority and visited next. The search is breadth-first and proceeds by popping a node from the head of OPEN list and generating the set of child nodes for the constituent states steps 1-4. If a node has a single state it is labeled solved. Search engines conduct breadth first scans of the site  , generating many requests in short duration. The Keynote robot can generate a request multiple times a minute  , 24 hours a day  , 7 days a week  , skewing the statistics about the number of sessions  , page hits  , and exit pages last page at each session. An estimate of the total number of edges by the present authors suggests there are around 7 billion edges in the present social graph. For each instance of the iterator created for a path pattern  , two DFAs are constructed. These pages contain 17 ,672 ,011 ,890 hyperlinks after eliminating duplicate hyperlinks embedded in the same web page  , which refer to a total of 2 ,897 ,671 ,002 URLs. Our web graph is based on a web crawl that was conducted in a breadth-first-search fashion  , and successfully retrieved 463 ,685 ,607 HTML pages. PD-Live does a breadth-first search from the document a user is currently looking at to select a candidate set of documents. Citation links and other similarity measures form a directed graph with documents as the nodes and similarity relationships as the edges. For clarity of exposition  , the database operations introduced in Section 3 have been described in a setoriented way  , independent of their integration in a query execution plan. Specifically   , we collected the previous Amazon reviews of each reviewer in the root dataset and the Amazon product pages those reviews were associated with. The topological map stores only relative information in edges while the metric map contains location of nodes with respect to the specified origin. The sensor-based planner performs breadth-first AND/OR search to generate sensor-based orienting plans for parts with shape uncertainty. Given a nominal part shape  , radius values of the center of mass and vertex uncertainty circles  , and maximum sensor noise  , they return a plan when they can find one and indicate failure otherwise. The sensorless planner uses breadth-first search to find sensorless orienting plans. For the parts in Figure 14  , going from top to bottom  , left to right  , the sensor-based planner took an average of 0.192 secs  , 1.870 secs  , 0.756 secs  , 0.262 secs  , 0.262 secs  , 0.224 secs  , and 0.188 secs respectively on a SPARC ELC. Using the enumeration tree as shown in Figure 2  , we can describe recent approaches to the problem of mining MFI. A simple breadth-first search is quite effective in discovering the topic evolution graphs for a seed topic Figure 4and Figure 5a. In this subsection  , rather than focusing on finding the single best parameter values  , we explore the parameter space and present multiple examples of graphs obtained with varying parameter values. show informative evolutionary structure  , carrying concrete information about the corpus that are sometimes previously unknown to us. We initially clone the live object set to know what it was set to before we begin walking the object graph. At every jvar-node  , we take intersection of bindings generated by its adjacent tp-nodes and after the intersection  , drop the triples from tp-node Bit- Mats as a result of the dropped bindings. They found that crawling in a breadth-first search order tends to discover high-quality pages early on in the crawl  , which was applied when the authors downloaded the experimental data set. 20 studied different crawling strategies and their impact on page quality. OVERLAP does the allocation using a heuristic of traversing the search tree in a breadth-first order  , giving priority to cuboids with smaller partition sizes  , and cuboids with longer attribute lists. For other cuboids  , only a single page of memory can be allocated -these cuboids are said to be in the " SortRun " state. The entry point can be directly provided by the user by selecting a document icon  , or determined by the system as the document that best matches the query. If the action ranges are overly conservative  , the planner may not find a solution even when one exists. Our evaluation is based on two data sets: a large web graph and a substantial set of queries with associated results  , some of which were labeled by human judges. Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. As desired by the user the list can be reduced to terminal authors. To detect deadlocks or paths to be folded we scan graph C with the BFS Breadth-First-Search algo­ rithm. and Next to the folding we introduce operations that re­ move from the systerl1 the vehicles that can visit all the vertices of their mission vectors. Unlike the simple crawlers behind most general search engines which collect any reachable Web pages in breadth-first order  , focused crawlers try to " predict " whether or not a target URL is pointing to a relevant and high-quality Web page before actually fetching the page. Focused crawlers are programs designed to selectively retrieve Web pages relevant to a specific domain for the use of domainspecific search engines and digital libraries. In addition  , focused crawlers visit URLs in an optimal order such that URLs pointing to relevant and high-quality Web pages are visited first  , and URLs that point to low-quality or irrelevant pages are never visited. Since the position bias can be easily incorporated into click models with the depth-first assumption  , most existing click models 4  , 11  , 13 follow this assumption and assume that the user examines search results in a top-to-bottom fashion. The breadth-first strategy  , however  , draws a different picture: a user will look ahead at a series of results before clicking on the favorite results among them. The subgraph returned by BFS usually contains less vertices in the target community than the subgraph of the same size obtained by random walk technique. It is worthwhile noting that other expansion methods such as breadth-first-search BFS would entirely ignore the bottleneck defining the community and rapidly mix with the entire graph before a significant fraction of vertices in the community have been reached. If the similarity-degree of a title and/or subtitles is higher than the threshold ­  , the title and/or subtitles are regarded a similar title and/or similar subtitles  , and the contents of the title and subtitles are considered similar contents. The use of the succ-tup and succ-val* primitives defines a traversal of the DBGraph following a breadth-first search EFS strategy Sedg84  , as follows : The transitive closure operation is performed by simply traversing links  , Furthermore testing the termination condition is greatly simplified by marking. The resulting operation  , called SIKC val*v ,R.k  , delivers and marks all non marked tuple ve&es connected to the value v by one edge valued by R.k. One possible source of this difference is that the crawling policies that gave rise to each data set were very different; the DS2 crawl considered page quality as an important factor in which pages to select; the DS1 crawl was a simpler breadth-first-search crawl with politeness. The DS1 and DS2 curves differ significantly: DS2 contains about twice as many documents which contain no popular shingles at all. If the target community exists for the seed set  , then according to 6  , this target community would serve as a bottleneck for the probability to be spread out. Before searching for a regrasp sequence  , the regrasp planner checks if the pick-and-place operation can be achieved within a single grasp. The division of the planning into ofRine and online computation with as much a priori knowledge as possible used for the offline computation turns out to be an efficient and powerful concept  , operating online in connection with the evaluated breadth-first search in the space of compatible regrasp operations. Two gpg triples Gi  ,  ,Pj  ,  ,Gkl sumes less than 5.0 sec CPU time on a SPARC station 5. The unions D:=DuAD and AD':=AD'usucc~val*v'  , R.1 can be efficiently implemented by a concatenation since marking the tuples avoid duplicate generation. To capture the full semantics of an input question  , HAWK traverses the predicated-argument tree in a pre-order walk to reflect the empirical observation that i related information are situated close to each other in the tree and ii information are more restrictive from left to right. Starting from this seed set  , we performed a breadth-first crawl traversing friendship links aiming to discover the largest connected component of the social graph. To initiate the crawl  , we used the search facilities on PornHub to retrieve all users from the 60 largest cities within and the 48 largest cities outside of the USA based on population  , giving us a seed set of 102k users. This figure suggests that breadth-first search crawling is fairly immune to the type of self-endorsement described above: although the size of the graph induced by the full crawl is about 60% larger than the graph induced by the 28 day crawl  , the longer crawl replaced only about 25% of the " hot " pages discovered during the first 28 days  , irrespective of the size of the " hot " set. The overlap continues in the 60- 80% range through the extent of the entire 28 day data set. the node that has the shortest average path to all the other nodes in Λ pred and to perform a breadth-first-search from this node in G pred subgraph of G containing only the nodes in Λ pred and their interconnects to create a tree of information spread and to use the leaves of that tree as the newly activated nodes. The first  , rather naive approach we implemented to predict Ξ pred was to select the most central node in set Λ pred ; i.e. Some connectivity-based metrics  , such as Kleinberg's al- gorithm 8  , consider only remote links  , that is  , links between pages on different hosts. In addition to the standard language features of Java  , JPF uses a special class Verify that allows users to annotate their programs so as to 1 express non-deterministic choice with methods Verify.randomn and Verify.randomBool  , 2 truncate the search of the state-space with method Verify.ignoreIfcondition when the condition becomes true  , and 3 indicate the start and end of a block of code that the model checker should treat as one atomic statement and not interleave its execution with any other threads with methods Verify.beginAtomic and Verify.endAtomic. Our experiments revealed that the influentials identified using this method have poor performance which led us to identify the next method of prediction. If the edges of a lockdown graph are weighted by the number of images constituting the part of the segment between the two lockdown points or more appropriately  , the sub-nodes on which the two lockdown points lie  , choosing the smallest-sized cycle basis will reduce computational cost in computing HHT to a small extent. In our work we use a simple breadth-first-search routine  , modified along the suggestions in 3  , to find a cycle basis for graphs that are allowed to have multiple self-edges and multiple edges between vertices. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. This model is then converted into a vector representation as mentioned above. The general interest model captures the user's interests in terms of categories e.g. , museums  , landmarks  , and galleries. The general interest model for user 814 is shown as a word cloud and a table in Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. This full range results naturally from the fact that our user models allow the interest elements to have weights from -1 to +1 to represent the full spectrum of interest intensities from hate to love. The cosine similarity metric based on the vector space model has been widely used for comparing similarity between search query and document in the information retrieval literature Salton et al. , 1975. Given that news is separated into eight topics  , 16 interest profiles exist in a single user model. Thus  , each profile can express specific and general user interests  , respectively. General English words are likely to have similar distributions in both language models I and A. Here  , we treat the AQUAINT corpus as a unigram language model of general English 15   , A  , and the Interest Corpus as a unigram language model consisting of topic specific terms and general English terms  , I. The performance of Human Interest Model and Soft Pattern Bigram Model for each entity type can be seen in Figure 2 . These categories conform to TREC's general division of question topics into 4 main entity types 13 . A large η tends to make the interest-related language model more discriminative because more general words are generated from the background model. where η is the probability weight that a word wi in C t is generated from the general background model. However given the same set of web-based information  , the Human Interest Model consistently outperforms the soft-pattern model for all four entity types. In general  , it is harder to locate a single web article that describes an event or a general object. We assume that words in C t are generated either from a model θU which represents users' collective topical interest or from a general background model θB. can be clustered into two groups  , words closely related to a specific query topic and general background words. One reason for this result could be that our general prediction model does not depend upon " clientside " data  , such as activity on SERPs and content pages  , which was unavailable  , whereas the task-specific prediction models depend upon such data. It is of some interest that our " general " prediction model led to better performance improvement than out taskspecific models. Our interest is less in developing or arguing for any particular measures than in using them to explore hypotheses about model-based measures in general. the NCU family 16. The generated hypotheses are then passed to the verifier. Since it is difficult  , in general  , to decide which junction belongs to the scene object of interest  , we matched all 21 features with the corresponding model ones. The most common representation of feature models is through FODA-style feature diagrams 3  , 4  , 5 . In general  , a feature model 3  , 4  , 5  , 6  , 7  , 8 is a description of the relevant characteristics of some entity of interest. The primary contribution of this work is increased understanding of effectiveness measures based on explicit user models. Though we use RBP and DCG as motivators  , our interest is not specifically in them but in model-based measures in general. Figure 1' which are acquired through repeated exposures t o the particular sounds of interest. The general architecture of our model-based a p proach to source separation is outlined in Figure 1. With this model  , we can reduce the effects of background words and learn a model which better captures words concentrating around users' collective interests. This means the personalized models do not have the opportunity to promote results of low general interest i.e. , outside of the top n  , but of high interest to the current user  , into the top-ranked results. Once a model is learned  , a common strategy for the application of personalization is to rerank the top-n results 3  , 9. Typically  , not all features of feature model My are of interest for the composition with feature model Mx . To introduce our general concept of feature-model compositionality   , we assume that two feature models Mx and My are composed to M x /y = Mx M C My . In this way  , one could estimate a general user vocabulary model  , that describes the searcher's active and passive language use in more than just term frequencies. Assuming an industrial setting  , long-term attention models that include the searcher's general interest in addition to the current session context can be expected to become powerful tools for a wide number of inference tasks. To do this  , we leveraged users' search trails for the two-month period from March to April 2009 inclusive referred to hereafter as   , and constructed historic interest models   , for all user-query pairs. Therefore  , to estimate the novelty of the information provided by each trail source  , we first had to construct a model of each user's general interest in the query topic based on historic data. The rationale underlying such a decomposition of the original action model into two probabilistic models  , the preference and the item action model  , is two folds. where we assume that a the preference is independent of the next card given the context and b the item action model is independent of the context given the item of interest to the user  , both of which are very reasonable in general. In particular  , a latent random variable x is associated with each word  , acts as a switch to determine whether the word is generated from the distribution of background model  , breaking news  , posts from social friends or user's intrinsic interest. The proposed model has a similar general structure to the author-topic model  , but with additional machinery to handle the distribution of breaking news  , friends' timeline and background words respectively. For check-in behavior  , the time-ordered check-in history of an individual corresponds to her action sequence in our general model. The online check-ins contain abundant information of users' physical movements in daily lives  , e.g. , the point-of-interest POI indicates the geo-location and activity category  , while the timestamp reveals the chronological order. No instance information is captured in a view diagram besides that in the form of assertions. In general  , the model allows the user to start with the entity types of interest  , describe each entity type with a nested list of attribute types and build any number of levels of association types. Internally  , the framework builds up a microscopic representation of the system based on these observations as well as on a list of interactions of interest specified by the user. The general idea of our approach is that we observe or simulate an existing system  , and the model is built based on the observations i.e. , trajectories collected during these experiments or simulations . We lean towards the latter explanation  , and with this work we hope to provide a framework within which to test it. This generalized vocabulary covers a common abstraction of the data models we consider to be of general interest for the QA community. On top of a standard annotation framework  , the Web Annotation Data Model WADM 6   , the qa vocabulary is defined. In general  , OBIE systems use ontologies to model domain knowledge for a special area of interest. The authors clarify the importance of OBIE approaches  , as they describe such systems as a bridging technology which combines text understanding systems and IE systems. To make this causal claim we need to lay down a behavioral model of clicking that describes why the targeted group is more prone to click on an advertisement than the general population of users. Can we attribute the residual lift to interest in the brand or category ? Although a kinematic model gives a good description of the camera's movement for general applications  , it is useful to consider the unstabilized components in motion due to the change of operating conditions  , external disturbances  , etc. The parameters of interest are then estimated recursively 9  , 101. In that sense  , we have presented a new framework for integrating external predicates into Datalog. Note that the model is sufficiently general in the sense that the expressions can be extended to operate on any new schematic information that may be of interest. This crucial benefit of graphs recently led to an emerging interest in graph based data mining 7. Graphs  , which are in fact one of the most general forms of data representation   , are able to represent not only the values of an entity  , but can be used to explicitly model structural relations that may exist between different parts of an object 5 ,6. This is sufficiently general to describe in rigorous terms the events of interest  , and can be used to describe in homogeneous terms much of the existing work on testing. In Section 2 we define our basic concepts and our model of program execution and testing. The term object type is used to stand for either an entity type or an association type. In order to get a better perspective of how well the Human Interest Model performs for different types of topics  , we manually divided the TREC 2005 topics into four broad categories of PER- SON  , ORGANIZATION  , THING and EVENT as listed in Table  3 . The next step in sophistication is to have a template that can model more general transformations than the simple template  , such as affine distortion. The main difficulty of this approach is feature skew  , where the template slowly stops tracking the feature of interest and creeps onto another feature. Thus we have 21 scene features for hypothesis generation  , 10 of which are valid features of PRISM5. one of our long-term research goals to find a general model which transforms raw image data directly into " ac-tion values " . Fortunately  , sensor images are often observed in a local context: the complete situation is not of particular interest and a subspace containing all necessary information for determining the action values can be found. For example  , what is new topic-related information for one individual may not be new information for another. In this paper  , we presented an optimal control a p proach to generating paths for robots  , extended our contact model to apply generally rather than specifically  , and discussed the derivatives that the general contact model in conjunction with the optimal control a p proach require. An intelligent way to connect the pieces of motion generated with this approach is also an area of interest for our ongoing research. The ongoing expansion in the availability of electronic news material provides immediate access to many diaeerent perspectives on the same news stories. In the conventional model these news packages have a number of common features: the contents are decided by the editor and the contributing writers  , the coverage of stories represents a national or sometimes regional perspective  , and the depth of coverage of an individual story is determined by the editors' judgment of the general readership's interest in it. In particular  , m represents the average number of times each user of the group viewed this page pair. When the page pair is present in the DSN that is  , at least two users viewed these pages together in some sessions  , the model includes the group information through l and m. While l provides an idea about the general user interest in a page pair across all the groups in the DSN  , m shows the popularity of a page pair in a certain group. Of particular interest are open questions related to the introduction of police-based data placement in an information integration system. Related to the heterogeneity of information integration are open questions about the transactional semantics of operations across federated data sources  , synchronized backup and recovery  , a uniform privacy and security model across a multitude of systems  , as well as general query and operational performance aspects in the presence of huge data volumes and increasing numbers of data sources. This also reflects that apps tend to go through a series of revisions before being generally favorable; after which the subsequent versions show a decline in general interest  , and this suggests the peripheral nature of the subsequent revisions. We observe that our approach favors the current version i.e. , the one that was downloaded by the target users the most  , thereby indicating that our VSR model effectively targets the version of an app that maximizes its chances of being acquired by the target user. Cases for which both models yield a rather poor account typically correspond to memes that are characterized by either a single burst of popularity or by sequences of such bursts usually due to rekindled interest after news reports in other media. 6 indicates that even in pathological cases where χ 2 tests and D KL measures signal a low quality fit  , the log-normal model still provides an acceptable description of the general behavior of the meme. At least as serious  , the single existing set of relevance judgements we know of is extremely limited; this means that evaluating music- IR systems according to the Cranfield model that is standard in the text-IR world…is impossible  , and no one has even proposed a realistic alternative to the Cranfield approach for music. To put things in perspective  , music IR is still a very immature field.. For example  , to our knowledge  , no survey of user needs has ever been done the results of the European Union's HARMONICA project are of some interest  , but they focused on general needs of music libraries. News has traditionally been delivered in pre-packaged forms originally in newspapers   , which h a ve subsequently been joined by radio and television broadcasts  , and most recently by internet news services. Our unsupervised scoring function is based on 3 main observations. However  , because we are exploiting highly relevant documents returned by a search engine  , we observe that even our unsupervised scoring function produces high quality results as shown in Section 5. The performance also varies depending on the choice of scoring function. Accordingly  , the performance of NEXAS is largely determined by that of the underlying search engine. Rather  , it uses the scoring function of the search engine used to rank the search results. Our method does not require any labeled training data. The second source of phrase data is iVia's PhraseRate keyphrase assignment engine 13. The remaining phrases are then sorted  , and the ten highest-scoring phrases are returned. This last point is important since typically search engine builders wish to keep their scoring function secret because it is one of the things that differentiates them from other sources. We believe that our results can guide implementors of search engines  , making it clear what scoring functions may make it hard for a client meta-broker to merge information properly  , and making it clear how much the meta-broker needs to know about the scoring function. We begin with the usual assumption that for each query  , there is a scoring function that assigns a score to each document  , so that the documents with the highest scores are the most relevant. Table entries are set according to the scoring model of the search engine; thus  , At ,d is the score of document d for term t. These probabilities can be induced from the scoring function of the search engine. The above measure of pD depends on our knowledge of the relevance probability of every document in the set to the query. For the search backend  , Apache Lucene 14 is a search engine library with support for full text search via a fairly expressive query language   , extensible scoring  , and high performance indexing. typeahead.js 4 and Bootstrap 3. Lucene then compared to Juru  , the home-brewed search engine used by the group in previous TREC conferences. Lucene's scoring function was modified to include better document length normalization  , and a better term-weight setting following to the SMART model. Effectiveness in these notional applications is modeled by the task metrics. Alternatively   , a search engine might choose to display the top-scoring tweets in rank order regardless of time. Thus similar titles will appear approximately in the same column  , with the better scoring titles towards the top. Vertical position is controlled by the relevance score assigned by the search engine. 15 propose an alternative approach called rank-based relevance scoring in which they collect a mapping from songs to a large corpus of webpages by querying a search engine e.g. , Google with song  , album and artist names. Knees et al. SP and SP* select a specification page using our scoring function in Section 3.2; SP selects a page from the top 30 results provided by Google search engine  , while SP* selects a page from 10 ,000 pages randomly selected from the local web repository . Google outputs the top results of the Google search engine. It is the same engine that was used for previous TREC participations e.g. The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. For each document identifier passed to the Snippet Engine   , the engine must generate text  , preferably containing query terms  , that attempts to summarize that document. In order to avoid bias towards any particular scoring mechanism  , we compare sentence quality later in the paper using the individual components of the score  , rather than an arbitrary combination of the components. At the meta-broker end  , we believe that our results can also be helpful in the design of the target scoring function  , and in distinguishing cases where merging results is meaningful and cases where it is not. This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function  , and thus within this toleration factor  , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary. Intuitively  , this definition captures the notion that since a search engine generates a ranking of documents by scoring them according to various criteria  , the scores used for ranking may only accurately resolve document relevance to within some toleration . An important feature of this is that the tf·idf scores are calculated only on the terms within the index  , so that anchortext terms are kept separate from terms in the document itself. We use a query engine that implements a variation on the INQUERY 1 tf·idf scoring function to extract an ordered list of results from each of the three indices. We note that when sufficient training data is available  , existing techniques for learning ranking functions can be leveraged. Since the prototype did not include a general search engine  , the best interface with such systems is unknown. Evaluation of the scoring mechanisms understanding why appropriate sentences received lower scores than higher ranked sentences and understanding the contribution of the individual mechanisms will also likely lead to improvements. The answer passage retrieval component is fully unsupervised and relies on some scoring model to retrieve most relevant answer passages for a given question. The architecture of our system is rather simple as displayed in Figure 4 : given a question Q  , a search engine retrieves a list of passages ranked by their relevancy. Additional opportunities include allowing wildcards to match subexpressions rather than single symbols  , implementing additional query functionality in the engine  , incorporating textual features and context 24  , and integrating Tangent-3 with keyword search. Retrieval effectiveness can be improved through changes to the SLT  , unification models  , and the MSS function and scoring vector. In particular  , dynamic pruning strategies aim to avoid the scoring of postings for documents that cannot make the top K retrieved set. cannot degrade retrieval effectiveness to a given rank K – and use docid sorted posting lists  , as deployed by at least one major search engine 12. In the future  , we would like to find ways to overcome this problem and thus further improve top ranked precision of AQR based results. Since difficult queries mislead the scoring function of the search engine to associate high scores to irrelevant documents  , our computation of relevance probability is also faulty in this case. Elastic Search 1 is a search server based on Lucene that provides the ability to quickly build scalable search engines. In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results  , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. The noise in the content may create errors while doing document retrieval thus drastically reducing the precision of retrieval. In response to a query  , each of the three indices returns zero or more results. Our formula search engine is an integral part of Chem X Seer  , a digital library for chemistry and embeds the formula search into document search by query rewrite and expansion Figure 1. Finally  , we describe relevance scoring functions corresponding to the types of queries. IBM Haifa This year  , the experiments of IBM Haifa were focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine. Based on the 149 topics of the Terabyte tracks  , the results of modified Lucene significantly outperform the original Lucene and are comparable to Juru's results. The main goal was to bring Lucene's ranking function to the same level as the state-of-the-art ranking formulas like those traditionally used by TREC participants. An end-user application resembling Twitter's current search interface might apply a threshold on the tweet retrieval score and only show tweets above some threshold in chronological order. To improve the efficiency of such a deployment  , a dynamic pruning strategy such as Wand 1 could easily be used  , which omits the scoring of documents that cannot reach the top K retrieved set. A search engine deploying learning to rank techniques reranks the top K documents retrieved by a standard weighting model  , known as the sample 3  , as shown in Figure 1. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. The parameters of the document language models are estimated by interpolating relative frequency of occurrence of the term w in the document D with the relative frequency of occurrence in the document collection C. Relevance is determined by the underlying text search engine based on the common scoring metric of term frequency inverse document frequency. Stories are represented as a thumbnail image along with a score thermometer  , a relevance bar to the left of each thumbnail  , with stories listed in relevance order. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. To gauge the effectiveness of our system compared to other similar systems  , we developed a version of our tagging suggestion engine that was integrated with the raw  , uncompressed tag data and did not use the case-evaluator for scoring  , aside from counting frequency of occurrence in the result set. A keyword search engine like Lucene has OR-semantics by default i.e. , passages matching at least one query word is eligible for scoring but encourages AND-semantics i.e. , passages which match all/most query words get priority. Selectors can be used in two places: to pad the initial keyword query  , and to rerank the candidate passages. Therefore  , the classification ends up scoring Shannon less similar to himself than to Monica probably due to high diversity of her sample images  as well as to Kobe Bryant Table 1. He has a large footprint on the Web  , however the top images returned by the search engine are replicas of the same few shots. To evaluate the performance of the ranking functions  , we blended 200 documents selected by the cheap scoring function into the base-line set. To form a base-line set of top documents  , we collected the top 20 results for 5000 queries from a commercial search engine . In our experiments we insist that each response contains all selectors  , and use Lucene's OR over other question words. A quick scan of the thumbnails locates an answer: 4 musicians shown  , which the user could confirm took place in Singapore by showing and playing the story. Our experiments this year for the TREC 1-Million Queries Track focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine 4. Equation 1 describes the default Lucene score for a document d with respect to a query q: Several papers 12 13 report that proximity scoring is effective when the query consists of multiple words. When a phrase query is submitted   , the search engine accesses inverted lists of each word that forms the phrase to identify documents that contain those words in the order and offset specified. – Textual baseline: we indexed the raw text by adopting the standard Lucene library customized with the scoring formula described in Sect. 17 For comparison  , on KE4IR website we make available for download an instance of SOLR a popular search engine based on Lucene indexing the same document collection used in our evaluation  , and we report on its performances on the test queries. For example   , a classical content-based recommendation engine takes the text from the descriptions of all the items that user has browsed or bought and learns a model usually a binary target function: "recommend or "not recommend". Although content-based systems also use the words in the descriptions of the items  , they traditionally use those words to learn one scoring function. Out of these posts  , 1.9M posts are tagged with an average of 1.75 tags per post. We were able to improve Lucene's search quality as measured for TREC data by 1 adding phrase expansion and proximity scoring to the query  , 2 better choice of document length normalization  , and 3 normalizing tf values by document's average term frequency. We started by measuring Lucene's out of the box search quality for TREC data and found that it is significantly inferior to other search engines that participate in TREC  , and in particular comparing to our search engine Juru. Finally  , for each set of results the only the the highest scoring 1000 tweets were used by RRF to combine results and only the top 1000 results from each run were submitted to NIST for evaluation. If this was not done then Wumpus would attempt to look for tweets containing exactly the topic phrase and this is not generally a desirable behaviour for a search engine. In the rank scoring metric  , method G-Click has a significant p < 0.01 23.37% improvement over method WEB and P-Click method have a significant p < 0.01 23.68% improvement over method WEB. This means users have small variance on these queries  , and the search engine has done well for these queries  , while on the queries with click entropy≥2.5  , the result is disparate: both P-Click and G-Click methods make exciting performance. A page was said to include an attribute-value pair only when a correspondence between the attribute and its value could be visually recognized as on the left side of Figure 1. When a user enters a freetext query string  , the corpus of webpages is ranked using an IR approach and then the mapping from webpages back to songs is used to retrieve relevant songs. The goal of this scoring is to optimize the degree to which the asker and the answerer feel kinship and trust  , arising from their sense of connection and similarity  , and meet each other's expectations for conversational behavior in the interaction. Connectedness: Second  , the Routing Engine scores each user according to the degree to which she herself — as a person  , independently of her topical expertise — is a good " match " for the asker for this information query. The G-Click method  , which gets the best performance for these queries  , has only a nonsignificant 0.37% improvement over WEB methods in rank scoring metric. If no such context information is at hand  , there is still another option: the search engine may present the results of the best scoring segmentation to the user and offer the second best segmentation in a " Did you mean " manner. For instance  , if the user stems from London  , reads " The Times " and is a passionate folk-dancer  , this might make the alternative segmentation times " square dance " preferable. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large  , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. As an example  , a state-of-the-art IR definition for a singleattribute scoring function Score is as follows 17: Specifically  , the score that we assign to a joining tree of tuples T for a query Q relies on:  Single-attribute IR-style relevance scores Scorea i   , Q for each textual attribute a i ∈ T and query Q  , as determined by an IR engine at the RDBMS  , and  A function Combine  , which combines the singleattribute scores into a final score for T . Unlike previous work  , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. Deep learning structures are well formulated to describe instinct semantic representations. Deep learning with bottom-up transfer DL+BT: A deep learning approach with five-layer CAES and one fully connected layer. 7. Deep learning with no transfer DL 14: A deep learning approach with five convolutional layers and three fully connected layers. However  , using deep learning for temporal recommendation has not yet been extensively studied. Using deep learning approaches for recommendation systems has recently received many attentions 20  , 21  , 22. When further integrating transfer learning to deep learning  , DL+TT  , DL+BT and DL+FT achieve better performance than the DL approach. This shows stronger learning and generalization abilities of deep learning than the hand-crafted features. In this paper  , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. Our approach provides a novel point of view to Wikipedia quality classification. Deep learning is an emerging research field today and  , to our knowledge  , our work is the first one that applied deep learning for assessing quality of Wikipedia articles. Besides  , the idea of deep learning has motivated researchers to use powerful generative models with deep architectures to learn better discriminative models 21. 1a and 1b. 42 proposed deep learning approach modeling source code. White et al. By adopting cross-domain learning ideas  , DTL 28 and GFK 10 were superior to the Tag ranking  , but were inferior to the deep learning-based approach DL. Our learning to rank method is based on a deep learning model for advanced text representations using distributional word embeddings . Wang & Manning  , 2010 35 develop a probabilistic Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. 23 took advantage of learning deep belief nets to classify facial action units in realistic face images. Susskind et al. The relation between deep learning and emotion is given in Sect. Section 3 describes human and robot emotion. Recent developments in representation learning deep learning 5 have enabled the scalable learning of such models. Thus  , vector representations of words appearing in similar contexts will be close to each other. We use a variation of these models 28  to learn word vector representation word embeddings that we track across time. We consider MV-DNN as a general Deep learning approach in the multi-view learning setup. In literature  , multi-view learning is a well-studied area which learns from data that do not share common feature space 27. Many researchers recognize that even exams tend to evaluate surface learning   , and that deep learning is not something that would surface until long after a course has finished 5 . However  , measuring learning is very difficult to do reliably in practice. We propose the DL2R system based on three novel insights: 1 the integration of multidimension of ranking evidences  , 2 context-based query reformulations with ranked lists fusion  , and 3 deep learning framework for the conversational task. Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. We conducted personal photo tagging on 7 ,000 real personal photos and personal photo search on the MIT-Adobe FiveK photo dataset. Additionally  , we report the results from a recent deep learning system in 38 that has established the new state-of-the-art results in the same setting. We report the results of our deep learning model on the TRAIN and TRAIN-ALL sets also when additional word overlap features are used. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. Together with the self-learning knowledge base  , NRE makes a deep injection possible. Allamanis and Sutton 3 trains n-gram language model a giga-token source code corpus. When dealing with small amounts of labelled data  , starting from pre-trained word embeddings is a large step towards successfully training an accurate deep learning system. First  , was the existing state of the art  , Flat-COTE  , significantly better than current deep learning approaches for TSC ? We set out to address two questions. Second  , we propose reducing the visual appearance gap by applying deep learning techniques. Furthermore  , the correlations between different concepts have not been fully exploited in previous research. On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. This challenge can deteriorate the performance of the hand-crafted feature-based approaches. Some of them are deep cost of learning and large size of action-state space. However there are some significant problems in applying it to real robot tasks. Then  , we learn the combinations of different modalities by multi kernel learning. Next we give details of how deep learning techniques such as convolution and stacking can be used to obtain hierarchical representations of the different modalities. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos  , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. Section 2 describes related work. for which the discontinuities only remain for the case of deep penetrations. Comparison of Machine Learning methods for training sets of decreasing size. However  , despite its impressive performance Flat-COTE has certain deficiencies. We demonstrate that Flat-COTE is significantly better than both deep learning approaches. We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. We explain the work about question answering from database or knowledge base using deep learning in which only question answer pairs and the database or knowledge base are used in construction of the system 4  , 28  , 38  , 41  , 1  , 43  , 42 We introduce the recent progress in image retrieval using deep learning in which only images and their associated texts questions are used as training data 15  , 14  , 17  , 36  , 24  , 23. If an injection succeeds  , it serves as an example of the IKM learning from experience and eventually producing a valid set of values. 27 empirically showed that having more queries but shallow documents performed better than having less queries but deep documents. Query Selection for Learning to Rank: For query level active learning  , Yilmaz et al. From the experimental results   , we can see that SAE model outperforms other machine learning methods. Next  , we describe our deep learning model and describe our experiments. In the following  , we give a problem formulation and provide a brief overview of learning to rank approaches. Word2Vec 6 provides vector representation of words by using deep learning. Therefore  , we used only the MeSH-CD indexing strategy and the Metamap strategy for building the queries. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. Moreover  , our created lexicon outperforms the competitive counterpart on emotion classification task. scoring  , and ranked list fusion. Therefore   , all these heterogeneous ranking evidences are integrated together through the proposed Deep Learning-to-Respond schema. However  , there are some significant problems in applying it to them. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications  , e.g. , learning to rank for Microblog retrieval and answer reranking for Question Answering. Thus  , our solution successfully combines together two traditionally important aspects of IR: unsupervised learning of text representations word embeddings from neural language model and learning on weakly supervised data. Our work is taking advantage of deep models to extract robust facial features and translate them to recognize facial emotions. Viola and Jones 20  , 21 In recent years  , deep learning arouses academia and industrial attentions due to its magic in computer vision. In our work we propose a novel deep learning approach extended from the Deep Structured Semantic Models DSSM 9 to map users and items to a shared semantic space and recommend items that have maximum similarity with users in the mapped space. With these abundantly available user online activities   , recommending relevant items can be achieved more efficiently and effectively. In this paper we address the aforementioned challenges through a novel Deep Tensor for Probabilistic Recommendation DTPR method. It would be interesting to adopt deep learning in one or more of the tensor modes and assess its effectiveness on tensor completion. The instance learning method presented in the paper has been experimentally evaluated on a dataset of 100 Deep Web Pages randomly selected from most known Deep Web Sites. It is noteworthy that versions of MDR and ViNTs available on the Web allow for performing only data record extraction. Table 1reports the precision  , recall and F-measure calculated for the proposed method. In addition  , a comparison between a state-of-the-art BoVW approach and our deep multi-label CNN was performed on the publicly available  , fully annotated NUSWIDE scene dataset 7 . The models were trained and fine-tuned using the deep learning framework Caffe 12. learn to extract a meaningful representation for each review text for different products using a deep learning approach in an unsupervised fashion 9. More similar to our work  , Bengio et al. Deep learning with full transfer DL+FT i.e. , bottom-up and top-down transfer: The same architecture and training set as DL+BT except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. 8.  We introduce a deep learning model for prediction. We introduce a set of novel features to characterize user behaviors and task repetition patterns for this new problem Section 4.3. For each of the features  , we describe our motivation and the method used for extraction below. In this work  , we consider five such features namely gist  , texture  , color  , gradient and deep learning features. The mentorship dataset is collected from 16 famous universities such as Carnegie Mellon and Stanford in the field of computer science. The proposed deep learning model was applied to the data collected from the Academic Genealogy Wiki project. In this paper  , we propose a " deep learning-to-respond " framework for open-domain conversation systems. Therefore  , capturing and integrating as much information as possible in a proper way is important for conversation systems. Given a query with context  , the proposed model would return a response—which has the highest overall merged ranking score F. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema.  Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. The ARC approach is a CNN based method with convolutionary layers which construct sentence representations and produce the final matching scores via a MLP layer 7. The short-term history of the user was then used to recommend specific news articles within the selected groups. It yielded semantically accurate results and well-localized segmentation maps. We presented a deep learning methodology for human part segmentation that uses refinements based on a stack of upconvolutional layers. In this experiment  , the magazine page detection time is measured for four scenarios with all 4 types of features. In addition  , deep learning technologies can be implemented in further research. Deep learning has recently been proposed for building recommendation systems for both collaborative and content based approaches. Recently  , ranking based objective function has shown to be more effective in giving better recommendation as shown in 11. In Sections 4 and 5  , we introduce the detailed mechanisms of contextual query reformulation and the deep learning-to-respond architecture. In Section 3  , we describe the task modeling and proposed framework for conversation systems. We also consider recently published results on 44 datasets from a TSC-specific CNN implemen- tation 18. However  , the current state of the art is confirmed to be Flat-COTE and our next objective is to evaluate whether HIVE-COTE is a significant improvement. It demonstrates promise  , and warrants further investigation of deep learning applications to TSC. First  , we have designed an ontology specific for personal photos from 10 ,000 active users in Flickr. To address the above issues  , we present a novel transfer deep learning approach with ontology priors to tag personal photos. Deep learning with top-down transfer DL+TT: The same architecture and training set as DL except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. 6. Our model also outperforms a deep learning based model while avoiding the problem of having to retrain embeddings on every iteration. Character ngrams alone fare very well in these noisy data sets. This ranking based objective has shown to be better for recommendation systems 9. Our deep learning model has a ranking based objective which aims at ranking positive examples items that users like higher than negative examples. We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques  , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . It is given by To assess the effectiveness and generality of our deep learning model for text matching  , we apply it on tweet reranking task. Our setup replicates the experiments in 27 to allow for comparing to their model. The framework can integrate other information such as reviewer's information  , product information  , etc. This work is a first step towards learning deep semantics of review content using skip-thought vectors in review rating prediction. The learned representations can be used in realizing the tasks  , with often enhanced performance . We first point out when we apply deep learning to the problems  , we in fact learn representations of natural language in the problems. In the second phase  , we trained the DNN model on the training set by using tensorflow 8   , the deep learning library from Google. Therefore  , we have a dataset of 30 ,000 same length vectors. We randomly select 80% nodes as the training set and the rest as the testing set. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 40 . Research in 978-1-4799-5569-5/14/$31.00 c 2014 IEEE. For each type of metrics  , there are also some speed-up techniques that can be used to enhance the system such as integral image. As mentioned earlier weather data has many specific characteristics which depend on time and spatial location. Thus higher resolution data with large number of training instances should be used in deep learning. Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding. Our research builds on summarization systems by identifying core concepts that are central ideas in a scientific domain. On the second task  , our model demonstrates that previous state-of-the-art retrieval systems can benefit from using our deep learning model. Our model shows a considerable improvement on the first task beating recent stateof-the-art system. This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. Code is available at https://github.com/li-xirong/hierse Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 11. We use the output of FC7  , the second fully-connected layer  , which results in a feature vector of length F = 4096. We implement a CNN using a common framework and conduct experiments on 85 datasets. Our work seeks to address two questions: first  , is Flat-COTE more accurate than deep learning approaches for TSC ? Here we adopted an approach similar to 46  , but with a topic model that enhances submission correctness and provides a self-learning knowledge expansion model. These crawlers are referred to as " deep crawlers " 10 or " hidden crawlers " 29 34 46. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema. For continuous conversations  , contexts can be used to optimize the response selection for the given query. Gradients can be back-propagated all the way back from merging  , ranking  , sentence pairing  , to individual sentence modeling. Given a human-issued message as the query  , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. In this paper  , we propose to establish an automatic conversation system between humans and computers. We believe that having an explicit symbolic representation is an advantage to vector-based models like deep learning because of direct interpretability . Therefore   , we are going to use the JoBimText framework 5  to create symbolic conceptualizations . Another future line of research will be performing human part segmentation in videos while exploiting the temporal context. A widely used method for traffic speed prediction is the autoregressive integrated moving average ARIMA model 1. Moreover  , our study sheds light on how to learn road segment importance from deep learning models. In this paper  , we proposed a novel deep learning method called eRCNN for traffic speed prediction of high accuracy. In particular  , we illustrate how to explore the congestion sources from eRCNN. All of our code and data is available from a public code repository and accompanying website 2 . Consequently we decided to instead identify evidence of 'critical thinking' by capturing the transcripts of the students' communication events and by interviewing them on their perceptions of the benefits of the technologies. We explain methods that can be used for learning the representations in matching 22  , 10  , 37  , translation 33  , 6  , 2  , 8  , classification 13  , 16  , 44  , and structured prediction 7  , 34  , 5. While our model allows for learning the word embeddings directly for a given task  , we keep the word matrix parameter W W W static. We choose the dimensionality of our word embeddings to be 50 to be on the line with the deep learning model of 38. We propose several effective and scalable dimensionality reduction techniques that reduce the dimension to a reasonable size without the loss of much information. One challenge in using deep learning to model rich user features is the high dimension of the feature space which makes the learning inefficient and may impact the generalization ability of the model. This section explains our deep learning model for reranking short text pairs. In the following  , we first describe our sentence model for mapping queries and documents to their intermediate representations and then describe how they can be used for learning semantic matching between input query-document pairs. In this paper  , we present a novel framework for learning term weights using distributed representations of words from the deep learning literature. Word vectors may also be useful for identifying terms that should be the focus of query expansion or terms that would be good expansion terms. Instead of relying solely on the anomalous features and extracting them greedily  , we have used deep learning approach of learning and subsequently reducing the feature set. This calls for feature reduction or feature extraction from the original set of features  , before going into classification. Recent  , deep learning has shown its success in feature learning for many computer vision problem  , You et al. 2014 assume that the images belong to the same sentiment share the same low-level visual features is often not true  , because positive and negative images may have similar low-level visual features  , e.g. , two black-white images contain smiling and sad faces respectively. The research goal of the project is to test the hypothesis that this deep customization can lead to dramatic improvements in teaching and learning. Customization support is done at the level of individual learning concepts and progressions  , not just at the level of broad course topics. We motivate the framework by adopting the word vectors to represent terms and further to represent the query due to the ability to represent things semantically of word vectors. The characteristics of requiring very little engineering by hand makes it easily discover interesting patterns from large-scale social media data. The key aspect of deep learning is that it automatically learns features from raw data using a generalpurpose learning procedure  , instead of designing features by human engineers6 .  Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. Unsupervised hashing: Cross-View Hashing CVH 6 13 and Inter-Media Hashing IMH 4 20  are unsupervised hashing methods that extend spectral hashing to exploit the local structure of multimodal data for learning binary codes. The method is based on: i a novel positional document object model that represents both spatial and visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of Web browser in rendered Deep Web pages; ii a novel visual similarity measure that exploit the rectangular cardinal relation spatial model for computing visual similarity between nodes of the PDOM. In this paper has been presented a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages.  Supervised hashing: Cross-Modal Similarity-Sensitive Hashing CMSSH 6 5  , Semantic Correlation Maximization SCM 28   , and Quantized Correlation Hashing QCH are supervised hashing methods which embed multimodal data into a common Hamming space using supervised metric learning. Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. The model consists of several components: a Deep Semantic Structured Model DSSM 11 to model user static interests; two LSTM-based temporal models to capture daily and weekly user temporal patterns; and an LSTM temporal model to capture global user interests. Specifically  , in this work  , we propose a multi-rate temporal deep learning model that jointly optimizes long-term and short-term user interests to improve the recommendation quality. DL + FT achieved the best Tag ranking DTL GFK DLFlickr DL DL+TT DL+BT DL+FT DL+withinDomain Figure 7: The top-N error rates of different approaches for tagging personal photos and an ideal performance obtained by training and testing on ImageNet denoted as DL+withinDomain. Specifically   , in our data sets with News  , Apps and Movie/TV logs  , instead of building separate models for each of the domain that naively maps the user features to item features within the domain  , we build a novel multi-view model that discovers a single mapping for user features in the latent space such that it is jointly optimized with features of items from all domains. We found that though our method gives results that are quite similar to the baseline case when prediction is done in 6 h before the event  , it gives significantly better performance when prediction is done 24 h and 48 h before the events. In this work we have explored a machine learning technique namely deep learning with SAE to learn and represent weather features and use them to predict extreme rainfall events. While the problemtailored heuristics and the search-oriented heuristics require deep knowledge on the problem characteristics to design problem-solving procedures or to specify the search space  , the learning-based heuristics try t o automatically capture the search control knowledge or the common features of good solutions t o solve the given problem. According t o the design methodology  , the heuristics for the MSP can be classified into problemtailored heuristics  13  , search-oriented heuristics 7   , arid learning-based heuristics a . This paper focuses on the development of a learning-based heuristic for the MSP. Deep learning approaches generalize the distributional word matching problem to matching sentences and take it one step further by learning the optimal sentence representations for a given task. Recently  , it has been shown that the problem of semantic text matching can be efficiently tackled using distributional word matching   , where a large number of lexical semantic resources are used for matching questions with a candidate answer 33. On the other  , although ImageNet 6 can provide accurate supervised information  , the two significant gaps  , i.e. , the semantic distribution and visual appearance gaps between the two domains pose grand challenges to personal photo tagging. The main contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this paper is one of the first attempts to design a domain-specific ontology for personal photos and solve the tagging problem by transfer deep learning. This has certain advantages like a very fast training procedure that can be applied to massive amounts of data  , as well as a better understanding of the model compared to increasingly popular deep learning architectures e.g. , He et al. Our model is primarily based on simple empirical statistics acquired from a training dataset and relies on a very small number of learned parameters. It also addresses the user cold start problem effectively since the model allows us to capture user interests from queries and recommend related items say music even if they do not have any history on using music services. We also showed how to extend this framework to combine data from different domains to further improve the recommendation quality. In this work  , we presented a general recommendation framework that uses deep learning to match rich user features to items features. Despite the fact that most of the evaluation in this paper used proprietary data  , the framework should be able to generalize to other data sources without much additional effort as shown in Section 9 using a small public data set. As a pilot study  , we believe that this work has opened a new door to recommendation systems using deep learning from multiple data sources. To understand the content of the ad creative from a visual perspective  , we tag the ad image with the Flickr machine tags  , 17 namely deep-learning based computer vision classifiers that automatically recognize the objects depicted in a picture a person  , or a flower. Image. Similar to our work  , to predict CTR for display ads  , 4 and 23 propose to exploit a set of hand-crafted image and motion features and deep learning based visual features  , respectively . In our work  , we go beyond text-only features  , using visual features extracted from the ad creative image. Traditional Aesthetic Predictor: What if existing aesthetic frameworks were general enough to assess crowdsourced beauty ? For each picture in our ground truth  , we query the MIT popularity API 8   , a recently proposed framework that automatically predicts image popularity scores in terms of normalized view count score given visual cues  , such as colors and deep learning features Khosla  , Das Sarma  , and Hamid 2014. We create a huge conversational dataset from Web  , and the crawled data are stored as an atomic unit of natural conversations: an utterance  , namely a posting  , and its reply. Till now  , we have validated that deep learning structures  , contextual reformulations and integrations of multi-dimensions of ranking evidences are effective. Since conversations are open with more than one appropriate responses  , MAP and nDCG scores indicate the full capacity of the retrieval systems. To give deep insights into the proposed model  , we illustrate these two aspects by using intuitive examples in detail. Specially  , learning semantic representations of review content using skipthought vectors and filling in missing values of aspect ratings show advantages on improving the accuracy of rating prediction. Experimental results show that high-quality representation of review content and complete aspect ratings play important roles in improving prediction accuracy. At the same time it is not possible to tune the word embeddings on the training set  , as it will overfit due to the small number of the query-tweet pairs available for training. This has a negative impact on the performance of our deep learning model since around 40% of the word vectors are randomly initialized. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos  , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. In order to scale the system up  , we propose several dimensionality reduction techniques to reduce the number of features in the user view. In practice  , the proposed deep learning approach often needs to handle a huge amount of training examples in high dimensional feature spaces for the user view. Experiments on several large-scale real-world data sets indicated that the proposed approach worked much better than other systems by large margin. Given that the image features we consider are based on a state-ofthe-art deep learning library  , it is interesting to compare the performance of image-related features with a similar signal derived from the crowd. Further adding information about the crowd-indicated category gives us an extremely accurate model with an accuracy of 0.88. Data augmentation  , in our context  , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. To compute the similarity score we use an approach used in the deep learning model of 38  , which recently established new state-of-the-art results on answer sentence selection task. However  , our model uses it only to generate intermediate representation of input sentences for computing their similarity. We model the mixedscript features jointly in a deep-learning architecture in such a way that they can be compared in a low-dimensional abstract space. We propose a principled solution to handle the mixedscript term matching and spelling variation where the terms across the scripts are modelled jointly. We thus aim to apply an automatic feature engineering approach from deep learning in future works to automatically generate the correct ranking function. So far  , our experiments reveal that the mere finding of the right features for this endeavor remains a challenging problem. Moreover  , we aim to integrate HAWK in domain-specific information systems where the more specialized context will most probably lead to higher F-measures. The proposed approach is founded on: In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. With the recent success in many research areas 1   , deep learning techniques have attracted increasing attention. However  , these hand-crafted descriptors are designed for general tasks to capture fixed visual patterns by pre-defined feature types and are not suitable for detecting some middle-level features that are shared and meaningful across two specific domains. In contrast to 9  , which is applied to text applications  , we need to handle the high-dimensional problem of images  , which results in more difficulties. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. The DNN ranker  , serving as the core of " deep learning-to-rank " schema  , models the relation between two sentences query versus context/posting/reply. Moreover   , different reformulations can capture different aspects of background information; their resulting ranked lists are further merged by a novel formula  , in which we consider the relatedness between the reformulated queries with context and the original one. The proposed method can find the equivalents of the query term across the scripts; the original query is then expanded using the thus found equivalents. In this work  , we propose a deep learning approach with a SAE model for mining advisor-advisee relationships. In the future work  , we will apply our proposed model to the whole DBLP digital library to obtain a large-scale mentorship data set  , which will enable us to study the interesting application such as mentor recommendation. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. Even though NLP components are still being improved by emerging techniques like deep learning  , the quality of existing components is sufficient to work on the semantic level – one level of abstraction up from surface text. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. Their power of reasoning depends on the expressivity of such representation: an ontology provided with complex TBox axioms can act as a valuable support for the representation and the evaluation of a deep knowledge about the domain it represents. In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. So they exploit partially visual cues created by Web designers in order to help human users to make sense of Web pages contents. In general  , for facial expression recognition system  , there are three basic parts:  Face detection: Most of face detection methods can detect only frontal and near-frontal views of the fount. We demonstrate that the standard approach is no better than dynamic time warping  , and both are significantly less accurate than the current state of the art. 1 We evaluate two deep learning solutions for TSC: a standard CNN and a bespoke CNN for TSC. Specifically  , this paper has the following contributions:  We develop a supervised classification methodology with NLP features to outperform a deep learning approach . In this paper we aim to develop a state-of-the-art method for detecting abusive language in user comments  , while also addressing the above deficiencies in the field. The high efficiency ensures an immediate response  , and thus the transfer deep learning approach with two modes can be adopted as a prototype model for real-time mobile applications  , such as photo tagging and event summarization on mobile devices. For tagging with batch-mode  , it took three seconds for a photo collection of 200 photos 800*600 pixels . Accomplishing all this in a small project would be impossible if the team were building everything from scratch. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 15  , hence selecting educational resources that address these concepts is a critical task in supporting learners. Emerging new OCR approaches based on deep learning would certainly profit from the large set of training data. Even if not all occurrences are used for training  , the large number of glyph examples  , sorted by quality  , makes it easier for OCR engineers to compose a good training set. Additionally  , we note that a catalog of occurrences of glyphs can in itself be interesting  , for example to date or attribute printed works 2. More recently  , Wang and Wang 10  used deep leaning techniques which perform feature learning from audio signals and music recommendation in a unified framework. For example  , Logan 6  vestigated Mel-frequency Cepstral Coefficients MFCCs as acoustic features and utilized Earth-Mover's distance to measure the similarity between songs for recommendation. Finally  , many systems work with distributed vector representations for words and RDF triples and use various deep learning techniques for answer selection 10  , 31. Another approach to generate more training data is to automatically convert RDF triples to questions using entity and predicate names 10. In all of these works  , external resources are used to train a lexicon for matching questions to particular KB queries. However  , their model operates only on unigram or bigrams  , while our architecture learns to extract and compose n-grams of higher degrees  , thus allowing for capturing longer range dependencies. We present a joint NMF method which incorporates crowdbased emotion labels on articles and generates topic-specific factor matrices for building emotion lexicons via compositional semantics. In recent years  , alongside the enhancement of ASR technologies with deep learning 17  , various studies suggested advanced methods for voice search ASR and reported further performance enhancements. 27 discussed the interleaving of ASR with IR systems and suggested to combine acoustic and semantic models to enhance performance. There is actually a series of variants of DL2R model with different components and different context utilization strategies. However   , while the word embeddings obtained at the previous step should already capture important syntactic and semantic aspects of the words they represent  , they are completely clueless about their sentiment behaviour. We are going to create JoBimText models 30 and extend those to interconnected graphs  , where we introduce new semantic relations between the nodes. A person can observe the existence and configuration of another persons body directly  , however all aspects of other people's minds must be inferred from observing their behaviour together with other information. One of the challenges in studying an agent's understanding of others is that observed phenomena like behaviours can sometimes be explained as simple stimulus-response learning  , rather than requiring deep understanding. Instance learning approaches exploit regularities available in Deep Web pages in terms of DOM structures for detecting data records and their data items. The method proposed in this paper is completely automatic and no manual effort is required to the user. The previous study in 8 seeks to discover hidden schema model for query interfaces on deep Web. To the best of our knowledge  , no research has yet adequately addressed the problem of learning a global attribute schema from the Web for entities of a given entity type. Recent IE systems have addressed scalability with weakly supervised methods and bootstrap learning techniques. As a result  , top performing systems in TREC e.g. , 21  focus on " deep " parsing of sentences and the production of logical representations of text in contrast with the lighter weight techniques used by KNOWITALL. Our techniques highlight the importance of low-level computer vision features and demonstrate the power of certain semantic features extracted using deep learning. We contrast our prediction technique that leverages social cues and image content features with simpler methods that leverage color spaces  , intensity  , and simple contextual metrics. In particular  , by training a neural language model 8  on millions of Wikipedia documents  , the authors first construct a semantic space where semantically close words are mapped to similar vector representations. In a related work 3  , a deep learning based semantic embedding method is proposed. This is due to a very large number of misspellings and words occurring only once hence they are filted by the word2vec tool. The learning component uses a data-driven and model-free approach for training the recurrent neural net  , which becomes an embedded part of a hybrid control scheme effective during execution. Configuration of the system can be achieved by users without deep robotics knowledge  , using kinesthetic teaching to gather training data intrinsically containing constraints given by the environment or required by the intended task. All three demonstrated they understood the difference between accidental and intentional acts. In this study  , we want to learn the weather attributes which are mainly in the form of real numbered values and thus have chosen stacked auto-encoder architecture of deep learning for the purpose. This approach is also known as the greedy layerwise unsupervised pre-training. To summarize  , the contributions in this work are: 1 use rich user features to build a general-purpose recommendation system  , 2 propose a deep learning approach for content-based recommendation systems and study different techniques to scale-up the system  , 3 introduce the novel Multi-View Deep learning model to build recommendation systems by combining data sets from multiple domains  , 4 address the user cold start issue which is not well-studied in literature by leveraging the semantic feature mapping learnt from the multi-view DNN model  , and 5 perform rigorous experiments using four real-world large-scale data set and show the effectiveness of the proposed system over the state-of-the-art methods by a significantly large margin. Alternative solutions to this challenging problem were explored using a " Figure 1: Example of a PMR query and its relevant technote like " competition  , where several different research and development teams within IBM have explored various retrieval approaches including those that employ both state-of-theart and novel QA  , NLP  , deep-learning and learning-to-rank techniques. In order for find a relevant solution  , the system needs to search over multiple combinations of PMR problem aspects and technical document and find the best matches. For each of the detectable objects  , the Flickr classifiers output a confidence score corresponding to the probability that the object is represented in the image. It breaks the task at hand into the following components: 1. a tensor construction stage of building user-item-tag correlation; 2. a tensor decomposition stage learning factors for each component mode; 3. a stage of tensor completion  , which computes the creativity value of tag pairs; and 4. a recommender stage that ranks the candidate items according to both precision and creative consideration . Hence  , in this paper we adopt a simple pointwise method to reranking and focus on modelling a rich representation of query-document pairs using deep learning approaches which is described next. Most often  , producing a better representation ψ that encodes various aspects of similarity between the input querydocument pairs plays a far more important role in training an accurate reranker than choosing between different ranking approaches. The deep learning features outperform other features for the one-per-user and user-mix settings but not the user-specific setting. On exploring the columns individually in Table 1   , we notice that the color histogram alone gives a fairly low rank correlation ranging between 0.12 and 0.23 across the three datasets  , but texture  , and gradient features perform significantly better improving the performance ranges to 0.20 to 0.32 and 0.26 to 0.34 respectively. This result indicates that IdeaKeeper scaffoldings assisted students to focus on more important work than less salient activities in online inquiry. The students who only used the digital libraries were more involved in activities such as conducting information searches  , skimming a website to locate a piece of specific information  , and copying information from the websites—activities that provide less opportunities for deep learning to occur than the high-level cognitive activities performed by the IdeaKeeper students 5. Even though  , in general  , changing the goal may lead to substantial modifications in the basins of attraction  , the expectation is that problems successfully dealt with in their first occurrence difficult cases reported for RPP are traps and deep local minima A general framework for learning in path planning has been proposed by Chen 8. Additional regions could be found  , along with additional paths connecting them.  We investigate the relative importance of individual features  , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image  , another where each user has several thousand images  , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. Copyrights for third-party components of this work must be honored. In this paper  , we propose a deep learning based advisor-advisee relationships 1 http://genealogy.math.ndsu.nodak.edu/index.php 2 http://academictree.org/ 3 http://phdtree.org/ Permission to make digital or hard copies of part or all of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. In this case  , we assume that user's preferences are composed of two components: the long-term preference which reflects the fairly stable interests of the users based on their online activities; and the temporal interests which represents the users' current immanent need/interests. Table 4 shows that even by just using the user preferences among categories together with crowd-derived category information   , we can obtain an accuracy of 0.85 compared with 0.77 for Image+User features  , suggesting that crowdsourced image categorisation is more powerful than current image recognition and classification technology. 3 In this paper we propose a machine learning method that takes as input an ontology matching task consisting of two ontologies and a set of configurations and uses matching task profiling to automatically select the configuration that optimizes matching effectiveness. For example   , LOD ontologies vary widely; they can be very small at the schema level  , shallow  , and poorly axiomatized such as GeoNames  , 1 large with medium depth and medium axiomatization such as in DBpedia  , 2 or large  , deep  , and richly axiomatized such as Yago. Recommendation systems and content personalization play increasingly important role in modern online web services. We then review the basic DSSM model and discuss how it could be extended for our setting in Section 4; in Section 5  , we introduce the multi-view deep learning model in details and discuss its advantages ; in Section 6  , we discuss the dimension reduction methods to scale-up the model; in Section 7  , 8  , 9 & 10  , we present a comprehensive empirical study; we finally conclude in Section 11 and suggest several future work. In this framework  , a slow  , globally effective planner is invoked when a fast but less effective planner fails  , and significant subgoal configurations found are remembered t o enhance future success chances of the fast planner. The rest of this paper is organized as following  , first we review major approaches in recommendation systems including papers that focus on the cold start problem in Section 2; in Section 3  , we describe the data sets we work with and detail the type of features we use to model the user and the items in each domain  , respectively. Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. GGGP is an extension of genetic programming. The term "Genetic Programming" was first introduced by Koza 12 and it enables a computer to do useful things by automatic programming. The proposed approach provides the generation of the error recovery logic using a method called Genetic Programming GP. However  , whether the balance can be achieved by genetic programming used by GenProg has still been unknown so far. Compared to random search  , genetic programming used by GenProg can be regard as efficient only when the benefit in terms of early finding a valid patches with fewer number of patch trials  , brought by genetic programming  , has the ability of balancing the cost of fitness evaluations  , caused by genetic programming itself. The problems all shared a common set of primitives. We used strongly typed genetic programming Finally  , GGGP was applied to create reference models. The core of this engine is a machine learning technique called Genetic Programming GP. 10. Given a problem  , the basic idea behind genetic programming 18 is to generate increasingly better solutions of the given problem by applying a number of genetic operators to the current population . As we have formalized link specifications as trees  , we can use Genetic Programming GP to solve the problem of finding the most appropriate complex link specification for a given pair of knowledge bases. For simplification  , we can measure the efficiency of GenProg using the NTCE when a valid patch is found 39. Communication fitness for controller of Figure  93503 for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. In Section 2  , we provide background information on term-weighting components and genetic programming. This paper is organized as follows. l   , who used genetic programming to evolve control programs for modular robots consisting of sliding-style modules 2  , 81. al. Several program repair approaches assume the existence of program specification. We have compared our technique with genetic programming 2  , 6. First  , the initial population is generated  , and then genetic operators  , such as Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. One of the key problems of genetic programming is that it is a nondeterministic procedure. Genetic operators simulate natural selection mechanisms such as mutation and reproduction to enable the creation of individuals that best abide by a given fitness function. These primitives were d e signed to aid genetic programming in finding a solution and either encapsulated problem specific information or low-level information that was thought to be helpful for obtaining a solution. In addition  , gradient primitives   , shown to be effective for communication in modular robots We also gave the genetic programming runs additional primitives for each problem. In this paper  , however  , we plan to further investigate whether genetic programming used by GenProg has the better performance over random search  , when the actual evolutionary search has started to work. They doubted that the promising results may not be brought by genetic programming used by GenProg  , because the patch search problem can be easy when random search would have likely yielded similar results. Determining which information to add was the result of parallel attempts to examine the unsuccessful results produced by the genetic programming and attempts to hand code problem solutions. We defer discussing the possible reason to Section 6. Answer for RQ1: In our experiment  , for most programs 23/24  , random search used by RSRepair performs better in terms of requiring fewer patch trials to search a valid patch than genetic programming used by GenProg  , regardless of whether genetic programming really starts to work see Figure 1 or not. In this paper  , we try to investigate the two questions via the performance comparison between genetic programming and random search. Furthermore  , the question of whether the benefit brought by genetic programming can balance the cost caused by fitness evaluations is not addressed. One novel part of our work is that we use a Genetic Programming GP based technique called ARRANGER Automatic geneRation of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming to discover ranking functions automatically Fan 2003a. But most of those ranking functions are manually designed by experts based on heuristics  , experience  , observations  , and statistical theories. Ranking functions usually could not work consistently well under all situations. We compared EAGLE with its batch learning counterpart. In this paper we presented EAGLE  , an active learning approach for genetic programming that can learn highly accurate link specifications. Other researchers used classifier systems 17  or genetic programming paradigm 3  to approach the path planning problem. Both approaches assume a predefined map consisting of fixed knot points. RQ2 is designed to answer the question. proposed GenProg  , an automatic patch generation technique based on genetic programming. However  , we could not fully verify the qualifications of the survey participants.  In Section 3  , we present our Combined Component Approach for similarity calculation. Individuals in the new generation are produced based on those in the current one. Genetic Programming searches for the " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. 19  select ranking functions using genetic programming   , maximizing the average precision on the training data. As a follow-on to this work  , Lacerda et al. GP maintains a population of individual programs. Genetic programming GP is a computational method inspired by biological evolution  , which discovers computer programs tailored to a particular task 19. Individuals in a new generation are produced based on those in the previous one. Genetic Programming searches for an " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. The entity resolution ER problem see 14 ,3  for surveys shares many similarities with link discovery. Later  , approaches combining active learning and genetic programming for LD were developed 10 ,21. An individual represents a tentative solution for the target problem. In Genetic Programming  , a large number of individuals  , called a population  , are maintained at each generation. We are not surprised for this experimental results. Then  , why does genetic programming  , a fitness evaluation directed search  , perform worse than a purely random search in our experiment ? 17  propose matching ads with a function generated by learning the impact of individual features using genetic programming. A. Lacerda et al. This approach randomly mutates buggy programs to generate several program variants that are possible patch candidates. The 'Initial Repair' heading reports timing information for the genetic programming phase and does not include the time for repair minimization. Successful repairs were generated for each program. for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. collision avoidance as well as helping achieve the overall task. 7  proposed a new approach to automatically generate term weighting strategies for different contexts  , based on genetic programming GP. Fan et al. Interested readers can reference that paper or  The details of our system and methodology for Genetic Programming GP are discussed in our Robust track paper. Generate an initial population of random compositions of the functions and terminals of the problem solutions. Genetic programming uses four steps to solve problems: 1. GP is expansion of GA in order to treat structural representation. Genetic ProgrammingGP is the method of learning and inference using this tree-based representation". As our time and human resources were limited for taking two tasks simultaneously  , in this task we only concentrate on testing our ranking function discovery technique  , ARRANGER Automatic Rendering of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming Fan 2003a  , Fan 2003b  , which uses Genetic Programming GP to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for various information needs. We submitted results on both topic distillation and home page/named page finding tasks. Given the problem  , RQ1 asks whether genetic programming used by GenProg works well to benefit the generation of valid patches. Although some promising results for GenProg have been presented in some recent serial papers 40  , 23  , 21  , 38  , 10  , 22  , the problem of whether the promising results are got based on the guidance of genetic programming or just because the mutation operations are powerful enough to tolerate the inaccuracy of used fitness function has never been studied. Although promising results have been shown in their work  , the problem of whether the promising results are caused by genetic programming or just because the used mutation operations are very effective is still not be addressed. Both GenProg and Par use the same fault localization technique to locate faulty statements  , and genetic programming to guide the patch search  , but differ in the concrete mutation operations. Genetic Programming GP 14 is a Machine Learning ML technique that helps finding good answers to a given problem where the search space is very large and when there is more than one objective to be accomplished. Having this in mind  , we propose a genetic programmingbased approach to handle this problem. Also  , the work in 24  applies Genetic Programming to learn ranking functions that select the most appropriate ads. However  , we propose a learning method to maximize Click-through-Rate CTR for impressions. The experimental results show that the matching function outperforms the best method in 21 in finding relevant ads. We also compared our method with genetic programming based repair techniques. To assess the efficiency and effectiveness of our technique  , we employed SEMFIX tool to repair seeded defects as well as real defects in an open source software. Genetic programming approaches support more complex repairs but rely on heuristics and hence lack these important properties. Our focus on constant prints allows us to perform exhaustive search for repairs  , ensuring both completeness and minimality. GP makes it possible to solve complex problems for which conventional methods can not find an answer easily. The return value of a fitness function must appropriately measure how well an individual  , which represents a solution  , can solve the target problem. Our first approach extends a state-of-the-art tag recommender based on Genetic Programming to include novelty and diversity metrics both as attributes and in the objective function 1. We have already proposed and evaluated two different strategies. Koza applied GP Genetic Programming to automatic acquisition of subsum tion architecture to perform wall-following behavior  ?2. So far  , many researchers applied GA to motion acquisition problems for robots or virtual creatures. Given that genetic programming is non-deterministic  , all results presented below are the means of 5 runs. All non-RDF datasets were transformed into RDF and all string properties were set to lower case. Each experiment was ran on a single thread of a server running JDK1.7 on Ubuntu 10.0.4 and was allocated maximally 2GB of RAM. We also employed GenProg to repair the bugs in Coreutils. This confirms that if the repair expression does not exist in other places of the program  , genetic programming based approaches have rather low chance of synthesizing the repair. Learning approaches based on genetic programming have been most frequently used to learn link specifications 5 ,15 ,17. The idea behind active learners also called curious classifiers 18 is to query for the labels of In addition  , it usually requires a large training data set to detect accurate solutions. Another genetic programming-based approach to link discovery is implemented in the SILK framework 15. Thus  , it is only able to learn a subset of the specifications that can be generated by EAGLE. This representation is used as knowledge representation and is considered to suit as knowledge re~resentation~l. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , overtraining is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. They form the ranking function candidate pool. Finally  , we applied data mining DM techniques based on grammar-guided genetic programming GGGP to create reference models useful for defining population groups. This way  , symbolic sequences can be automatically compared to detect similarities  , class patients  , etc. The average time required by SEMFIX for each repair is less than 100 seconds. Out of the 90 buggy programs  , with a test suite size of 50 — SEMFIX repaired 48 buggy programs while genetic programming repaired only 16. We also notice that GenProg failed for all arithmetic bugs. There has also been work on synthesizing programs that meet a given specification. These functions are discovered using genetic programming GP and a state-of-the-art classifier optimumpath forest OPF 3  , 4. The method detects these cases by exploiting a combination of automatically generated similarity functions. We use genetic programming to evolve program variants until one is found that both retains required functionality and also avoids the defect in question. Instead  , it works on off-the-shelf legacy applications and readily-available testcases . A framework for tackling this problem based on Genetic Programming has been proposed and tested. In this paper  , we considered the problem of classification in the context of document collections where textual content is scarce and imprecise citation information exists. Furthermore  , we will aim at devising automatic configuration approaches for EAGLE. The following experiments were run by connecting FX- PAL'S genetic programming system to a modular robot simulator  , built by J. Kubica and S. Vassilvitskii. The expansion and contraction of these arms provide the modules with their only form of motion. Active learning approaches based on genetic programming adopt a comitteebased setting to active learning. In this setting  , the information content of a pair s  , t is usually inverse to its distance from the boundary of C t . As the planning motion  , we give this system vertical movement and one step walk. With this system  , we simulate motion generation hierarchically for six legged locomotion robot using Genetic Programming. Sims studied on co-evolution of motion controller and morphology of rirtual creatures 3. All the experiments were conducted on a Core 2 Quad 2.83GHz CPU  , 3GB memory computer with Ubuntu 10.04 OS. The classifier uses these similarity functions to decide whether or not citations belong to a same author. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9. Thus  , the choice of the optimal feature sets may require a preliminary feature construction phase. Subsequently  , we give some insight in active learning and then present the active learning model that underlies our work. We show how the discovery of link specifications can consequently be modeled as a genetic programming problem. GP is a machine learning technique inspired by biological evolution to find solutions optimized for certain problem characteristics. To give proper answers for these questions  , we propose a new approach to content-targeted advertising based on Genetic Programming GP. The main inconvenient of this approach is that it is not deterministic. Here  , the mappings are discovered by using a genetic programming approach whose fitness function is set to a PFM. Using an error situation obtained with the sampled parameters  , a fitness unction based on the allowed recovery criteria can be defined. In Genetic Programming  , each member in the population is a computer program for the solution of the problem. We used strongly typed genetic programming The specific primitives added for each problem are discussed with setup of the the initial population  , results of crossover and mutation  , and subtrees created during mutation respectively . The three most common and most important methods are: Genetic programming applies a number of different possible conditions to the best solutions to create the next generation of solutions. The goal of grammarguided genetic programming is to solve the closure problem 7. However  , the computational cost of this approach is extremely high for problems requiring large population sizes 6 . External validity is concerned with generalization. In addition  , in the future we will investigate whether genetic programming has the advantage over random search on fixing bugs existing in multi files. Other approaches based on genetic programming e.g. , 17 detect matching properties while learning link specifications  , which currently implements several time-efficient approaches for link discovery. For example  , 16 relies on the hospital-residents problem to detect property matches. Although they also used genetic programming  , their evaluation was limited to small programs such as bubble sorting and triangle classification  , while our evaluation includes real bugs in open source software. introduced an automatic patch generation technique 5. The 'Time' column reports the wall-clock average time required for a trial that produced a primary repair. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , over-training is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. Only the most robust and consistent functions are selected and they form the ranking function candidate pool. Realizing this  , we use tree-based representation as motion knowledge and construct the system using tree-based representation. Similarly  , the approach presented in 21 assumes that a 1-to-1 mapping is to be discovered. Supervised batch learning approaches for learning such classifiers must rely on large amounts of labeled data to achieve a high accuracy. This paper has reported our initial experiments aimed at investigating whether evolutionary programming  , and genetic programming in particular can evolve multiple robot controllers that utilise communication to improve their ability to collectively perform a task. Communication fitness for controller of Figure  93503 For the last 2 programs in Figure 1b  , the advantage of RSRepair is statistical significance; although there exists no significant difference for the remaining 4 programs due to too small sample sizes no more than 20 in the " Size " column of Figure 1b  , RSRepair has the smaller NCP in terms of Mean and Median. For the representation problem  , GenProg represents each candidate patch as the Abstract Syntax Tree AST of the patched program. As described in 15  , GenProg needs to implement two key ingredients before the application of genetic programming: 1 the representation of the solution and 2 the definition of the fitness function. However  , Andrea Arcuri and Lionel Briand found that GenProg often searched valid patches in the random initialization of the first population before the actual evolutionary search even starts to work. With the hypothesis that some missed important functionalities may occur in another position in the same program  , GenProg attempts to automatically repair defective program with genetic programming 38. GenProg 2 has the ability of fixing bugs in deployed  , legacy C programs without formal specifications. Then  , in this subsection we plan to investigate to what extent genetic programming used by GenProg worsens the repair efficiency over random search used by RSRepair. " Hence  , it is not surprising that GenProg  , most often  , took more time to repair successfully faulty programs  , on average  , in Table  2. Our technique takes as input a program  , a set of successful positive testcases that encode required program behavior  , and a failing negative testcase that demonstrates a defect. Our classification approach combines a genetic programming GP framework  , which is used to define suitable reference similarity functions   , with the Optimum-Path Forest OPF classifier  , a graph-based approach that uses GP-based edge weights to assign input references to the correct authors. The proposed system uses that information along with pure training samples defined by an unsupervised approach   , in a hybrid classification scheme. As we can see  , Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. Better solutions are obtained either by inheriting and reorganizing old ones or by lucky mutation  , simulating Darwinian Evolution. Further  , given the negative impact of irrelevant ads on credibility and brand of publishers and advertisers  , how to design functions that minimize the placement of irrelevant ads  , especially when the relevant ones are not available ? Then  , we give an overview of the grammar that underlies links specifications in LIMES and show how the resulting specifications can be represented as trees. sKDD transforms the original numerical temporal sequences into symbolic sequences  , defines a symbolic isokinetics distance SID that can be used to compare symbolic isokinetics sequences   , and provides a method  , SYRMO  , for creating symbolic isokinetics reference models using grammar-guided genetic programming. This paper has focused on the I4 project's sKDD subsystem. We developed a genetic programming approach to finding consensus structural motifs in a set of RNA sequences known to be functionally related. Knowing the common structural motifs in a set of coregulated RNA sequences will help us better understand the regulation mechanism. Of these techniques  , GenProg and Par  , the two awardwinning patch generation techniques  , presented the very promising results. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 18. Arithmetic operators and the log function are internal nodes while different numerical features of the query and ad terms can be leafs of the function tree. Their approach relies on formal specifications  , which our approach does not require. Recent work has addressed this drawback by relying on active learning  , which was shown in 15 to reduce the amount of labeled data needed for learning link specifications. For example  , the genetic programming approach used in 7 has been shown to achieve high accuracies when supplied with more than 1000 positive examples. For example   , the approach presented in 5 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. Although unsupervised techniques were newly developed see  , e.g. , 17  , most of the approaches developed so far abide by the paradigm of supervised machine learning. In this paper we have introduced a new approach based on the combination of term weighting components  , extracted from well-known information retrieval ranking formulas  , using genetic programming. Finally  , but not less important  , we also intend to examine closely the discovered best ranking functions to understand better how they work and the reasons for their effectiveness. Genetic Programming has been widely used and approved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management. Computer programs that evolve in ways that resemble natural selection can solve complex problems even their creators do not fully understand " Holland  , 1975. Genetic Programming shows its sharp edge in solving such kind of problems  , since its internal tree structure representation for " individuals " can be perfectly used for describing ranking functions. We can actually treat the ranking function space as a space consists of all kinds of tree structures. Section 2 of the paper gives an overview of the I4 Intelligent Interpretation of Isokinetics Information system  , of which this research is part. A follow-up work 13 proposes a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function. To solve this problem  , Ribeiro- Neto et al expand the page vocabulary with terms from other similar pages weighted based on the overall similarity of the origin page to the matched page  , and show improved matching precision. Guided by genetic programming  , GenProg has the ability to repair programs without any specification  , and GenProg is commonly considered to open a new research area of general automated program repair 26  , 20  , although there also exists earlier e.g. , 5  , 2 and concurrent work on this topic 6. Automated repair techniques have received considerable recent research attentions. Construct validity threats concern the appropriateness of the evaluation measurement. In addition  , in this paper we focus only on the comparison between random search and genetic programming  , in our future work we plan to study random search with the comparison on other repair techniques such as 12  , 5  , 28. In a follow-up work 7 the authors propose a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function. To solve this problem  , Ribeiro-Neto et al expand the page vocabulary with terms from other similar pages weighted based on the overall similarity of the origin page to the matched page  , and show improved matching precision.   , but none of these strategies reaches the level of applicability and the speed of execution of random testing. Several other strategies for input generation have been proposed symbolic execution combined with constraint solving 30  , 18  , direct setting of object fields 5  , genetic programming 29  , etc. In order to answer these questions  , we choose ARRANGER – a Genetic Programming-based discovery engine 910 to perform the ranking function tuning. To copy otherwise  , or republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. Genetic Programming has been widely used and proved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management 119. Computer programs that evolve in ways that resemble natural selection can solve complex problems even their creators do not fully understand " 16. In the following  , we present our implementation of the different GP operators on link specifications and how we combine GP and active learning. This approach is yet a batch learning approach and it consequently suffers of drawbacks of all batch learning approaches as it requires a very large number of human annotations to learn link specifications of a quality comparable to that of EAGLE. The robot modules we consider are the TeleCube modules currently being developed at Xerox PARC 13 and shown in Figure 1 . Still  , none of the active learning approaches for LD presented in previous work made use of the similarity of unlabeled link candidates to improve the convergence of curious classifiers. While the first active genetic programming approach was presented in 4  , similar approaches for LD were developed later 7 ,15 . For example  , the approach presented in 8 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. With regard to the generation of link specifications  , some unsupervised techniques were newly developed see  , e.g. , 22  , but most of the approaches developed so far abide by the paradigm of supervised machine learning. This absence of any system in choosing inputs is also what exposes random testing to the most criticism. 15 proposes an approach based on the Cauchy-Schwarz inequality that allows discarding a large number of superfluous comparisons. Particularly  , we investigate an inductive learning method – Genetic Programming GP – for the discovery of better fused similarity functions to be used in the classifiers  , and explore how this combination can be used to improve classification effectiveness . In this work we try to overcome these problems by applying automatically discovered techniques for fusion of the available evidence. Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. It provides sound solutions to many difficult problems  , for which people have not found a theoretical or practical breakthrough. Another approach to contextual advertising is to reduce it to the problem of sponsored search advertising by extracting phrases from the page and matching them with the bid phrase of the ads. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 8. These primitives were largely derived directly from the basic actions and abilities of the modules and simple computational constructs. The best computer program that appeared in any generation  , the best-so-far solution  , is designated as the result of genetic programming Koza 19921. Additionally  , our approach synthesizes grasps  , with no a priori constraints on initial grasps  , as opposed to lo  , in which grasp primitives are learned based on a given set of grasp primitives. In addition  , similar to other search-based software engineering SBSE 15  , 14 approaches  , genetic programming often suffers from the computationally expensive cost caused by fitness evaluation  , a necessary activity used to distinguish between better and worse solutions. valid patches much faster  , in terms of requiring fewer patch trials 1   , than random search. That is  , compared to random search  , genetic programming does not bring benefits in term of fewer NCP in this case to balance the cost caused by fitness evaluations. As presented in RQ1  , to find a valid patch  , GenProg  , in most cases  , requires not fewer NCP than RSRepair. 26  introduced the idea of program repair using genetic programming  , where existing parts of code are used to patch faults in other parts of code and patching is restricted to those parts that are relevant to the fault. Weimer et al. We note that this weakness is inherent in any test suite based program repair  , since no formal program specification is given and repairs can only be generated with respect to limited number of given tests. This is the major motivation to choose GP for the ranking function discovery task. Based on the plaintext collection  , our ARRANGER engine  , a Genetic Programming GP based ranking function discovery system  , is used to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for the topic distillation task. Instead  , we construct a " surrogate " plaintext collection by merging full text content with all the anchor information for a page. The function is represented as a tree composed of arithmetic operators and the log function as internal nodes  , and different numerical features of the query and ad terms as leafs. With flexible GP operators and structural motif representations  , our new method is able to identify general RNA secondary motifs. We choose not to record the genetic programming operations performed to obtain the variant as an edit script because such operations often overlap and the resulting script is quite long. For example  , our variants often include changes to control flow e.g. , if or while statements for which both the opening brace { and the closing brace } must be present; throwing away part of such a patch results in a program that does not compile. The isolation of the search strategies from the search space makes the solution compatible with that of Valduriez891 and thus applicable to more general database programming languages which can be deductive or object-oriented Lanzelotte901. This is illustrated by modeling within the same framework different enumerative  , randomized and genetic search strategies  , Furthermore  , we show how the search strategies thus produced can be controlled in the sense that successful termination can be enforced by assertions. Yet  , so far  , none of these approaches has made use of the correlation between the unlabeled data items while computing the set of most informative items. Several approaches that combine genetic programming and active learning have been developed over the course of the last couple of years and shown to achieve high F-measures on the deduplication see e.g. , 4 and LD see e.g. , 15 problems. Furthermore  , affected by GenProg  , Par also uses genetic programming to guide the patch search in the way like GenProg. After that  , general automated program repair has gone from being entirely unheard of to having its own multi-paper sessions  , such as " Program Repair " session in ICSE 2013  , in many top tier conferences 20  , and many researchers justify the advantage of their techniques  , such as Par and SemFix  , via the comparison with GenProg. The fact that it has been successfully applied to similar problems  , has motivated us to use it as a basis for discovering good similarity functions for record replica identification. This approach captures the novelty and diversity of a list of recommended tags implicitly  , by introducing metrics that assess the semantic distance between different tags diversity and the inverse of the popularity of the tag in the application novelty. AutoFix-E 37 can repair programs but requires for the contracts in terms of pre-and post-conditions. Running test cases typically dominated GenProg's runtime " 22  , which is also suitable for RSRepair  , so we use the measurement of NTCE to compare the repair efficiency between GenProg and RSRepair  , which is also consistent with traditional test case prioritization techniques aiming at early finding software bugs with fewer NTCE. Short titles may mislead the results  , specially generic titles such as Genetic Programming  , then we add the publication venue title to this type of query. If ti comprises only one or two words  , the query is formed by the quoted title ti followed by the first four author names  , similar to the previously described query  , also not permitting one word error  , followed by an AND statement using the first four words from the publication venue title vi. That is  , RSRepair immediately discards one candidate patch once the patched program fails to pass some test case. Unlike genetic programming which requires fitness evaluation in the sense that GenProg has to run fixed size of test cases to compute the fitness of a candidate patch even if GenProg has been aware that the patch is invalid i.e. , the patched program has ever failed to pass some test case  , random search has no such constraint. Recently  , in the paper 40 genetic programming is proposed to fix automatically the general bugs  , and a prototype tool called GenProg based on this technique is implemented. We conducted a set of experiments aiming to evaluate the proposed disambiguation system in comparison with stateof-the-art methods on two well-known datasets. To the best of our knowledge  , the problem of discovering accurate link specifications has only been addressed in very recent literature by a small number of approaches: The SILK framework 14  now implements a batch learning approach to discovery link specifications based on genetic programming which is similar to the approach presented in 6. Note that the task of discovering links between knowledge bases is closely related with record linkage 30 ,10 ,5 ,17. These are supervised approaches that begin with a small number of labeled links and then inquire labels for data items that promise to improve their accuracy. The evaluation has shown that the numerical and symbolic reference models generated from isokinetics tests on top-competition sportsmen and women are  , in the expert's opinion  , similar. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. , NDCG by using the Simulated Annealing which uses a modification of downhill Simplex method for the next candidate move to find the global min- imum. Some other approaches for directly optimizing IR measures use Genetic Programming 1  , 49 or approximate the IR measures with the functions that are easy-to-handle 44  , 12. Suppose we have the variational distribution: Therefore  , we carry out variational EM. However  , this approach utilizes our proposed inference correction during each round of variational inference. As with PL-EM Naive  , this method utilizes 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference  , 10 rounds of EM  , and maximizes the full PL. Variational EM alternates between updating the expectations of the variational distribution q and maximizing the probability of the parameters given the " observed " expected counts. For evaluation purposes the accuracy of predicted location is used. For inference 17 use Variational EM. investigate how to perform variational EM for the application of learning text topics 33. Nallapati et al. MaxEntInf Pseudolikelihood EM PL-EM MaxEntInf : This is our proposed semi-supervised relational EM method that uses pseudolikelihood combined with the MaxEntInf approach to correct for relational biases. It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference and  , since the PL-EM is more stable than CL-EM  , 10 rounds of EM. To maximize with respect to each variational parameter  , we take derivatives with respect to it and set it to zero. The variational EM maximizes the lower bound of the log likelihood with respect to the variational parameters  , and then for fixed values of the variational parameters  , maximizes the lower bound with respect to the model parameters. The inference is performed by Variational EM. Then the term and the location are generated dependent on this topic assignment  , according to two different multinomial distributions. While the E-step can be easily distributed  , the M-step is still centralized  , which could potentially become a bottleneck. The inference is done by Variational EM and the evaluation is done by measuring the accuracy of predicted location and showing anecdotal results. The topics to generate terms are local topics   , which are derived from global topics. As CL-EM is known to be unstable 14   , we smooth the parameters at each iteration t. More specifically  , we estimate It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference. Maximizing the global parameters in MapReduce can be handled in a manner analogous to EM 33 ; the expected counts of the variational distribution generated in many parallel jobs are efficiently aggregated and used to recompute the top-level parameters. This independence can be engineered to allow parallelization of independent components across multiple computers. Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. The cost of evaluating inner query block can vary significantly depending on the parameter sort order guaranteed by the outer query block. For a given nested query block  , several execution plans are possible  , each having its own required parameter sort order and cost. Further  , more than one query block can be nested under the same parent query block. However   , we have chosen to re-arrange bytes by the sort order of prefixes read right to left. Traditionally  , BWT rearranges bytes in a block by the sort order of all its suffixes. Results for such queries are shown in column TLC-O for the second group of queries q1-q2. 'Push Sort in Join': Pushing Sort into a Join applies to single block join queries. This approach avoids generation of unwanted sort orders and corresponding plans. Now  , the compatible combinations of plans and the effective parameter sort order they require from the parent block are as shown in Figure 5. This Sort should also simplify the Group operation that follows and associates to each researcher the number of projects it belongs to. In block B'Res  , a Sort operation is added to order the researchers according to their key number. The sort continuous in this manner until the list of items is fully sorted in ascending order after the lg m th phase. Similarly  , the second phase of bitonic sort involves merging each even-indexed 2- item block with the 2-item block immediately following it  , producing a list where consecutive 4-item blocks are sorted in alternating directions. While generating the plans for the nested blocks we consider only those plans that require a parameter sort order no stronger than the one guaranteed by the outer block. For each sort order  , we optimize the outer query block and then all the nested blocks. In this section we propose additional techniques for exploiting the sort order of correlation bindings by retaining the state of the inner query execution across multiple bindings of the correlation variables. Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer parent query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. Then we sort the set of average intensities in ascending order and a rank is assigned to each block. In our case  , we utilize 3×3 block of each frame for ordinal signature extraction. The BWT rearranges characters in a block by the sort order of the suffixes of these characters. Offsets are limited to a maximum value called the " window size " . To reduce the number of candidate plans we can adopt a heuristic of considering only the physical operators that requires the strongest parameter sort order less than the guaranteed sort order. However  , if the parameter sort order guaranteed by the parent block is weaker e.g. , null  , then only the plain table scan is a possible candidate. Depending on the delay condition  , HERB either simultaneously released the block no delay or waited until its head was fully turned and then released the block delay  , Fig- ure 2. The human-robot interactions lasted approximately 2 minutes and 20 seconds  , though the particular amount of time varied by how long the participant took to sort the block. Finally  , the block size for AIX is 2KB  , with Starburst assuming 4KB pages  , so each Starburst I/O actually requires two AIX I/OS.' For sorting  , Starburst does not use the global buffer pool  , relying instead on a separate sort buffer; we configured its sort buffer size to be lOOKI to provide a comparable amount of space for sorting as for regular I/O. A cost-based optimizer can consider the various interesting sort orders and decide on the overall best plan. For the table in Figure 3  , one might imagine that IP Address was used as a predictor for Client ID to some benefit because each user had a preferential computer   , shown below. This is a powerful effect: all prior sort orders are used to break ties this is because stable sort was performed for each block. However  , note that a sort-merge anti-join cannot be used if the correlated query block is part of a procedure or function where as NISR can be used in this case. A sort-merge anti-join implementation if present and used would perform exactly same as NISR and hence we have not consider it here explicitly. If this heuristic is adopted in the above example  , when the parameter sort order guaranteed from the parent block is {p 1 } only the state retaining scan is considered and the plain table scan is dropped. An approximated block matrix is generated when we then sort the eigenvectors and rearrange the eigenvector components accordingly before calculating the eigenprojector. Thus we do not need to set the number of clusters ex ante. Figure 8shows an example of this technique in action. Since the tuples within each block are sorted by timestamp  , a merge sort is employed to retrieve the original order of tuples across the different blocks in the run. In this approach we first traverse all the blocks nested under a given query block and identify the set of all interesting parameter sort orders. We describe this approach in subsequent subsections. Vo and Vo also showed that usage of multiple predictors for breaking ties in sort order often improves compression. This is logically equivalent to applying the permutation to all the tokens in the second block before running RadixZip over it. For queries where other factors dominate the cost  , like join q2  , the speedup is relatively small. In single block selection type queries x19 both TLC-D and TLC-O contribute by removing the blocking factor of DE and Sort. The rewrite applies only to single block selection queries. 'Push Sort in Select': We tested the efficiency of our rewrite that pushes Sorts into Selects  , as described in Section 5.2. The run block size is the buffer size for external Instead of sorting the records in the data buffer directly  , we sort a set of pointers pointing to the records. We consider LB to be the elementary block and we attempt to discuss the possibilities of fault tolerance in this program. This is the well known straight insertion sort. Since the matrices are hermitian  , the blocks are symmetric but different in color. We have implemented block nested-loop and hybrid hash variants. Anti-Semijoin For an anti-semijoin El I ? ,  , E2 all common implementation alternatives like sort merge  , hash  , and nested-loops come into account. This produces a list where consecutive 2-item blocks are sorted  , in alternating directions. Further assume query block q 2 nested under the same parent as q 1 has two plans pq 3 and pq 4 requiring sorts p 1   , p 2  and null respectively. Participants were also told that HERB's head would move and that HERB may provide suggestions about how to sort the blocks  , but that the final sorting method was up to them. They were instructed to take the block from HERB's hand once HERB had extended the block to them. When m is a power of 2  , bitonic sort lends itself to a very straight-forward non-recursive implementation based on the above description. For instance   , during the 4-merge phase phase 2 in the figure all compare-and-swaps performed within the first 4-item block are ascending  , whereas they are descending for the second 4-item block. Further  , the cost of the plan for the outer query block can vary significantly based on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the parameters. Note that the best parameter ordering for each query in the function body can be different and also there can be multiple functions invoked from the same outer query block. The necessary conditions to bundle operators within a block are: same degrees of parallelism and same partitioning strategies. In the PQEP shown in Figure 2c   , the largest block is formed by the sort  , projection proj  , group  , and hash-join hj ,i , operators having a DOP of 5. For illustration  , we will use the following block of variable-width tokens: Figure 5.1 shows the output of both BWT and RadixZip Transform run on this input. The minimum amount of main memory needed by Sort/Merge is three disk block buffers  , because in the sort phase  , two input buffers and one output buffer are needed. Given the fact that b/k blocks are needed in the fist phase  , and k blocks are needed in the second phase of the join  , the challenge is to find the value for k  , where the memory consumption maxb/k ,k is minimal : It is unfair for one sort to allocate extra memory it cannot use while others are waiting; l a sort whose performance is not very sensitive to memory should yield to sorts whose performance is more affected by memory space; l large sorts should not block small sorts indefinitely   , while small sorts should not prevent large sorts from getting a reasonable amount of mem- ory; l when all other conditions are the same  , older sorts should have priority over younger sorts. Specifically  , the following fairness considerations are reflected in our policy: l a sort should not allocate more memory than needed. To eliminate unnecessary data traversal  , when generating data blocks  , we sort token-topic pairs w di   , z di  according to w di 's position in the shuffled vocabulary  , ensuring that all tokens belonging to the same model slice are actually contiguous in the data block see Figure 1 . 3. If suffixes provide a good context for characters  , this creates regions of locally low entropy  , which can be exploited by various back-end compressors. Besides SIMDization  , implementing bitonic sort efficiently on the SPEs also require unrolling loops and avoiding branches as much as possible. There is a change in the shuffles performed  , because the compare-and-swap direction is reversed for the second 4-item block. The final permutation 41352 represents the sort order of the five tokens using last byte most significant order  , and can be used as input to future calls to permute. Lemma 3.2. permute and its inverse are Ob time operations   , where b is the number of bytes in the block. Then the Hilbert value ranges delineated by successive pairs of end marker values in the sorted list have the prop erty that they are fully contained within one block at each level of each participating tree. We sort the full set Of 6Qj F values and delete any duplicates. The bottom-up approach can be understood by the following signature of the Optimizer method. In order to avoid optimization of subexpressions for sort orders not of interest the bottom-up approach first optimizes the inner most query block producing a set of plans each corresponding to an interesting order. In the logical query DAG LQDAG  , due to the sharing of common subexpressions  , the mapping of parameters to the level of the query block that binds it cannot be fixed statically for each logical equivalence node. Therefore if any sort order needs to be guaranteed on the output of the Apply operator an enforcer plan is generated. In each ordering we consider the first 5 blocks  , and for each block we calculate the maximum similarity to the 5 blocks on both the next and previous page. For each page  , we sort all blocks on the page in four different orders: from top to bottom  , from bottom to top  , from left to right  , and from right to left. Plan operators that work in a set-oriented fashion e.g. , sort  , might also be content with this simple open-next-close protocol  , which  , however  , may restrict the flexibility of their implementation. All " real " plan operators within a block access their relevant information via the opennext-close interface of the LAS cf. To understand this property  , consider the paradigm used by previous skyline evaluation techniques  , such as Block Nested Loops 4 and Sort-First Skyline 9 . An additional interesting property of the new lattice-based skyline computation paradigm is that the performance of LS is independent of the underlying data distribution. A cost-based optimizer can consider the various options available and decide on the overall best plan. This approach combines the benefits of both the top-down exhaustive approach and the bottom-up approach. Our last example see Figure 8 shows  , among other interesting features  , how one can push a Group that materializes the relationship between researchers and projects. A 6-axis force-torque sensor in the robot's hand identifies when the participant has grasped the block to begin the transfer phase of the handover. In this task  , a robot called HERB hands colored blocks to participants  , who sort those blocks into one of two colored boxes according to their personal preference. Our memory adjustment policy aims to improve overall system performance  , that is  , throughput and average response time  , but it also takes into account fairness considerations. The output of a single block FLWOR statement in XQuery can be ordered by either the binding/document order as specified in the FOR clauses or the value order as specified in the OR- DERBY clause. An outcome of our technique is that the Ordering Specification O-Spec of a collection and for that matter the SORT operation that produced it is a superset of the potential order that can be expressed by XQuery. The drawback of this approach is that it requires significant changes to the structure of any existing Volcano-style optimizer due to the need for propagating multiple plans for the same expression and then combining them suitably. Inference of " bounded disorder " appears to be relevant when considering how order properties get propagated through block-nested-loop joins  , and could be exploited to reduce the cost of certain plan operators. We also are interested in generalizing this work to infer " bounded disorder " : unordered relations whose disorder can be measured as the number of passes of a bubble sort required to make the relation ordered. At query time  , when OSCAR begins to scan a new run of blocks  , it uses the latest value returned by the r- UDF to only read from a corresponding fraction of the blocks in this new run. The size of the shared pool  , which is used by Oracle to store session information such as sort areas and triggers  , was set to 20MB and the size of the log buffer to 4MB to minimise the influence of Oracle internals on the measurements. The database buffer was set to 500 blocks with a database block size of 4 kbytes which resulted in an average buffer hit ratio of 98.5%. To the best of our knowledge  , the state-retention techniques and optimization of multi-branch  , multi-level correlated queries considering parameter sort orders have not been proposed or implemented earlier. Database systems such as Microsoft SQL Server consider sorted correlation bindings and the expected number of times a query block is evaluated with the aim of efficiently caching the inner query results when duplicates are present and to appropriately estimate the cost of nested query blocks. In order to compare to DBSCAN  , we only use the number of points here since DBSCAN can only cluster points according to their spatial location. As the granularity approaches zero  , the regions returned by STING approach the result of DBSCAN. Moreover  , DBSCAN requires a human participant to determine the global parameter Eps. However  , the complexity of DBSCAN is OMogN. DBSCAN parameters were set to match the expected point density of the bucket surface. These outliers were removed using DBSCAN to identify low density noise. Basically  , DBSCAN is based on notion of density reachability. 14  recently analyze places and events in a collection of geotagged photos using DBSCAN. DBSCAN must set Eps large enough to detect some clusters. Thus make it even tougher for DBSCAN to detect density region. proposed the Incremental-DBSCAN in 2. Ester et al. introduced an incremental version of DBSCAN 10. DBSCAN makes use of an R* tree to achieve good performance. DBSCAN is able to separate " noise " from clusters of points where " noise " consists of points in low density regions. The authors illustrate that DBSCAN can be used to detect clusters of any shape and can outperform CLARANS by a large margin up to several orders of magnitude. In DBSCAN a cluster is defined as a set of densely-connected points controlled by  which maximize density-reachability and must contain at least M inP ts points. Two parameters must be set for DBSCAN: and M inP ts. Since a cluster in DBSCAN contains at least one core object  , MinP ts also defines the minimum number of objects in a cluster. The parameters  , Eps and MinP ts  , are critical inputs for DBSCAN. DBSCAN has two parameters: Eps and MinPts. i.e. , we do not consider conditions on other attributes. K to approximate the result of DBSCAN. a =in order Eps' . The value that results in the best performance is shown in the graphs for DBSCAN. , 10. It uses R*-tree to achieve better performance. DBSCAN can separate the noise outliers  and discover clusters of arbitrary shape. The consolidated stoppage points are subsequently clustered using a modified DBSCAN technique to get the identified truck stops. Clusters are then formed based on these concepts. In DBSCAN  , the concepts of core objects and reachability are defined. Kisilevich et al. DBSCAN expands a cluster C as follows. in such a way that the ordering conditions of Figure 2still hold. On the flip side  , DBSCAN can be quite sensitive to the values of eps and MinPts  , and choosing correct values for these parameters is not that easy. The main advantages of DBSCAN are that it does not require the number of desired clusters as an input  , and it explicitly identifies outliers. We define the speed-upfuctor as the ratio of the cost of DBSCAN applied to the database after all insertions and deletions and the cost of m calls of IncrementalDBSCAN once for each of the insertions resp. Now  , we can calculate the speed-up factor of IncrementalDBSCAN versus DBSCAN. Applied to the gene expression data  , DBSCAN found 6 relatively large clusters where the fraction of genes with functional relationships was rather small. For each run of DBSCAN on the biological data sets  , we chose the parameters according to 5 using a k-nn-distance graph. We estimate that DBSCAN also runs roughly 15 times faster and show the estimated running time of DBSCAN in the following table as a function of point set cardinality. We discovered that CLARANS is approximately 15 times faster in our configuration than in the configuration specified in Est96 for all data sizes. In this paper  , we assumed that the parameter values Eps and MinPts of DBSCAN do not change significantly when inserting and deleting objects. Even for rather large numbers of daily updates  , e.g. , 25 ,000 updates in a database of l ,OOO ,OOO objects   , we obtained speed-up factors of more than 10 versus DBSCAN. The figures depict the resulting clusters found by DBSCAN for two different values for and a fixed value for M inP ts; noise objects in these figures are shown as circles. Figure 1show an example where no global density threshold exists that can separate all three natural clusters  , and consequently  , DBSCAN cannot find the intrinsic cluster structure of the dataset. However  , it requires the setting of two parameters: DBSCAN does not require the definition a-priori of the number of clusters to extract. The results and evaluations are reported in Section 5. In Section 4 we introduce DBSCAN with constraints and extend it to run in online fashion. ,and rdel  , the whole databases wereincrementally inserted and deleted  , although& = 0 for the 2D spatial database. First  , our proposal performs consistently better than the best DBScan results obtained with cmin = 3. In all cities  , we observe the same two main results. In DBSCAN  , the density concept is introduced by the notations: Directly density-reachable  , Density-reachable  , and Densityconnected . from a data point p   , given a radius E p s . However  , because objects are organized into lineal formations  , the larger Eps is  , the larger void pad is. Each cluster is a maximum set of density-connected points. DBSCAN is a typical density-based method which connects regions with sufficiently high density into clusters. We implemented PreDeCon as well as the three comparative methods DBSCAN  , PROCLUS  , and DOC in JAVA. In this section  , we present a broad evaluation of Pre- DeCon. CHAMELEON requires the setting of the number of clusters to he sought  , which is generally not known. DBSCAN proved very sensitive to the parameter settings. We can see that DBSCAN is 2-3 times slower than both SPARCL and Chameleon on smaller datasets. For swiss-roll we use K = 530. Eps and MinPts " in the following whenever it is clear from the context. For a detailed presentation of DBSCAN see We omit the term " wrt. In the case of DBSCAN the index finds the correct number of clusters that is three. The results from running CURE can be interpreted in a similar way. Comparison with DBSCAN. In addition   , the list of attributes metabolites exhibiting low variance in each cluster give useful hints for further medical research. Concluding remarks are offered in Section 4. In Section 3  , we provide an experimental evaluation comparing our approach to previous approaches  , such as DBSCAN and OPTICS. WaveCluster  , after much tweaking of its settings   , came close to finding the visually obvious clusters. The resulting point cloud is a smooth continuous surface with all outliers removed. Scalability experiments were performed on 3d datasets as well. We can see that DBSCAN makes the most mistakes  , whereas both SPARCL and Chameleon do well. The tripwise LTD file records are indexes of consolidated stoppages made during trips. The DBSCAN technique was modified with KD-trees to reduce the computational complexity. These values for the constraints were decided after observing the experimental results. The local clusters are represented by special objects that have the best representative power. In 8 a distributed version of DBSCAN 3  is presented . Note that the definition of " Noise " is equivalent to DBSCAN. The following notions are necessary to take into account disconnectivity constraints. 1 who propose a hierarchical version of DBSCAN called OPTICS. The problem of finding global density parameters has also been observed by Ankerst et al. In some cases  , where the density among clusters differ widely  , there is not even a single set of parameter values for and M inP ts that allows to extract the real cluster structure of a dataset for DBSCAN 8. Table 2. shows an example of records that could be mistakenly clustered together by DBSCAN without an integrity check. In a real author disambiguation system  , it generally is desirable to guarantee certain integrity property of each clus- ter. However  , there may be applications where this assumption does not hold  , i.e. Once these features are removed the remaining point cloud consists of a dense cluster of payload points with a few outliers introduced from dust. Of course  , in this example DBSCAN itself could have found the two clusters. In the example it will generate the two clusters C 1   , A 1  and C 2   , A 2  visualized in Figure 1b. DBSCAN successfully identifies different types of patterns of user-system interaction that can be interpreted in light of how users interact with WorldCat. With regards to RQ1 cluster stability scores range from 0.20 to 0.96. k since for each core point there are at least MinPts points excluding itself within distance Eps. The reason is that the density of any area inside the clusters detected by DBSCAN is at least MinPts + 1 Eps' . Streemer on the other hand first finds candidate clusters and then only merges them if the resulting cluster is highly cohesive. If there is a string of points connecting two clusters  , DBSCAN will merge the clusters. A region query returns all objects intersecting a specified query region. Then  , DBSCAN visits the next object of the database D. The retrieval of density-reachable objects is performed by successive region queries. An object o is directly density reachable from another object o if it is not farther away than a given density radius ε and o is surrounded more than θ objects. The distribution of these points is shown in Fig 9. DBSCAN is used to cluster the entire data set. Increment of 2mm along X and Y axes is taken to search for the singularity points. For OP- TICS  , M inP ts is set to a fixed value so that density-based clusters of different densities are characterized by different values for . If p is a border object  , no objects are density-reachablefromp and p is assigned to the noise.  We complement our quantitative evaluation with a qualitative one Section 5. We find that it is more effective than DBSCAN in discovering functional areas in those three cities. But in high-dimensional spaces the parameter ε specifying the density threshold must be chosen very large  , because a lot of dimensions contribute to the distance values. So MinP ts must be large enough to distinguish noise and clusters. In our application of DBSCAN  , all the terms in documents were tokenized  , stemmed using Porter stemmer  , and stopwords were removed. These experiments also showed the favorable effect of detecting outliers. Distance between documents was computed as 1 -cosine similarity. Advantages of these schemes include the ability to segment non convex shapes  , identify noise  , and automatically estimate the number of partitions in a data set. We use SNN 3 for the former and DBSCAN 2 for the latter. Section 2 surveys related work  , while Section 3 describes the pairwise profile similarity function. To find a cluster  , DBSCAN starts with an arbitrary object p in D and retrieves all objects of D density-reachable from p with respect to Eps and MinPfs. lemma 1 and 2 in EKSX 961. In this example  , P-DBSCAN forms better clusters since it takes local density into account. Accordingly  , objects {g  , h  , i  , j  , k  , l  , m} are grouped into the second cluster . it computes clusters giving each dimension equal weights. Points that are not core and not reachable from a core are labeled as noise. However  , even for these small datasets  , the spectral approach ran out of memory. Table 1 summarizes the clusters and shows mean values for the original features  , as well as stability scores. DBSCAN produced a group of 10 clusters from the log data with around 20% classified as 'noise' – points too far away from any of the produced clusters to be considered for inclusion and discarded from further analyses. In relation to DBSCAN unstable clusters represent data points that should either have formed part of another cluster or should have been classified as noise. However   , before drawing inferences from the resulting clusters it is essential to validate the results to reduce the possibility that the clusters were identified by chance and do not actually reflect differences in the underlying data. Aside from being easy to implement and having an agreeable time complexity  , DBSCAN has many relevant advantages including its capacity to form arbitrarily shaped clusters and to automatically detect outliers. If the number of clusters was less than 5  , the remaining documents were picked from the highest ranked outliers. DBSCAN's ability to distinguish between points of varying density is limited while SNN can identify uniformly low density clusters by analysing the shared nearest neighbours between points. More recent hierarchical methods such as DBSCAN 2  , OPTICS 13  , CURE 10 or SNN 3  overcome these drawbacks by simultaneously detecting clusters based on density connectivity and identifying low density points as noise. Knowledge of previous objects can be maintained for short durations if temporally occluded or when an object is missed due to the number of matched key-points dropping below the minP ts threshold required by DBSCAN. Here we introduce a self-supervised classifier for associating currently detected clusters with previously found objects. Streemer also requires similar parameters  , but we found that it is not sensitive to them. DBSCAN can find clusters of arbitrary shapes  , but it requires the specification by the user of the parameters Eps and MinPts and is very sensitive to their values. Obviously  , the larger void pad is  , the more chance to include noise data into a cluster  , which can cause chain affection   , and hence lower quality of density. We propose the following two definitions to measure the quality of density in DBSCAN. Density-based methods identify clusters through the data point density and can usually discover clusters with arbitrary shapes without a pre-set number of clusters. As we can see SPARCL also perfectly identifies the shape-based clusters in these datasets. To summarize   , Chameleon is able to perfectly cluster these datasets  , whereas both DBSCAN and CURE make mistakes  , or are very dependent on the right parameter values to find the clusters. In this section we present the empirical results of SSDB- SCAN and compare it with DBSCAN and HISSCLU. For the performance measure we used the Rand Statistic 8  , which measure the agreement between two sets of clusters X and Y for the same set of n objects as: According to the density-based definition  , a cluster consists of the minimum number of points MinPts to eliminate very small clusters as noise; and for every point in the cluster  , there exists another point in the same cluster whose distance is less than the distance threshold Eps points are densely located. DBSCAN does not require the number of clusters as an input parameter. From results presented in Section 4  , the indications are that the most unstable clusters clusters 8  , 9 and 10 should probably have formed part of other more stable clusters. One possible reason for this could be the fact that the parameter of DBSCAN is a global parameter and cannot be adjusted per-cluster. Points with fewer than minP ts in their ǫ neighbourhood are considered as noise within the DBSCAN framework  , unless on the boundary of a dense cluster. We found that setting minP ts to 10 is a good compromise between the number of false clusters and missing clusters. This classifier is initialised with the initial clusters found in the first pair of frames and then incrementally updated there after. Also note that k = 0 represents the static cluster from RANSAC while k = 1.. K is a unique identifier for the individual dynamic clusters found using DBSCAN for the current frame. In a data warehouse  , however  , the databases may have frequent updates and thus may be rather dynamic. Such queries are supported efficiently by spatial access methods such as R*trees BKSS 903 for data from a vector space or M-trees 4 IncrementalDBSCAN DBSCAN  , as introduced in EKSX 961  , is applied to a static database. The night sky is one example; as the magnification level is adjusted  , one will identify different groupings or clusters. When a radius is defined  , as in DBSCAN  , or some related parameter   , a particular view is being set that has an equivalence to viewing a density plot with a microscope or telescope at a certain magnification. Figure 2illustrates results of FIRES in comparison to SUBCLU  , and CLIQUE applied on a synthetic dataset containing three clusters of significantly varaying dimensionality and density. We apply DBSCAN to generate the baseclusters using a parameter setting as suggested in 8 and as refinement method with paramter settings for ε and minpts as proposed in Section 3.4. Parameter values of = 0.4 and M inP ts = 200 were chosen through empirical investigation. Previous work in person name disambiguation can be generally be categorized as either supervised or unsupervised approaches. Furthermore  , our work combines a streaming DBSCAN method along with constraints requirements that are not only at the instance level  , but also at the cluster level. For instance  , Deng  , Chuang  , and Lemmens  , 2009 use DBSCAN to cluster Flickr photos   , and they exploit tag co-occurrence to characterize the discovered clusters. In one line of work  , the concentration of social online activity is used to determine interesting geographic regions of cities. Additionally  , if we were to pick the minimum-cost solution out of multiple trials for the local search methods  , the differences in the performance between BBC-Press vs. DBSCAN and Single Link becomes even more substantial  , e.g. The performance difference between our method BBC-Press and the other three methods is quite significant on all the five datasets  , given the small error bars. We made similar observations when we applied DB- SCAN to the metabolome data: the computed clusters contained newborns with all sorts of class labels. Finally  , the notion of the representative trajectory of a cluster is provided. TRACLUS clusters trajectories as line segments sub-trajectories independently of whether the whole trajectories belong to different or the same clusters; for this reason a variant of DBSCAN for line segments is proposed 14. DBSCAN requires as input global values for and M inP ts  , which are typically difficult to set  , and in many cases  , a global density level will not reveal the complete cluster structure in the data. Clusters 1 and 2 account for 54% of the sessions with stability scores of 0.87 and 0.85 respectively. Our work  , on the other hand  , introduces cluster level constraints in addition to instance level constraints. As a result  , the result of STING approaches that of DBSCAN when the granularity approaches zero. z examine the area around it within distance d to see if the density is greater than c. This is equivalent to check if the number of points including itself within this area is greater than c x nd2 = k + 1. In fact  , for some situations Figure 4 d to f  , DBSCAN and Single Link Agglomerative give slightly worse than random performance resulting in ARI values that are slightly below 0. Density-based techniques like DBSCAN 4  , OPTICS 2 consider the density around each point to demarcate boundaries and identify the core cluster points. Finding the appropriate parameters for DB- SCAN and identifying cluster boundaries in OPTICS are challenges to the user. We do not consider the redundant projections of all subspace clusters generated by the Apriori style of SUBCLU and CLIQUE but only concentrate on the true clusters hidden by the data generator. In our experiments  , it only requires 3 minutes to deal with one-day user logs of 150 ,000 queries. During our experiments  , DBSCAN outperformed CLARANS 8 by a factor of between 250 and 1900  , which increases with the size of the database. With respect to RQ2 cluster stability scores can be used help determine the optimum number of clusters and evaluate the " goodness " of the resulting clusters 7. When setting the speed-up factor to 1.0  , we obtain the number of updates denoted by MaxUpdates up to which the multiple application of IncrementalDBSCAN for each update is more efficient than the single application of DBSCAN to the whole updated database. Figure 10: MaxUpdates depending on database size for different relative frequencies of deletions For DBSCAN we do not show the results for DS4 and Swiss-roll since it returned only one cluster  , even when we played with different parameter set- tings. For the larger DS4 dataset SPARCL has an order of magnitude faster performance  , showing the real strength of our approach. Since there are a lot of noise data  , DBSCAN with larger Eps is likely to include those noise data and cause chain affection  , forming serval larger clusters instead of small individual clusters. We also observed that the relative performance between U-AHC and F OPTICS  , and between F DBSCAN and U-AHC did not substantially vary with the dataset. 2 We also performed a preliminary tuning phase to properly set the number of samples s for accuracy evaluation; in particular  , for each method and dataset  , we chose s in such a way that there was no significant improvement in accuracy for any s > s.  turn. Figure 10depicts the values of MaxUpdates depending on n for fde values of up to 0.5 which is the maximum value to be expected in most real applications. For questions with a simple answer pattern  , the answer candidates can be found by fixed pattern matching. Our pattern matching component consists of two parts  , fixed pattern matching and partial pattern matching. As for those with complex answer patterns  , we try to locate answer candidates via partial pattern matching. We now define the graph pattern matching problem in a distributed setting. Distributed graph pattern matching. Patterns are organized in a list according to their scores. Fixed pattern matching scans each passage and does pattern matching. One promising technique to circumvent this is soft pattern matching. We conjecture that current pattern matching applications may be hindered due to the rigidity of hard matching. Pattern matching is simple to manipulate results and implement. Instead of building a classifier we use pattern matching methods to find corresponding slot values for entities. Consequently  , we believe that any practical IE optimizer must optimize pattern matching. The work 6 describes other large-scale pattern matching examples. Next  , each model's location is estimated. When an eye image is input  , the pattern matching is carried out with the pattern matching model  , memorized previously. A Basic Graph Pattern is a set of statement patterns. Definition 15 Basic Graph Pattern Matching. Graph pattern matching Consider the graph pattern P from Fig. Example 2. The Pattern Matching stream consists of three stages: Generation  , Document Prefetch and Matching. In most applications  , however  , substring pattern matching was applied  , in which an " occurrence " is when the pattern symbols occur contiguously in the text. Pattern matching has been used in a number of applications . However  , their pattern languages are limited by a small number of pattern variables for matching linguistic structures. SCRUPLE 10 and JaTS 5  provide pattern matching facilities that can interpret source-code like patterns. Matching is meant here as deciding whether either a given ontology or its part is compliant matches with a given pattern. Introducing a pattern language opens another interesting direction: pattern matching and induction. Kumar and Spafford 10 applied subsequence pattern matching to intrusion detection. If no matching pattern is found  , the exception propagates up the call stack until a matching handler is found. For the first matching pattern  , the exception handler of that catch block is executed. Surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . Feature matching method needs to abstract features e.g. Two kinds of matching methods are oftcn uscd: Feature matching method and pattern matching method 8. Recognizing the oosperm and the micro tube is virtually a matching problem. This is the value used for pattern matching evaluation. 9 Let us examine a small pattern-matching example . Example. This package provides reawnably fast pattc:rn matching over a rich pattern language. To effect the pattern matching it.self  , finite automata techniques l such as the UNIX regec package can be used. The final score of a sentence incorporates both its centroid based weight and the soft pattern matching weight. We compute each input sentence's pattern matching weight by using Equation 6. But in our case  , pattern matching occurs relatively less frequently than during a batch transformation. The restriction of axes in XSLT has been introduced for performance reasons and the goal was to allow efficient pattern matching. The output of this pattern matching phase is tuples of labels for relevant nodes  , which is considered as intermediate result set  , named as RS intermediate . As mentioned previously  , we adopt VERT for pattern matching. Note that these early work however do not consider AD relationship  , which is common for XML queries. Bottom-up tree pattern matching has been extensively studied in the area of classic tree pattern matching 12. The correlation operation can be seen as a form of convolution where the pattern matching model Mx ,y is analogous to the convolution kernel: Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. Once a matching sentiment pattern is found  , the target and sentiment assignment are determined as defined in the sentiment pattern. SA first identifies the T-expression  , and tries to find matching sentiment patterns. var is a set of special alternative words  , which are usually shared by various patterns and also assigned in question pattern matching. A question chunk  , expected by certain slots  , is assigned in question pattern matching. Let E k 1 ≤ k ≤ m denote the kth named entity in the annotated passage  , T i denotes the ith query keyword Different from previous empirical work  , we show how soft pattern matching is achieved within the framework of two standard probabilistic models. In this paper  , we build upon the earlier work in soft pattern matching. Each pattern matching step either involves the use of regular expressions or an external dictionary such as a dictionary of person names or product names. These navigational features are then fed into a sequence of pattern matching steps. For the first variation the text collection was the Web  , and for the second  , the local AQUAINT corpus. Two variations of this stream were implemented  , Web Pattern Matching and Collection Pattern Matching. However  , they do not maintain the hierarchical structure of a single stack since Lemma 1 does not hold for graph data. In addition  , not all types of NE can be captured by pattern matching effectively. That is exactly the rational behind our hybrid approach to IE combining pattern matching rules and statistical learning Srihari 1998 The triple pattern matching operator transforms a logical RDF stream into a logical data stream  , i.e. Therefore  , the triple pattern matching operator must be placed in a plan before any of the following operators. By incorporating 'anchor control' logic it is possible to operate some sub-sets of cascades in the unanchored mode  , sub-pattern matching mode  , variable precursor matching mode or a combination thereof. The techniques of unanchored mode operation  , sub-pattern matching   , 'don't care' symbols  , variable precursor position anchoring and selective anchoring as described for a single cascade can be extended to this twodimensional pattern matching device. If a text segment matches with a pattern  , then the text segment is identified to contain the relationship associated with the pattern. A pattern matching program was developed to identify the segments of the text that match with each pattern. Each pattern box provides visual handles for direct manipulation of the pattern. Using the generated pattern as a starting point  , the developer interactively modifies the pattern by inserting wildcards and matching constraints. This eases parsing  , pattern declaration and matching  , and it makes the composition interface explicit. We explicitly declare the pattern type i.e. , the associated nonterminal of the pattern root and of the variable symbols in σΓ in the pattern specification. This is a problem that has received some attention from the pattern matching research community. 4 also propose to find relevant formulae using pattern matching. Kamali et.al. pressive language. Particularly complex operations on software graphs are pattern matching and transitive closure computation. The patterns are described in Table 2. 8is to recognize a parameter by pattern matching. In our simplified version of pattern matching  , the search trajectory was designed as follows. The averagc Previously examined by Cui et al. Function recParam in Fig. The tree-pattern matching proceeds in two phases. As a result  , it may have false positives. proposed a similar method to inverse pattern matching that included wild cards 9. Lee et al. A type constraint annotation restricts the static Java type of the matching expression. More generally  , pattern annotations control the scope of the pattern match. In the Generation stage  , the question is analyzed and possible answer patterns are generated. There are several main differences between string matching and the discovery of FA patterns. Note that in this paper  , we focus on ordered twig pattern matching. Both '/' and '//' in the pattern are treated as regular tree edges. Patterns are sorted by question types and stored in pattern files. Only patterns with score greater than some empirically determined threshold are applied in pattern matching. For example  , consider the tree representation of the pattern Q 1 in Figure 3 . Overlapping features: Overlapping features of adjacent terms are extracted. String pattern matching and domain knowledge are used for features of formula pattern. Note that it contains variables that have already been bound by the change pattern matching. Next  , we consider the graph pattern in the first loop. The final score is the product of the pattern score and matching score. The matching score is calculated according to how well the semantic features are matched. The lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the well studied multi-pattern matching problem in the string matching literature 25. During In our scenario  , if each entity is modeled as a pattern  , the lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the multi-pattern matching problem. The goal of multi-pattern matching is to find within a text string d all occurrences of patterns from a given set. Although surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems  , the patterns used in ILQUA are better since they are automatically generated by a supervised learning system and represented in a format of regular expressions which contain multiple question terms. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search  , and syntactic dependency matching . All of the points have the same pattern and this is suitable for a template matching because the points may be able to be extracted through a template matching procedure using only one template. And a chess board pattern is adopted as a calibration pattern because it is full of intersections of lines and supplies the enormous points in one image. In such a case  , we first need to distribute the expression " GRAPH γ " appropriately to atomic triple patterns in order to prescribe atomic SPARQL expressions accessible by basic quadruple pattern matching. Basic quadruple pattern matching is not directly applicable  , if an expression " GRAPH γ " appears outside a complex triple pattern . The pattern-matching language is based on regular expressions over the annotations; when a sequence of annotations is matched by the left-hand side pattern  , then the right-hand side defines the type of annotation to be added Organization in the example case above. Rule writing requires some knowledge of the JAPE pattern-matching lan- guage 11 and ANNIE annotations. In addition to surface pattern matching  , we also adopt n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. The Sparkwave 10 system was built to perform continuous pattern matching over RDF streams by supporting expressive pattern definitions  , sliding windows and schema-entailed knowledge. Finally  , OPS examined the matching trees that emerged from the graph traversal to determine the matching subscriptions. Pattern matching with variable 'don't care' symbols can now be easily performed  , if the input signals set the D flip-flop values throughout the duration of pattern matching. If the 'don't care' operation is to be externally controlled  , a cascade of'don't care' flip-flops D and F as shown in Figure 19.5  , similar to the anchor flip-flops  , has to be set prior to the beginning of the pattern matching operation. Our system focuses on ordered twig pattern matching  , which is essential for applications where the nodes in a twig pattern follow the document order in XML. Rather the twig pattern is matched as a whole due to sequence transformation. We enhanced the pattern recognition engine in ViPER to execute concurrent parallel pattern matching threads in spite of running Atheris for each pattern serially. It is therefore necessary to annotate all patterns before sending the page to the client. We tested our technique using the data sets obtained from the University of New Mexico. Finally  , a novel pattern matching module is proposed to detect intrusions based on both intra-pattern and inter-pattern anomalies. This approach benefits from a better performance by avoiding multiple input parsing. For each token  , we look for the longest pattern of token features that matches with pattern rules. -Named Entity analyzer uses language specific context-sensitive rules based on word features recognition pattern matching. Such overlap relationship characterizes the normal behavior of the application. Therefore  , the system works in stages: it ranks all sentences using centroid-based ranking and soft pattern matching  , and takes the top ranked sentences as candidate definition sentences. The purpose of using such hard matching patterns in addition to soft matching patterns is to capture those well-formed definition sentences that are missed due to the imposed cut-off of ranking scores by soft pattern matching and centroid-based weighting. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. A recent paper by Müller et al. their rapid evaluation. Proposals for pattern-matching operators are of little use unless indices can be defined to permit . Yet ShopBot has several limitations. ShopBot relies on a combination of heuristic search  , pattern matching  , and inductive learning techniques. The interesting subtlety is that pattern matching can introduce aliases for existing distinguishing values. These rules handle match statements. Approaches that use pattern matching e.g. Furthermore  , accuracy can usually be varied at the cost of recall. TwigStack 7  , attract lots of research attention. That also explains why many twig pattern matching techniques  , e.g. The research question is: pattern. Determining the changes between two versions enables matching of their code elements. 18 have demonstrated that soft pattern matching greatly improves recall in an IE system. Xiao et al. We have so far introduced features of the matching rule language mainly through examples. The pattern symbols are: Regarding input data generation  , all sequences  , matching the pattern are favored and get higher chance to occur. Results of query " graph pattern " with terms-based matching and different rankings: 1 Semantic richness  , 2 Recency. The *SENTENCE* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single sentence. We allow seoping using two functions. with grouping  , existing pattern matching techniques are no longer effective. This query can be expressed in XQuery 1.1 as follows: For each context pattern and each snippet search engine returned  , select the words matching tag <A> as the answer. YATL is a declarative  , rule based language featuring pattern matching and restructuring operators. Tree models form an instantiation hierarchy. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : The basic problem is then to limit combinatorial explosion while deducinc knowledge. In SPARQL 5 no operator for the transformation from RDF statements to SPARQL is defined. Triple Pattern Matching. In the pattern matching step  , we will compare performance of the several kernel functions e.g. Daubechies' wavelet. They primarily used heuristics and pattern matching for recognizing URLs of homepages. —the first system for homepage finding. SPARQL  , a W3C recommendation  , is a pattern-matching query language. The rewriting is sound iff Q G is contained in Each template rule specifies a matching pattern and a mode. A basic XSLT program is a collection of template rules. Tree-Pattern Matching. A run-time stack keeps the states reached and allows such a state backtracking. It also leverages existing definitions from external resources. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and definition pattern matching. We obtain We assume  , however  , that indexes are used to access triples matching a triple pattern efficiently. Listing1.2 shows a simple SPARQL query without data streams. The triple pattern matching operator transforms RDF statements into SPARQL solutions. 4 have demonstrated the utility of DTW for ECG pattern matching. Many researchers including Caiani et al. In this paper  , an improved circuit structure corresponds to the complex regular expressions pattern matching is achieved. REFERENCE Second  , the notions of pattern matching and implicit context item at each point of the evaluation of a stylesheet do not exist in XQuery. First  , although xsl:apply-templates may resemble a function call  , its semantics does not correspond to explicit function calls  , but instead relies on a kind of dynamic dispatch based on pattern matching  , template priority  , import precedence  , and modes. We will focus our related work discussion on path extraction queries. These languages can be classified into two categories: path pattern matching queries 22  , 23  , 20  , 10  , 17 that find node pairs connected by paths matching a path pattern; and path " extraction " queries 21  , 13  , 4  , 18  , 12 that return paths. Likewise  , the pattern-matching language in REFINE provides a powerful unification facility   , but this appears to be undecidable—no published results are available about the expressive power of its pattern-matching language. One writes analyzers essentially by programming in a full pro- gramming language; no guarantees can be made about the complexity of analyzers written in ARL  , or VTP. We integrated Mathematica8 into our system  , to perform pattern matching on the equations and identify occurrences within a predefined set of patterns. To address this issue  , we relied on pattern matching  , a very powerful feature that current Computer Algebra Systems CAS provide. On the other hand  , our pattern matching approach is more suitable for determining supporting documents and is therefore the preferable approach for answer projection. Thus we always prefer its answers over results obtained with pattern matching  , which we use as a backup for the remaining questions. Concept assignment is semantic pattern matching in the application domain  , enabling the engineer to search the underlying code base for program fragments that implement a concept from the application domain. Plan recognition is semantic pattern matching in the programming-language domain  , for example identifying common and stereotypical code fragments known as cliches. Traditional pattern-matching languages such as PERL get " hopelessly long-winded and error prone " 5   , when used for such complex tasks. Using pattern matching for NE recognition requires the development of patterns over multi-faceted structures that consider many different token properties e.g orthography  , morphology  , part of speech information etc. The result of unsupervised pattern learning through PRF is a set of soft patterns as presented in Section 2 Step 3a. Option −w means searching for the pattern expression as a word. -bash-2.05>echo "test1 test test2" | grep -Fw test -bash-2.05> Option −F prescribes that the pattern expression is used as a string to perform matching. For example  , the pattern language for Java names allows glob-style wildcards  , with " * " matching a letter sequence and "  ? " String and numeric literals  , Java names  , access modifier lists  , and other non-structured entities are represented using simple text-based pattern languages. The recognition module of person's name  , place  , organization and transliteration is more complex. We use a pattern-matching module to recognize those OODs with fixed structure pattern  , such as money  , date  , time  , percentage and digit. This method requires users to learn specific query language to input query " pattern " and also requires to predefine many patterns manually in advance. Pattern induction   , in contrast  , is intended as detecting the regularities in an ontology  , seeking recurring patterns. The pattern was initially mounted on a tripod and arbitrarily placed in front of the stereo head Fig. Moreover   , the advantage of using this software and pattern is to eliminate human-introduced errors in the selection and matching of points. At the end of this pattern-matching operation  , each element of the structure is associated with a set of indexing terms which are then stored in the indexing base. Moreover the pattern-matching procedure controls  , through nonnalization any excessive growth of the indexing term set. While it is easy to imagine uses of pattern matching primitives in real applications  , such as search engines and text mining tools  , rank/select operations appear uncommon. Typical examples include: pattern matching exact  , approximate  , with wild-cards ,..  , the ranking of a string in a sorted dictionary  , or the selection of the i-th string from it. By adopting regular expressions as types  , they could include rich operations over types in their type structure  , and that made it possible to capture precisely the behavior of pattern matching over strings in their type system. for a minimal functional language with string concatenation and pattern matching over strings 23. Basic pattern matching now considers quadruples and it annotates variable assignments from basic matches with atomic statements from S and variable assignments from complex matches with Boolean formulae F ∈ F over S . Only the basic pattern matching has been changed slightly. However  , we assume that the structure is flat for some operations on pattern-matching queries  , which would not be applicable if the structure was not flat. This restriction is not essential  , since those pattern-matching expressions could perfectly well generate a nested structure. The conceptual definition of pattern matching implies finding the existence of parent node such that when evaluating XPath P with that parent node as a context node yields the result containing the testing node to which template is applicable. The XPath P used in the pattern matching of a template can have multiple XPath steps with predicates. A pattern matched in a relevant web page counts more than one matched in a less relevant one. Third and most important  , we contextualize the pattern matching by distinguishing between relevant and non-relevant pages. As discussed in Section 5  , the size is strongly related to the selectivity . Note that in the following we refer to the number of triples matching a pattern as the size of the pattern. We believe that much information about patterns can be retrieved by analyzing the names of identifiers and comments. Fourth  , we have launched a Master's project to investigate recovery of pattern-based design components with full-text  , pattern-matching techniques. Once the pattern tree match has occurred we must have a logical method to access the matched nodes without having to reapply a pattern tree matching or navigate to them. edge in the APT. Only the definition of windows over the data streams and the new triple pattern operator need special rules. However  , we can still simplify the pattern by removing the parent axis check as shown in We have developed an alternative method based on auxiliary data constructs: condition pattern relations and join pattern relations Segev & Zhao  , 1991a. That structure requires propagating matching patterns to multiple relations when the dimension of joins is larger than two. Semantic pattern discovery aims to relate the data item slots in Pm to the data components in the user-defined schema. Therefore  , each slot of a line can be identified by matching Pc and the line pattern. This is a type of template matching methodology  , where the search region is 1074 examined for a match between the observed pattern and the expected template  , stored in the database. Once the pattern is justified  , the door is successfully detected. Some sentiment patterns define the target and its sentiment explicitly. In a recent survey 19   , methods of pattern matching on graphs are categorized into exact and inexact matching. However  , such structural join approaches often induce large intermediate results which may severely limit the query efficiency. We mainly focus on matching similar shapes. In all of the above tasks  , the central problem is similarity matching: 'find tumors that are similar to a gaven pattern' including shape  , shape changes  , and demographic patient data. The semantics of SPARQL is defined as usual based on matching of basic graph patterns BGPs  , more complex patterns are defined as per the usual SPARQL algebra and evaluated on top of basic graph pattern matching  , cf. 7 In this paper  , we use correlation based pattern' matching to realize the recognition of the oosperm and micro tube in real time. , F k  of data graph G  , in which each fragment Fi = GVi  , Bi i ∈ 1  , k is placed at a separate machine Si  , the distributed graph pattern matching problem is to find the maximum match in G for Q  , via graph simulation. Answering these queries amounts to the task of graph pattern matching  , where subgraphs in the data graph matching the query pattern are returned as results. They represent patterns because either predicate  , subject or object might be a variable  , or is explicitly specified as a constant. To minimize the number of unsupported answers  , we decided to always prefer documents identified with pattern matching over those found by the answer type approach. Pleft_seq|SP L  and Pright_seq|SP R  give the probabilistic pattern matching scores of the left and right sequences of the instance  , given the corresponding soft pattern SP matching models. where ins represents a test instance and C denotes the context model. Unknown viruses applying this technique are even more difficult to detect. Self-encrypting and polymorphic viruses were originally devised to circumvent pattern-matching detection by preventing the virus generating a pattern. As an enhanced version of the self-encrypting virus  , a polymorphic virus was designed to avoid any fixed pattern. Moreover  , patterns can only be determined from the unencrypted segment i.e. , the decryption code  , impeding pattern matching even further . In Snowball  , the generated patterns are mainly based on keyword matching. Specificity means the pattern is able to identify high-quality relation tuples; while coverage means the pattern can identify a statistically non-trivial number of good relation tuples . Our pattern matching approach uses textual patterns to classify and interpret questions and to extract answers from text snippets. For instance  , the following is an answer pattern for the property profession: <Target> works as a <Property>. Patterns for answer extraction are learned from question-answer pairs using the Web as a resource for pattern retrieval. Our pattern matching approach interprets a question by creating a concise representation of the question string that preserves the semantics. p i and sq i are the index of pattern and sequence respectively  , indicating from where the further matching starts. value is a probability of sequence segment containing pattern segment. These approaches focus on analyzing one-shot data points to detect emergent events. Pattern-based approaches  , on the other hand  , represent events as spatio-temporal patterns in sensor readings and detect events using efficient pattern matching techniques. In order to identify the list of instructions to re-evaluate  , a pattern matching is performed on the entire re-evaluation rules set. The second optimization is the pattern inclusion. Missing components or sequences in a model compared to an otherwise matching pattern are classed as " incomplete " . A set of intermodel checks between different requirements representation pattern is classed as " incorrectness " . Input rule files are compiled into a graph representation and a depth first search is performed to see if a certain token starts a pattern match. Rose starts by invoking a traditional pattern matching and lexicon based information extraction engine. This way  , when no pattern has been successfully validated  , the system returns NIL as answer. Consequently  , our approach performs probable answer detection and extraction by applying syntactic pattern-matching techniques over relevant paragraphs. Second-order relationships: The relationship between two or more variables is influenced by a third variable. In other words  , a précis pattern comprises a kind of a " plan " for collecting tuples matching the query and others related to them. Joins on a précis pattern are executed in order of decreasing weight. The max-error criterion specifies the maximum number of insertion errors allowed for pattern matching. The min-support criterion specifies the minimum num-ber of times a pattern has to be observed to be considered frequent. In more recent systems  , Lucene  , a high-performance text retrieval library  , is often deployed for more sophisticated index and searching capability. Searching can be as simple as token matching Math- World or pattern matching 15. This includes: word matching  , pattern matching and wildcards  , stemming  , relevance ranking  , and mixed mode searchmg text  , numeric  , range  , date. The IR ,-engine provides the core set of text-retrieval capabilities required by Super- Pages. This system employs two novel ideas related to generic answer type matching using web counts and web snippet pattern matching. 2   , which does not make use of advanced NLP tools. A simpler  , faster subset of this approach is to perform pattern matching based on features. The above method could employ a variety of pattern­ matching and optimization techniques for sensory interpretation. We choose pattern matching as our baseline technique in the toolkit  , because it can be easily customized to distill information for new types of entities and attributes. In KBP2010  , we developed three pipelines including pattern matching  , supervised classification based Information Extraction IE and Question-Answering based 1. Although surface text pattern matching is a simple method  , it is very effective and accurate to answering specific types of ques- tions. Surface text pattern matching has been adopted by some researchers Ravichandran & Hovy 2002  , Soubbotin 2002 in building QA system during the last few years. In addition   , system supports patterns combining exact matching of some of their parts and approximate matching of other parts  , unbounded number of wild cards  , arbitrary regular expressions  , and combinations  , exactly or allowing errors. For each word of a pattern it allows to have not only single letters in the pattern   , but any set of characters at each position. The patterns are assumed to be always right-adjusted in each cascade. We adopted existing code for SQL cross-matching queries 2 and added a special xmatch pattern to simplify queries. Users can either write their own SQL queries or choose cross-matching queries from a predefined set. However automatic pattern extraction can introduce errors and syntactic dependency matching can lead to incorrect answers too. The performance is based on the automatically extracted patterns and n-gram syntactic matching . Because matching is based on predicates  , DARQ currently only supports queries with bound predicates. The matching compares the predicate in a triple pattern with the predicate defined for a capability and evaluated the constraint for subject and object. It is widely used for retrieving RDF data because RDF triples form a graph  , and graph patterns matching subgraphs of this graph can be specified as SPARQL queries. Basically  , SPARQL rests on the notion of graph pattern matching. Answer extraction methods applied are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . ILQUA has been built as an IE-driven QA system ; it extracts answers from documents annotated with named entity tags. δ represents a tunable parameter to favor either the centroid weight or the pattern weight. where Centroid_weight denotes the statistical weight obtained by the centroid based method and Pattern_weight is the weight of soft pattern matching. Instructions associated to a pattern that matches that node need to be re-evaluated. This is achieved by applying a pattern matching between re-evaluation rule patterns and the node currently being modified. We call all the sessions supporting a pattern as its support set. A session S supports a pattern P if and only if P is a subsequence of S not violating string matching constraint. None of these tools are integrated with an interactive development environment  , nor do they provide scaffolding for transformation construction. However  , developers have to write these pattern specifications as an overlay on the underlying code. Cossette and colleagues 9 used a pattern matching approach to link artifacts among languages. The matching is holistic since FiST does not break a twig pattern into root-to-leaf paths. Ambiguous strings are handled at the same time. To demonstrate the flexibility and the potential of the LOTUS framework  , we performed retrieval on the query " graph pattern " . Existing tools like RepeatMasker 12 only solve the problem of pattern matching  , rather than pattern discovery without prior knowledge. It is therefore worth the effort to mine the complete set. Three classes of matching schemes are used for the detection of patterns namely the state-  , the velocity-and the frequency-matching. Regularity Detection is used to detect specific patterns of movement from a properly structured database Itinerary Pattern Base. That is  , the specific pattern-matching mechanism has to influence only that application context. Of course  , only those access events performed by agents of the application example must trigger the reaction leading to the new pattem-matching mechanism. We expect melodic pattern matching to involve what we call " complex traversal " of streamed data. Especially with unpitched sources  , we expect that searching for a melody will be complex  , not simply a matter of literal string matching. To answer " Factoid " and " List " questions  , we apply our answer extraction methods on NE-tagged passages. The pattern matching problem in IE tasks are formally the same as definition sentence retrieval. Our two soft matching models are generic and can be extended to related areas that require modeling of contextual patterns  , such as information extraction IE. The merit of template matching is that it is tolerant to noise and flexible about template pattern. In this paper  , to resolve the problems in conventional methods  , a template matching which is accompanied with projective transformation is proposed. Many commercially available anti-virus programs apply a detection system based on the " pattern signature matching " or " scanner " method. Existing patterns are rendered inapplicable to matching simply with partial modification of the virus code as seen in numerous variants. The results of the pattern-matching are also linguistically normalized  , i.e. We overcome this problem by actually downloading the pages  , analyzing them linguistically  , and matching the patterns instead of merely generating them and counting their Google hits. The prototypes of data objects must be considered during entity matching to find patterns. Thus  , pattern mining that relies solely on matching type names for program entities would not work. Applicability in an Epoq optimizer is similar in function to pattern-matching and condition-matching of left-hand sides in more traditional rule-based optimizers. Thus  , they are used to improve the efficiency of the optimizer. With the manual F 3 measure  , all three soft pattern models perform significantly better than the baseline p ≤ 0.01. 2 that soft matching patterns outperform manually constructed hard matching patterns in both manual and automatic evaluations. To answer " Factoid " and " List " questions  , we apply our answer extraction methods on NE-tagged passages or sentences. 9  , originally used for production rule systems  , is an efficient solution to the facts-rules pattern matching problem. The main disadvantage of predicate-based matching is that predicates should be pre-defined in advance. As mentioned above  , the pattern should skip this substring and start a new matching step. From the foregone information of success matching  , it can get the substring T8 ,9= " is "   , while there is no substring " is " in P1 ,2 ,3 ,4. Besides the detection and localization of a neural pattern  , the comparison and matching of the observed pattern to a set of templates is another interesting question 18. QUANTUM PATTERN RECOGNITION Pattern recognition is one of the basic problems in BCI systems. They also discuss the subtlety we mention in Sec. Haack and Jeffrey 6 discuss their pattern-matching system in the context of the Spi-calculus. Presence of modes allows different templates to be chosen when the computation arrives on the same node. The recursion in the SPARQL query evaluation defined here is indeed identical to 11  , 13. The same assumption is made for grouping constraint and output aggregate function. Later on  , standard IR techniques have been used for this task. Backtracking moves to the next breakpoint fget or the next visible variable current-var. Pattern matching checks the attributes of events or variables. This paper focuses on the ranking model. The extraction can be done using simple pattern matching or state-of-the-art entity extractors. slot is bound to the key chunks of questions. ANSWER indicates the expected answer. The basic cell for all pattern matching operations is shown in Figure 19.2. The equations describing the cell can be written as Wiki considers the Wikipedia redirect pairs as the candidates. Pattern considers the words matching the patterns extracted from the original query as candidates. Encounters green are generated using a camera on the quadrotor to detect the checkerboard pattern on the ground robot and are refined by scan matching. In order to avoid this drawback  , we implemented a new module of text-independent user identification based on pattern matching techniques. System overview. The center coordinates of iris are estimated from each model that is estimated its location by pattern matching. Fig.4shows the situation of eye movement detection. proposed an inverse string matching technique that finds a pattern between two strings that maximizes or minimizes the number of mis- matches 1 . Amir et al. They analyze the text of the code for patterns which the programmer wants to find. Pattern matching tools help the programmer with the task of chunking. Other languages for programming cryptographic protocols also contain this functionality. We discuss our method of soft pattern generalization and matching in the next section. Both experiments show significant improvement over baseline systems. The pages that can be extracted at least one object are regarded as object pages. Each URL not matching any patterns is regarded as a single pattern. A new technique is required to handle the grouping operation in queries. The value which is determined by pattern matching is DataC KK the server's public key for the signature verification . kgenArgS 12. This information is then logically combined into the proof obligations. Implementability and operation decomposition are expressed similarly: pattern matching is used to extract the necessary in- formation. Tuples are anonymous  , thus their removal takes place through pattern matching on the tuple contents. Tuples can be removed from a tuple space by executing inp. The Concern Manipulation Environment CME supports its own pattern-matching language for code querying. SOQUET on the other hand  , emphasizes relations specific to crosscutting concerns implementation. The instrumentation is based on rules for pattern-matching and is thus independent of the actual application. The satellites automatically instrument the application using Javassist 25. Siena is an event notification architecture . Replace performs pattern matching and substitution and is available in the SIR with 32 versions that contain seeded faults. There have been many studies on this problem. In the literature " approximate string matching " also refers to the problem of finding a pattern string approximately in a text. To tackle this problem  , other musical features e.g. , chord progressions  , change in dynamics  , etc. This was mainly caused by the inaccuracy of the approximate pattern matching. The definition generation module first extracts definition sentences from the document set. Perfect match is not always guaranteed. The candidate sentences are parsed and the parse trees are traversed bottom-up to do pattern matching. Our patterns are flexible -note that the example and matched sentences have somewhat different trees. ple sentence to pattern  , and then shows a matching sentence. All the following described operators consume logical streams. For every pattern tp i in query Q  , a sorted access sa i retrieves matching triples in descending score order. Access. The argument can be any expression of antecedent operators and concepts and text. Thereby  , the amount of informa3. When w  , r  , or w 0 is *  , the frequency counts af all dependency triples matching the rest of the pattern are summed up. For the first run  , definition-style answers were obtained with KMS definition pattern-matching routines as described. Two runs were made. Some question types have up to 500 patterns. Morph considers the morphologically similar words as candidates.  ls: lightly stemmed words  , obtained by using pattern matching to remove common prefixes and suffixes. 2g  , 3g  , … 7g: character n-grams 2-7 gram. As an example  , consider the problem of pattern matching with electrocardiograms. However  , one may wish to assign different weights to different parts of the time series. Autonomous robots may exhibit similar characteristics. Biological swarm members often exhibit behavioral matching based on the localized group's pattern  , such that behaviors are synchronized 4. The reason is the handling of pattern matching in the generated Java code with trivially true conditional statements. Coverage does not exceed 79%. A search token is a sequence of characters defining a pattern for matching linguistic tokens. Leaf nodes in an XML document tree may contain multiple linguistic tokens. Xcerpt's pattern matching is based on simulation unification. 2 Novel evaluation methods for Xcerpt  , enabled by high-level query constructs  , are being investigated. We do not present an exhaustive case study. In the following  , we give some formulas in order to perform pattern matching between expressions and patterns. It can extract facts of a certain given relation from Web documents. Leila is a state-ofthe-art system that uses pattern matching on natural language text. Second  , po boils down to " pattern matching  , " which is a major function of today's page-based search engine. We can similarly handle factors 3 and 4. Through training  , each pattern is assigned the probability that the matching text contains the correct answer. based on a training set of given question-answer pairs. Stream slot filling is done by pattern matching documents with manually produced patterns for slots of interest. In Figure 1we refer to this as Streaming Slot Value Extraction. We have reviewed the newly-adopted techniques in our QA system. Also  , there is a need to find ways to integrate numberic matching into the soft pattern models. -relevance evaluation  , which allows ordering of answers. This important feature IS based on a syntacttc pattern matching between user's concepts and system known concepts. These patterns were automatically mined from web and organized by question type. Some question type has up to several hundred patterns. Similar to the twig query  , we can also define matching twig patterns on a bisimulation graph of an XML tree. We call this bisimulation graph the twig pattern. The searching trajectory can be designed intentionally to ease detection of such features. The template of a character is represented by a dot pattern on the 50*50 grid. Character recognition is conducted using template matching.  s: aggressively stemmed words  , found using the Sebawai morphological analyzer. ls: lightly stemmed words  , obtained by using pattern matching to remove common prefixes and suffixes. The generated file is used for programming of FPGA and pattern matching. Snort library is sorted  , optimized and compiled by rule compiler. The general idea behind the approach is pattern matching. The advantage of our approach is that it is not limited to a pre-defined set of semantic categories. Researchers using genetic data frequently are interested in finding similar sequences. Consequently searches need to be based on similarity or analogy – and not on exact pattern-matching. Then we insert randomly some sequences  , defined as " suspicious "   , and detect them through our threshold mechanism. The program slice is smaller than the whole program  , and therefore easier to read and understand. The representation for data objects and their relationships with each other is a relational data base with a pattern-matching access mechanism. goal-directed invocation. A more likely domain/range restriction enhances the candidate matching. For this pattern  , dbo:City is more likely to be a domain than dbo:Scientist  , and so for the range. A somewhat different approach to facilitate multiple language comprehension is DSketch. Application designers can exploit the programmability of the tuple spaces in different ways. We chose the first 20 changed versions. Feasible ? Nevertheless  , such pattern matching is well supported in current engines  , by using inverted lists– our realization can build upon similar techniques. Implementation We have developed a prototype tool for coverage refinement . The time overhead of event instrumentation and pattern matching is approximately 300 times to the program execution. One aspect of our work extends CPPL to include match statements that perform pattern matching. In this paper we are only interested in SPARQL CONSTRUCT queries. SPARQL is a query language for RDF based on graph pattern matching  , which is defined in 4. The result is empty  , if negatively matched statements are known to be negative. This definition of basic graph pattern matching treats positively matched statement patterns as in 4. Some question type has up to 500 patterns. Additionally  , a classifier approach is more difficult to evaluate and explain results. Two sets of rules are developed to generate numbers and entities  , respectively. AskDragon uses pattern matching rules to generate candidate answers. In this paper we will consider only B-tree indices. Blank nodes have to be associated with values during pattern matching similiar to variables. Besides variables SPARQL permits blank nodes in triple patterns. it changes the schema of the contained elements. The Entrez Gene database and MeSH database were used for query expansion. Our system first extracted key terms from topic narratives by pattern matching. In their most general forms these ope~'a~ors are somewhat problematic. Similarly  , the *PARAGRAPH* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single paragraph. Pattern matching approaches are widely used because of their simplicity. The idea of the so-called pyramid search is depicted in figure 3. attack or legitimate activity  , according to the IDS model. This step performs the intrusion detection task  , matching each test pattern to one of the classes i.e. µ is a solution in evalG W   , BGP   , if it is complete for BGP and Our context consistency checking allows any data structure for context descriptions. The first context instance in Figure 1has a matching relation with the first pattern in Figure 2. A type system based on regular expressions was studied by Tabuchi et al. Definition 5.4 Complex graph pattern matching. Now we define the evaluation of complex graph patterns by operations on sets of variable assignments similar to 11  , 13. Normal frames with a hea.der pattern can be used for both matching and inheritance . These frames are used for inheritance only. However  , header patterns of those frames cannot be inherited -only their cases. Worse  , some JS variables might not have declared types O5. Since the combinator used in the event pattern is or  , matching el is sufficient to trigger the action . Say that an announced event that matches el is received . It was shown in the PRIX system 17  that the above encoding supports ordered twig pattern matching efficiently. Refer to Section 3. In order to print matches and present the results in root-to-leaf order  , we extended the mechanism proposed by 5. For example  , tree pattern matching has also been extensively studied in XML stream environment 7  , 15 . There are many promising future directions. due to poor lighting conditions  , reflections or dust. The matching can fail in the case that the pattern does not appear  , e.g. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and then applies the soft-pattern model for matching these definition sentences. The liberty to choose any feature detector is the advantage of this method. Also  , this method can be accelerated using hierarchical methods like in the pattern matching approach. Also  , interfaces based on structured query languages  , SPARQL in particular  , are widely employed. To cope with the problem of blank nodes we need to extend the definition for an RDF instance mapping from 9: The relative calibration between the rigs is achieved automatically via trajectory matching. The individual stereo rigs are calibrated in a standard way using a calibration pattern. Otherwise  , if no graph pattern from C matches  , the source graph pattern P represents graphs that can be transformed into unsafe graphs by applying r  , and If a graph pattern from C matches the source graph pattern  , the application of r is either irrelevant  , as the source graph pattern already represents a forbidden state  , or impossible   , because it is preempted by another matching rule with higher priority. Note that one image-pattern neuron is added at every training point and the target's pose at that point is stored in conjunction with the image-pattern neuron for use later. The existing or newly created layer-pattern neurons one per layer image exactly matching the training image are then in tum defined as an image pattern  , and a corresponding imagepattern neuron is introduced with connections to the appropriate layer-pattern neurons. Generic tree pattern matching with similar pattern description syntax is widely used in generic tree transformation systems such as OPTRAN 16  , TXL 5  , puma 11  , Gentle 18  , or TRAFOLA 13  , as well as in retargetable code generation  , such as IBURG 10. The idea is to model  , both the structure of the database and the query a pattern on structure  , as trees  , to find an embedding of the pattern into the database which respects the hierarchical relationships between nodes of the pattern. Matching 15: is a query model relying on a single primitive: tree inclusion. To avoid such an overhead  , each time a pattern is converted from an expression  , the expression's instruction is added to the re-evaluation rules that include the new pattern. After experimenting with several structural pattern languages based on text  , we discovered that any moderately sophisticated tern quickly becomes difficult to understand. This led us to a pattern language that consists of fragments of Java source code  , augmented with wildcards  , pattern variables  , and semantic matching constraints such as " static type of this expression must be a subtype of java.lang. Serializeable " . We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. The role pattern correlation matrix is the most likely similar to the collaborative group correlation matrix. Therefore  , a reasonable role-based identification is to assign the role pattern correlation matrix F R 1 ,2 which is the most similar to the one C We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. Standard pruning is straightforward and can be accomplished simply by hashing atomsets into bins of suhstructures based on the set of mining bonds. This approach is faster than traditional approaches both because counting occurs without the need to go back to the entire molecule and because counting is done through pattern-pattern instead of pattern-dataset matching  , which results in far fewer comparisons. A pattern describes what will be affected by the transformation; an action describes the replacement for every matching instance of the pattern in the source code. This experiment showed that a traditional pattern/action-based description of a searchand-replace transformation is a natural way to describe code changes. Given the fact that a question pattern usually share few common words with each perspective  , we can hardly build effective matching models based on word-level information. Since the question pattern represents what information is being asked irrespective of the topic entity  , intuitively a correct candidate chain should match the question pattern from the above three perspectives. This year  , we further incorporated a new answer extraction component Shen and Lapata  , 2007 by capturing evidence of semantic structure matching. In TREC 2006 Shen et al. , 2006   , we developed a maximum entropy-based answer ranking module  , which mainly captures the evidences of expected answer type matching  , surface pattern matching and dependency relation correlation between question and answer sentences. Approximate string matching 16 is an alternative to exact string matching  , where one textual pattern is matched to another while still allowing a number of errors. from the LOD Laundromat collection to be findable through approximate string matching on natural language literals. Nevertheless  , we anticipate that pattern-matching operations on NEUMES data as distinct from literal string matching will be required during melodic search and comparison operations. These patterns  , mainly consisting of appositives and copulas  , are high-precision patterns represented in regular expressions  , for instance " <SEARCH_TERM> is DT$ NNP " . Each time cgrep returns matching strings  , they are removed from the document representation and the procedure is repeated with the same phrase. For each subphrase in the list we use cgrep – a pattern matching program for extracting minimal matching strings Clarke 1995 to extract the minimal spans of text in the document containing the subphrase. The exact matching requires a total mapping from query nodes to data nodes  , i.e. , all query nodes are exactly matched by their corresponding data nodes  , and each parent-child " / " resp. To perform a matching operation with respect to a contiguous word phrase  , two approaches are possible. The straightforward solution  , which recursively Figure 3: Tree-pattern matching by subsequence matching identifies matches for each node within the query sequence in order  , requires quadratic time in the document size and therefore becomes not competitive. The heart of those methods is the subsequence matching module. For example  , if OOPDTool detects an instance of the FactoryMethod design pattern  , it would detect not only the presence of this pattern in the design but also all classes corresponding to the Abstract Creator  , Concrete Creator  , Abstract Product  , and Concrete Product participants found in this design pattern instance. By selecting the desired design patterns  , the user is able to receive a report indicating the design patterns found  , and all the elements matching each participant role involved in the pattern. The problem of mining graph-structured data has received considerable attention in recent years  , as it has applications in such diverse areas as biology  , the life sciences  , the World Wide Web  , or social sciences. The conjunctivequery approach to pattern matching allows for an efficiently checkable notion of frequency  , whereas in the subgraph-based approach  , determining whether a pattern is frequent is NP-complete in that approach the frequency of a pattern is the maximal number of disjoint subgraphs isomorphic to the pattern 20. Results The data are summarized in Table 1   , which gives totals for each pattern/scope combination  , and in Fig- ure 4  , which graphs the totals for each pattern and scope examples not matching any pattern are grouped under UNKNOWN. PATTERN: Response SCOPE: Global PARAMIZTERS: Propositions boolean vector LTL: RequestedRegisterImpli As noted above  , all of the specifications we found are available on the World Wide Web at 8. The problem of finding the top-k lightest loopless path  , matching a pre-specified pattern  , is NP-hard and furthermore   , simple heuristics and straightforward approaches are unable to efficiently solve the problem in real time see Section 2.3. We then formalize the problem as top-k lightest paths problem   , targeting the top-k lightest loopless paths between the entities   , matching the path pattern see Section 2.1. We have adopted a " query language " approach  , using a well understood  , expressively limited  , relatively compact query language; with GENOA  , if an analyzer is written strictly using the sublanguage Qgenoa  , the complexity is guaranteed to be polynomial. The idea proposed in 9  is to compile XSLT <applytemplates/> instruction into a combination of XQuery's conditional expressions where the expression conditions literally model the template pattern matching and the expression bodies contain function calls that invoke the corresponding XQuery function that translated from the XSLT template. The challenging aspect here is to how to translate <apply-templates/> instruction  , which implicitly demands the template pattern matching. If the pattern has a 'don't care' symbol  , then the cell should essentially perform a 'unit stage delay' function to propagate the match signal from the previous stage to the next stage. The operation of the pattern matching cascade with sub-string matching capability and 'don't care' characters is illustrated in If the anchor vector has ls in positions s1  , $2 ,.. s k positions the strings x ,.. x ,  , x ,~ .. x ,  , x~  , .. x. have occurred in the text string. For example  , if we know that the label " 1.2.3.4 " presents the path " a/b/c/d "   , then it is quite straightforward to identify whether the element matches a path pattern e.g. " With the knowledge of this property  , we further consider that if the names of all ancestors of u can be derived from labelu alone  , then XML path pattern matching can be directly reduced to string matching . We have already mentioned bug pattern matchers 10  , 13  , 27: tools that statically analyze programs to detect specific bugs by pattern matching the program structure to wellknown error patterns. The authors' experience is similar to ours in that ESC/Java used without annotating testee code produces too many spurious warnings to be useful alone. To detect both known and unknown viruses effectively and accurately  , we must be able to combat viruses that are capable of self-encryption and polymorphism. Exact queries in Aranea are generated by approximately a dozen pattern matching rules based query terms and their part-of-speech tags; morpho-lexical pattern matches trigger the creation of reformulated exact queries. is likely to appear within ten words and fifty bytes to the right of the exact phrase " the Mesozoic period ended " . We describe one such optimization in this paper  , which is called pattern indexing and is based on the observation that a document typically matches just a relatively small set of patterns. Annotated Pattern Trees accept edge matching specifications that can lift the restriction of the traditional oneto-one relationship between pattern tree node and witness tree node. Instead we will try to show the intuition on APTs and LCs and walk through an example with them. This method creates a definition of length N by taking the The extracted partial syntax-tree pattern contains Figure 2: Pattern extraction and matching for a Genus-Species sentence from an example sentence. Then the individual sentences are sorted in order of decreasing " centrality  , " as approximated by IDF-weighted cosine distance from the definition centroid. first N unique sentences out of this sorted order  , and serves as the TopN baseline method in our evaluation . In 1  , we came to the conclusion that the pattern matching approach suffers from a relatively low recall because the answer patterns are often too specific. An answer pattern covers the target  , the property  , an arbitrary string in between these objects plus one token preceding or following the property to indicate where it starts or ends. Higher-level problems  , including inconsistency  , incompleteness and incorrectness can be identified by comparing the semi-formal model to the Essential interaction pattern and to the " best practice " examples of EUC interaction pattern templates. Low-level inconsistency problems can be identified such as natural language phrases without matching semi-formal model elements and meta-model constraint violations of the extracted model. Given a back-point βintv  , p index  , the uncertain part of sequence S is the sequence segment S i that is inside β.intv  , while the pattern segment P i   , which is possibly involved in uncertain matching  , could be any pattern segment starting from β.p index. After greedy testing fails  , we acquire a list of back-points. For example  , the head-and-shoulder pattern consists of a head point  , two shoulder points and a pair of neck points. In 16  , we proposed a flexible time series pattern-matching scheme that was based on the fact that interesting and frequently appearing patterns are typically characterized by a few critical points. Such tools do not generate concrete test cases and often result in spurious warnings  , due to the unsoundness of the modeling of language semantics. A straightforward way to solve the top-k lightest paths problem is to enumerate all paths matching the given path pattern and pick the top-k lightest paths. Here vertex 6 can be mapped to both the second vertex label and the fourth vertex label in the path pattern. Therefore  , we need to convert a triple pattern into a set of coordinates in data space  , using the same hash functions that we used for index creation  , to obtain coordinates for a given RDF triple. To determine relevant sources we first need to identify the region in data space that contains all possible triples matching the pattern. Section 3 describes the architecture of our definition generation system  , including details of our application of PRF to automatically label the training data for soft pattern generalization. It also became clear that developers want to use high-level structural concepts e.g. , a class  , a variable  , an if-statement to describe patterns  , and prefer to use fragments of source code to describe actions. A rewrite rule is a double grafting transformation consisting of a tree pattern T also called " the lefthand side "  and advice Γ that is applied to the source at all locations where T matches. An aspect is a set of pattern-matching-based rewrite rules that statically extend a given program with sets of programming statements and declarations that together implement a crosscutting concern. The worst case scenario would be for the optimizer to not incorporate sorting into the pattern tree match and apply it afterwards. The selectivity of such query is determined by the original selection and the trees produced when matching the pattern tree of the selection to the database. Pattern matching deal with two problems  , the graph isomorphism problem that has a unknown computational complexity  , and the subgraph isomorphism problem which is NP-complete. in determining if there exists a mapping or isomorphism  between a graph pattern and a subgraph of a database graph use cases 2.1  , 2.12 and 2.13 in DAWG Draft 58. We expressly do not wish to support this because it would correspond to replay attacks and violate freshness assump- tions. We assume that XML documents are tokenized by a languagedependent tokenizer to identify linguistic tokens. To demonstrate how an application can add new facts to the YAGO ontology  , we conducted an experiment with the knowledge extraction system Leila 25 . Third  , template parameters  , as opposed to XQuery function parameters   , may be optional. However  , sequence < 1  , 3  , 2 > supports < 1  , 3 >. They hence can be pushed to be executed in the navigation pattern matching stage for deriving variable bindings. Intuitively  , this can be done because these constraints and conditions are  , in a sense  , analogous to the relational selection operations. Nevertheless  , CnC possibly suffers more than bug pattern matching tools in this regard because it has no domain-specific or context knowledge. As mentioned earlier  , every automatic error checking system has this weakness. With the use of AI techniques for semantic pattern matching  , it may be possible to build a relatively successful library manager. Simple keyword searching is unlikely to be adequate. In IntelliJ IDEA  , there is a facility called Structural Search and Replace that enables limited transformations by pattern matching on the syntax tree. In Eclipse  , it requires writing a new plugin  , and mastery of a number of complex APIs. The pattern-matching techniques  , such as PMD  , are unsound but scale well and have been effectively employed in industry. These likely locations are reported to programmers typically at coding-time. Patterns were originally developed to capture recurring solutions to design and coding prob- lems 12 . We adopted a pattern-based approach to presenting our specification abstractions because of its focus on the matching of problem characteristics to solution strategies. Furthermore   , it allows for restriction of the query domain  , similar to context definitions in SOQUET 8 . When a group of methods have similar names  , we summarize these methods as a scope expression using a wild-card pattern matching operator . The only methods transformed are those in the scope but not in the exceptions. Certain PREfast analyses are based on pattern matching in the abstract syntax tree of the C/C++ program to find simple programming mistakes. As a result  , the PREfast analyses are inexpensive  , accounting for negligible percentage of compile time. For instance  , in the following case. We have thus decided to combine navigational probing with FSMs and present a new method SINGLEDFA for this category. At each point  , partial or total pattern matching is performed  , depending on the existing partial matches and the current node. In a first step the name is converted to its unique SMILES representation: For each matching SMARTS pattern  , we set the corresponding bit to 1. Let us consider our chemist searching for Sildenafil. Exact pattern matching in a suux tree involves one partial traversal per query. We currently estimate this threshold to be in the region of minimum query length of 10 to 12 letters for human chromosomes.  We show the efficient coordination of queries spanning multiple peers. This paper has explored the integration of traditional database pattern matching operators and numeric scientific operators. Integrating support for arrays  , as well as operations on them  , is an important extension of this research which we are currently investigating. These patterns  , such as looking for copular constructions and appositives  , were either hand-constructed or learned from a training corpus. Many systems used pattern-matching to locate definition-content in text. The patterns used in ILQUA are automatically learned and extracted. However in some situations  , external knowledge is helpful  , the challenge here is how to acquire and apply external knowledge. The what questions that are classified by patterns are in Table  ? ?. Some What questions are classified by pattern matching and  , for the rest of questions  , the question focus is used to classify the questions. For query generation  , we modify verb constructions with auxiliaries that differ in questions and corresponding answers  , e.g. " To facilitate pattern matching   , all verbs are replaced by their infinitives and all nouns by their singular forms. The system then builds semantic representation for both the question and the selected sentences. We try to find the answer from the sentence list returned without a match by the pattern matching step. We found that 12 ,006 reports had one visit associated while 2 ,387 of the reports had more than or equal to 10 visits. Using simple pattern matching we extracted section headings and identified segments pertaining to different population and age groups. Besides generating seed patterns  , the Pattern Matching method also relies on the ability of tagging the words correctly. In order to do that  , we collected list of cities  , list of states  , and list of countries. An example of the pattern matching operation is shown in Figure 19 The 'anchor' input line could be pulsed with arrival of every text character  , in which case the operations will take place in the 'unanchored' mode. This occurs because  , during crawling  , only the links matching the regular expression in the navigation pattern are traversed. Notice that  , in all cases  , the numbers in the " Crawling " column are smaller than the numbers in the " Generation " column. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. When certain characters are found in an argument  , they cause replacement of that argument by a sorted list of zero or more file names obtained by pattern-matching on the contents of directories. Many command arguments are names of files. Most characters match themselves. In general  , mining specifications through pattern matching produces a large result set. Adding then becomes a sequence of Boolean operations: we intersect the value to add with the " adder " BDD and remove the original value by existential quantification. Previous work 10  , 18  , 25 on mining alternating specifications has largely focused on developing efficient ranking and selection mechanisms . The type of the exception thrown is compared with the exception types declared as arguments in each catch block. No matching pattern indicates that PAR cannot generate a successful patch for a bug since no fix template has appropriate editing scripts. Generating this predicate from scratch is challenging. Word expert parsers 77  seem particularly suitable ; the TOPIC system employs one to condense information from article abstracts into frames 39. Flexible parsing methods  , often based on pattern matching  , are of value in these situations 41. In particular  , there are two sets of rules predicates which work together to identify the set of successor tasks. The generation of potential candidates i s performed by Prolog's pattern matching. EDITOR is a procedural language 4 for extraction and restructuring of text from arbitrary documents. Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. by embedding meta data with RDFa. Atheris relies on the robust pattern-matching technique of ViPER and introduces an abstraction layer between web pages and additional functionality for these pages changing the appearance  , adding information  , etc. outline preliminaries in Sect. For a partial binding b  , we refer to a pattern tp i with no matching triple as unevaluated and write * in b's i-th position: The deletion of triples also removes the knowledge that has been inferred from these triples. RDF triples can also be removed from the knowledge base by providing a statement pattern matching the triples to be deleted delete. Relevant datasets are selected using the predicate-matching method  , that a triple pattern is assigned to datasets that contains its predicate. However  , as admitted by the authors  , detailed VoID files are unlikely to be available on a large scale. There is often not much texture in indoor man-made environments for high coverage dense stereo matching. We can see that the coverage of the 3D model is increased substantially with the pattern projector. Accordingly  , it is able to localize points more precisely even if an image is suffering from noise. On the other hand  , pattern matching method performs directly on original image. Because the feature abstracting is time-consuming  , this kind of method is difficult to realize in real time. We use a method  , which is based on binary morphological operation  , to recognize the micro tube. It is not suitable to use pattern matching method to recognize the micro injector because of the low efficiency and poor accuracy. During the preliminary system learning two binary images are formed fig. Due to high TV raster stability and precision of manipulators that are used for the next LCD positioning the task was reduced to binary pattern matching. Another advantage is that for the rotation of the object only few sample points have to be rotated. Subgrouping may occur based on the group's task  , position within the swarm  , entity size  , role or a combination of factors. Figure 9shows an interesting inversed staircase pattern due to the reverse presentation order. Typical cross reactions between similar patterns are actually desired and illustrate a certain tolerance for inexact matching. Our second major enhancement to traditional parallel coordinates visualization allows the user to query shapes based on approximate pattern matching. The query can be formed either by indicating an example data point or by specifying the shape of interest explicitly. However  , conversations are bound to evolve in different conversational patterns  , leading to a progressive decay in the matching ambiguity. This is observed   , first  , because most conversations in the beginning exhibit a customary dialog pattern  " hi  , " " how are you  , " etc. each sentiment phrase detected Section 3.3  , SA determines its target and final polarity based on the sentiment pattern database Section 3.1.2. Note that figures 7 and 8 represent matching results of the sequences grouped into the same cluster. Since this pattern was commonly observed regardless of virus type and administration of IFN  , it implied ineffective cases of IFN treatment. As joins are expressed by conjunctions of multiple triple patterns and associated variables  , a prerequisite for join source selection is the identification of relevant sources for a given triple pattern. It matches the exact source code fragment selected by the user and all the other source code fragments that are textually similar to the selection whitespace and comments are ignored by the pattern matcher. The generated pattern is concrete  , that is  , it contains no wildcards and no matching constraints. For example  , the proximity function can be evaluated by keeping track of the word count in relation to specified set of pattern matches. The queries in classes 7 and 8 can be implemented by the SFEU by combining the results of basic pattern matching. The elementary graph pattern is called a basic graph pattern BGP; it is a set of triple patterns which are RDF triples that may contain variables at the subject  , predicate  , and object position. SPARQL is based on graph patterns and subgraph matching. The C-SPARQL 1 extension enabled the registration of continuous SPARQL queries over RDF streams  , thus  , bridging data streams with knowledge bases and enabling stream reasoning. Two important types of patterns are the value change pattern and the failure pattern. After the matching is completed  , sorting of variables is performed to enable the user to view those most interesting patterns in nearby sections of the horizontal axis. An example for this definition is given by evaluating the query from Example 5.1 on the dataset of Example 5.2 delivering the result as indicated in example 5.3. These potential problems are highlighted to the engineer using visual annotations on the EUC model elements. Matching of a substantial part of an extracted EUC model to an EUC pattern indicates potential incompleteness and/or incorrectness at the points of deviation from the pattern. In terms of CASE tools support  , we are testing a few mechanisms that allow generation of constraints for pattern verification as well as matching rules for pattern recovery given a UML design model. We are currently working on the specification of leitmotif behavior with the aid of Action Semantics. This model can represent insertion  , deletion and framing errors as well as substitution errors. In this model  , a pair i  , j of original and recognized string lengths is used as an error pattern of OCR and weight  , or a penalty of incorrect recognition is assigned to each pattern to calculate the similarity of two strings by dynamic programming matching. Then extracted sentences are scanned  , detecting the constructs matching the template < person1 >< pattern >< person2 > such as <Barack Obama><and his rival><John McCain>  , using a person names dictionary and a sliding window with a pattern length of three words. The entity pairs are extracted from the body of the archived documents first by splitting the documents into sentences using the Stanford CoreNLP library 4 . To reduce noise in the data we exclude pairs with identical names and discard overly long sentences and patterns. The individual right that the teacher Martin holds  , allowing him to reproduce an excerpt of the musical piece during a lesson  , is derived from the successful matching between the instances describing the intended action and the instances describing the pattern. The intended action is highlighted on the bottom half and the top half is the permission pattern. Thus in the experiments below  , for the target set any attribute value that is not specifically of interest as specified by the target pattern retains its original value for determining matching rules. Where target pattern means: the set of attribute values in the target set that are being evaluated. 3 Many research works for the repeating patterns have been on an important subtype: the tandem repeats 10  , where repeating copies occur together in the sequence. The matching degree is calculated in two parts. Using the same window size w  , the token fragment S surrounding the <SCH_TERM> is retrieved: The matching degree of the test sentence to the generalized definition patterns is measured by the similarity between the vector S and the virtual soft pattern vector Pa. On the other hand  , the pattern in Figure 2a will not capture all resale activities due to the limitation of using the single account matching. It is much desired that an elastic matching of items can be used to accurately identify resales. The second factor requires matching specific tuple occurrences γ Section 4.2  , which can only be executed when the query terms e.g. , " amazon " and #phone and patterns e.g. , ow are specified. For example   , one cannot constrain the matching of events that logically match various parts of the same event pattern to those events that were generated by the same user or on the same machine. Snoop  , however  , does not provide mechanisms for using contextual in- formation to constrain event matching. Typically  , a Web browser interprets an HTML file just once  , in sequential order  , and so the semantics of character data do not need to be spot-checked by 'random access'. Incorporating individual slots' probabilities enables the bigram model to allow partial matching  , which is a characteristic of soft pattern matching. This is because the position of a token is important in modeling: for instance  , a comma always appears in the first slot right of the target in an appositive expression. In other words  , even if some slots cannot be matched  , the bigram model can still yield a high match score by combining those matched slots' unigram probabilities. If no handler is found in the whole call stack  , the exception handler mechanism either propagates a general exception or the program is terminated. In LOTUS  , query text is approximately matched to existing RDF literals and their associated documents and IRI resources Req1. To train these semantic matching models  , we need to collect three training sets  , formed by pairs of question patterns and their true answer type/pseudopredicate/entity pairs. Three matching models shall be learned for question pattern respectively paired with answer type  , pseudopredicate   , and entity pairs. The tool implementation of MATA has been extended to include matching of any fragments using AGG as the back-end graph rule execution engine. Since MATA is based on graph transformations  , sequence pointcuts can be handled in a straightforward manner since they are just another application of pattern matching-based weaving.  The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. The stack enables the testing of parent-child and ancestor-descendant relationships and limits the search space during the subsequence matching. system  , with rules maximizing recall  , 2 Pass the grammar annotated data through an ML system based on Carreras  , X. et al  , 2003  , and 3 In the spirit of Mikheev  , A. et al  , 1998 perform partial matching on the text. Techniques were used for query expansion  , tokenization  , and eliminating results due solely to matching an acronym on the query side with an acronymic MeSH term. The first phase consisted of pattern matching between query terms and MeSH terms that are found in MeSH regular descriptor file and MeSH supplementary concept records file. However the matching is not straightforward because of the two reasons. Since the positions of the acoustic landmarks are independent of the current position of a mobile robot  , we may localize the mobile robot by matching the newly acquired two dimensional pattern of the reflectors with that of the acoustic landmarks. Consider a software system that is modeled by its inheritance and containment graphs  , and the task is to analyze how many instances of the design pattern Composite are used in the design of the system. During the training session  , the above extraction pattern is applied to the web page and the first table matching the pattern is returned as the web clip. Thus  , one of the extraction patterns would be a <TABLE> element that immediately follows a <DIV> with the text " Sample Round-trip fares between: " . This is presented to the user by Figure 4: Training session highlighting the clipped element with a blue border. Therefore  , in the following components we treat URLs matching with each pattern as a separate source of information. It is shown by our experiments that each selected URL pattern usually matches with a large number of URLs of the same format. If a sample graph vertex label matches the pattern but is not correctly mapped to the model graph vertex then the fitness of the projection is reduced. Accordingly   , our approach allows the user to specify regular expression patterns as part of the fitness function such that sample graph vertices matching the pattern should be clustered and mapped to a particular model graph vertex. The tool compares extracted EUC models to our set of template EUC interaction patterns that represent valid  , common ways of capturing EUC models for a wide variety of domains. As part of an earlier task on a system that supported the visualization of object connections in a distributed system  , the subject had implemented a locking mechanism to allow only one method of an object to execute at one time. But the pattern is quite difficult to understand so it helps to have this pattern level view and this matching into the source code. 3 In case some attributes are non-nullable  , we use SET DEFAULT to reset attributes values to their default value. 2 In contrast  , when matching a data tuple t and a pattern tuple tp  , tX tpX is false if tX contains null  , i.e. , CFDs only apply to those tuples that precisely match a pattern tuple  , which does not contain null. Certainly  , if the lexicon is available in main memory it can be scanned using normal pattern rnatching techniques to locate partially specified terms. Standard languages for interactive text retrieval include pattern-matching constructs such as wild characters and other forms of partial specification of query terms 1121. Each of the rewriting patterns contains a * symbol  , which encodes the required position of the answer in the text with respect to the pattern. Each rewriting rule is composed of one Perl-like question matching pattern and one or more rewriting patterns. In the next section  , we will see that estimating the intended path from an incomplete sequence of the subject's motion even after it is started holds technical utility. Here  , the problem of estimating an intended path pattern is defined as a pattern matching problem from incomplete data sequence of a human motion in its early stage. Each fragment matching a triple pattern fragment is divided into pages  , each page contains 100 triples. The key is a triple pattern fragment where the predicate is a constant and the value is the set of triples that matches the fragment 16. Thus  , by saving the 3D edge identifiers in dlata points of a CP pattern  , correspondence between the model edges and the image edges can be obtained after matching. However  , the data points of the CP pattern are related to a corresponding edge of a CAD model. This is done without any overhead in the procedure of counting conditional databases. The difference of CMAR from other associative classification methods is that for every pattern  , CMAR maintains the distribution of various class labels among data objects matching the pattern. Threshold-based approaches consider an event to occur when sensor readings exceed a pre-defined threshold value. In the first case  , the Triplify script searches a matching URL pattern for the requested URL  , replaces potential placeholders in the associated SQL queries with matching parts in the request URL  , issues the queries and transforms the returned results into RDF cf. when a URL in the Triplify namespace is accessed or in advance  , according to the ETL paradigm Extract-Transform-Load. That allowed us to achieve the purpose of this method which was the extraction of a much larger number of matching points than in the previous method. A truly robust solution needs to include other techniques  , such as machine learning applied to instances  , natural language technology  , and pattern matching to reuse known matches. While we believe we have made progress on the schema-matching problem  , we do not claim to have solved it. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate sentences or passages and a list of named entities are generated as answer candidate. contiguous and non-contiguous combinations of words are generated and ranked in the descending order of their length. In addition to weighting the importance of matching data in the high-information regions  , it would also be appropriate to weight the most current data more strongly. The described general procedure for pattern matching could utilize the entire history of data acquired durin g an assembly attempt. Characteristics of projective transformation is also utilized to perform correspondences between two coordinate systems and to extract points. The pattern matching for the rules is done by recursive search with optimisations  , such as identifying an optimal ordering for the evaluation of the rules and patterns. For inferencing Cwm uses a forward chain reasoner for N3 rules. Like ML  , it has important features such as pattern matching and higher-order functions  , while allowing the use of updatable references. JunGL is primarily a functional language in the tradition of ML. The advantages of this type of programming language in compiler-like tools is well-known 1. XOBE is an extension of Java  , which does support XPath expressions  , but subtyping is structural. Navigation of XML values in Xtatic is accomplished by pattern matching  , which has different characteristics than those of XPath expressions. But they cannot combine data streams with evolving knowledge  , and they cannot perform reasoning tasks over streaming data. As mentioned above  , current EP systems 1  , 6  , 8  do real-time pattern matching over unbound event streams. Secondly  , having a more accurate selection in an incremental transformation allows minimizing the instructions that need to be re-evaluated. Clearly  , video indexing is complex and many factors influence both how people select salient segments. This also makes automatic summarization easier because human voices can be easily recognized and pattern matching should be useful for recognizing many natural sounds. The Jena graph implementation for non-inference in-memory models supports the look-up for the number of triples matching either a subject  , a predicate or an object of a triple pattern. We use such information to compute selectivities. 630 where Φ 1 and Φ 2 are relations representing variable assignments and their annotations. The following definition will specify how complex formulae from F  , which serve as annotations for results of matching complex graph pattern  , will be derived. In standard SPARQL query forms  , such as SE- LECT and CONSTRUCT  , allow to specify how resulting variable bindings or RDF graphs  , respectively  , are formed based on the solutions from graph pattern matching 15 . Query forms. We proposed VERT  , to solve these content problems   , by introducing relational tables to index values. Traditional twig pattern matching techniques suffer from problems dealing with contents  , such as difficulty in data content management and inefficiency in performing content search. In addition to the data provided by Zimmermann et al. 31  , extracted the data from the Eclipse code repository and bug database and mapped defects to source code locations files using some heuristics based on pattern matching. The argument p is often called a template  , and its fields contain either actuals or formals. Another related work is a recent study in 2 on approximate string joins using functions such as cosine similarity. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. The FSM stores partial results as the document is parsed sequentially in document order. Thus  , treating a Web repository as an application of a text retrieval system will support the " document collection " view. in conjunction with query languages that enable keyword querying  , pattern matching e.g. , regular expressions  , substrings  , and structural queries 2. The set of common attributes is preconfigured as domain knowledge  , which is used in attribute matching as well. Therefore  , by incorporating this pattern in the grammar  , the same form extractor automatically recognizes such exclusive attributes. A large body of work in combinatorial pattern matching deals with problems of approximate retrieval of strings 2  , 11. 16 study how to estimate selectivity of fuzzy string predicates. We designed our method for databases and files where records are stored once and searched many times. We describe a novel string pattern matching principle  , called n-gram search  , first proposed in preliminary form in 10. In the general computer science literature  , pattern matching is among the fundamental problems with many prominent contributions 4 . 15 propose a different method that trades search capability for much less security. They are sorted according to question type and can handle more anchor terms. However  , datadriven techniques Section 5 offer additional protection from false or extraneous matches by lowering the importance ranking of information not corroborated elsewhere in the data. From all these images  , the software mentioned above detected matching points on the calibration pattern for each pan and tilt configuration. Stereo images at different pan and tilt angles were captured. Most current models of the emotion generation or formation are focused on the cognitive aspects. The one extracts a cognitive image aimed at pattern matching  , and the other creates a perceptual imagelO  , 111. Systems like EP-SPARQL 4 define pattern matching queries through a set of primitive operators e.g. the context of SFP  , the query model is a discriminating property between systems. Thus question answering cannot be reduced to mere pattern matching  , but requires firstorder theorem proving. Though the proposed annotations have a simple structure  , background knowledge is complex  , and in general involves quantification  , negation  , and disjunction. Further  , research methods and contextual relations are identified using a list of identified indicator phrases. In information extraction  , important concepts are extracted from specific sections and their relationships are extracted using pattern matching. More like real life.. pattern matching using the colours can be used for quicker reference. " Many positive comments were made about the opportunity of using colour to discriminate between tabs  , e.g. " In parallel  , semantic similarity measures have been developed in the field of information retrieval  , e.g. In the fields of image recognition and general pattern matching  , geometric similarity measures have been a topic of study for many years 9. First  , the new documents are parsed to extract information matching the access pattern of the refined path. Adding new documents to the refined path index is accomplished in two steps. We compared the labels sizes of four labeling schemes in Table 2. As we will show in our experiments  , it is worth using this additional space-overhead  , since it significantly improves the performance of XML twig pattern matching. Finally  , K query partitions are created by assigning the queries in the i th bucket of any pattern to query partition i. If the query involves multiple patterns  , it is randomly assigned to one of the matching buckets. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 To accomplish creation of inventory on future patterns   , a trigger as implemented in DBAL is defined . It entails a match step to find all rules with a context pattern matching the current context. Selection rules allow a straight-forward and efficient implementation of recommender selection. Building on the suffix array   , it also incorporates ideas embedded in the Burrows-Wheeler transform. The FM-INDEX  , introduced by Ferragina and Manzini 6  , is a data structure used for pattern matching. The idea is to use that view to model pat t em-mat thing queries  , which we impose to have flat structure. Given an external concept  , we perform a pattern matching on the thesaurus  , made of the following operations : a-1 inclusion step : We look for a thesaurus item i.e a clique which includes the given group. a The transformation step :. The resulting fingerprint for Sildenafil is 1100. Therefore  , it is effective in giving the number n of unmatched characters permitted on pattern matching. Generally  , it is useful to deal mechanically with a misspelling  , an inflection and the different representation such as 'three body' and 'three-body'. Thus  , the larger the text collection is  , the greater the probability that simple pattern matching techniques will yield the correct answer. Naturally  , this simple technique depends crucially on the corpus having an answer formulated in a specific way. A considerable number of NEs of person  , organization and location appear in texts with no obvious surface patterns to be captured. We used pattern matching to extract and normalize this information. Some of the demographic information  , such as gender  , age  , and specific conditions  , such as patients weight  , were only mentioned in the text. We have plans on generating classifiers for slot value extraction purposes. Furthermore  , on extracting slot values  , pattern matching might not be the best options but definitely can produce some good results at hand. This automatic slot filling system contains three steps. For the Streaming Slot Filling task  , our system achieved the goal of filling slots by employing a pattern learning and matching method. In evaluations  , we only vary the definition pattern matching module while holding constant all other components and their parameters. In our experiments  , the base definition generation system used is the system discussed in Section 2 and illustrated in Figure 1. Additionally  , ultrasonic diagnosis images were obtained for which pattern matching was performed to measure the virtual target position. At the time  , both the force acting on the needle and the displacement of the needle were measured. Normally  , the For the detection of the same object rotated around the z-axis of the image plane  , the template has to be rotated and searched from scratch. Detection time with angle increment 6 5 5 varies between 2-4 seconds. Pattern Matching In our case  , a highly optimized routine of the MATROX library 19  was employed using hierarchical search. In other words  , the object features used for pattern matching refer to the latter distribution. For a particular object template  , they consist of a representation of the distribution of the object's color histogram. We emphasize that nothing is encoded about how t o construct a successor node from a given node. Our stereo-vision system has been designed specifically for QRIO. If there are other peaks with similar matching scores then the disparity computation is ambiguous repeating pattern and the reliability is set to a low value. Each sign is recognized by matching the operator's finger positions to the corresponding pattern acquired during calibration. The operator communicates to the robot via four hand signs: point  , preshape  , halt  , and estop emergency stop. Each of the 41 QA track runs ~ ,vas re-scored using the pattern matching judgments. In addition  , assessors accepted various model numbers such as Peugeot 405s  , 309s  , 106s  , 504s  , 505s  , 205s  , and 306s. However they are quite often used probably  , unconsciously! The main challenge here has been that two sequences are almost never identical. The testing system of improved pre-decode pattern matching circuit is described in Figure 7. . The experiment environment is Xilinx Virtex4 xc4vlx200 which is synthesis by Synplify and is implemented by ISE. which the other components on this level rely. Typical examples of parameter estimators are pattern matching with video cameras; collision prediction; detection of task switching conditions; identification of dynamic parameters of the load of the system; etc. Each size of the model of quadrangle  , each location of the pattern matching model  , and the location of the center of iris are established. Fig.5shows an example of model location setting on the basis of the inputted eye image. An online pattern matching mechanism comparing the sensor stream to the entire library of already known contexts is  , however  , computational complex and not yet suitable for today's wearable devices. Therefore  , an ongoing monitoring of the sensor stream is needed. In general  , introducing uncertainty into pattern discovery in temporal event sequences will risk for the computational complexity problem. However  , within an uncertain interval   , the computational complexity for matching increases. The time points are identified for the best matching of the segments with pattern templates. Moreover  , the time points identified using different dlen are independent comparing Fig.l7a with Fig.17@ and Fig.lBa with Fig.l8@. Second  , we allow for some degree of tolerance when we try to establish a matching between the vertex-coordinates of the pattern and its supporting transaction. some of which are shown in Figure 2b. Entity annotation systems  , datasets and configurations like experiment type  , matching or measure are implemented as controller interfaces easily pluggable to the core controller. GERBIL abides by a service-oriented architecture driven by the model-view-controller pattern see Figure 1. Whenever a context change is detected  , the change is immediately examined to decide its influence on pat. In contrast  , each pattern  , say pat  , maintains a matching queue to store the last matched context instances i.e. , pat. words are mapped to their base forms thus completely solving the problem with the generation of plural forms. Unlike the approach presented in this paper  , PORE does not incorporate world knowledge  , which would be necessary for ontology building and extension. PORE is a holistic pattern matching approach  , which has been implemented for relation-instance extraction from Wikipedia. Most approaches applicable to our problem formulation use some form of pattern matching to identify definition sentences. The learned soft patterns are used to judge whether sentences are definitional. In a similar fashion  , it keeps track of the provenance of all entities being retrieved in the projections getEntity. For each molecule inspected  , our system keeps track of the provenance of any triple matching the current pattern being handled checkIfTripleExists. Similar to most existing approaches  , our information extractor can only be applied to web pages with uniform format. □ When matching a URL with a pattern there are three outcomes: These techniques have also been used to extend WordNet by Wikipedia individuals 21 . These approaches use information extraction technologies that include pattern matching  , natural-language parsing  , and statistical learning 25  , 9  , 4  , 1  , 23  , 20  , 8 . Multi-level grouping can be efficiently supported in V ERT G . After that  , in the second phase we use the table indices on values  , together with the result from pattern matching  , to perform grouping and compute aggregate functions. Details can be found in 26. From a matching logic perspective  , unlike in other program verification logics  , program variables like root are not logical variables; they are simple syntactic constants. Variables like  ?root are existentially quantified over the pattern  , while E  , T  , H  , C are free. The system scaffolds the creation of a transformation by automatically generating initial patterns from a textual selection in source code. The authors of the data set  , Zimmermann et al. All experiments reported in this section are conducted in a Sun Linux cluster with 20 nodes running CentOS 5  , x86_64 edition. Breakpoint preparation asks GDB to set a number of breakpoints on lines which could possibly correspond to events requested by a fget. If a token is found in a database  , this information is added to token feature. Our approach combines a number of complementary technologies  , including information retrieval and various linguistic and extraction tools e.g. , parsing  , proposition recognition  , pattern matching and relation extraction for analyzing text. In TREC 2003 QA  , we focused on definitional questions. The weight of the matched sub-tree of a pattern is defined by the formula: For the evaluation of the importance of partially matching sub-trees we use a scoring scheme defined in Kouylekov and Tanev  , 2004. We describe herein a Web based pattern mining and matching approach to question answering. The power of textual patterns for question answering looks quite amazing and stimulating to us. The system overview is shown in Fig.2. In the data set  , we are given 4 months of data October 2011 -February 2012 as training data. The traditional method employed by PowerAnswer to extract nuggets is to execute a definition pattern matching module. For this reason we used the semantic classifications generated by our named entity recognizer to discover such relations when looking for relevant passages. Third  , further work needs to be done for answering Other questions for events. For either representation  , we first drop unnecessary punctuation marks and phrases such as " socalled " or " approximately " . This subsection gives an overview of the basic ideas and describes recent enhancements to improve the recall of answer extraction. In 1   , we discussed our pattern matching approach in detail. Graph matching has been a research focus for decades 2  , especially in pattern recognition  , where the wealth of literature cannot be exhausted. In order to tackle graph containment search  , a new methodology is needed. Yet usually  , there are many possible ways to syntactically express one piece of semantic information making a na¨ıvena¨ıve syntactic " pattern matching " approach problematic at best. This would be less expensive than the semantic approach. Since they end with the word died  , we use pattern matching to remove them from the historic events. The dates of death serve as a baseline since they are likely represented by a single sentence in Wikipedia. Automatic music summarization approaches can be classified into machine learning based approaches 1 ,2 ,3 and pattern matching based approaches 4 ,5 ,6. Automatic music summarization and video summarization have attracted research activity in the past few years. An interesting goal of an intelligent IRS may be to retrieve information which can be deduced from the basic knowledoe given by the thesaurus. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : Further difficulties result from the occurrence of grammatical and spelling errors  , which are very common in unpublished communications 11. We take both patterns and test instances as sequences of lexical and syntactic tokens. When conducted on free texts  , an IE system can also suffer from various unseen instances not being matched by trained patterns. Here  , " Architecture " is an expression of the pattern-matching sublanguage. A book has an introduction  , a number of chapters  , a bibliography and chapter parent title same " Architecture "   , is the set of all chapters of all books titled " Architecture " . Other words in the question might be represented in the question by a synonym which will not be found by simple pattern matching. Proper nouns from the question are going to be represented in any paragraph containing a possible answer. We have shown that a mixed algebra and type model can be used to perform algebraic specification and optimization of scientific computations. Com* * Work partially funded by the EGov IST Project and by the Wisdom project  , http://wisdom.lip6.fr. Using it for pattern matching promises much higher efficiency than using the original record. The information contained in a single character in the CAS encoding includes information about all preceeding characters in the string. This is the biggest challenge of rewriting XSLT into XQuery. The main difference is however  , that XSLT templates are activated as a result of dynamic pattern matching while XQuery functions are invoked explicitly. The rules with the highest weights then indicate the recommenders to be applied. The third interaction module that we implemented is a rhythmic phrase-matching improvisation module. Arm i plays a phrase based on a probabilistic striking pattern  , which can be described as a vector of probabilities Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. A similar landmark is used in 7  , two concentric circles that produce in the sensor image an elliptical edge. This ensures that there is no simple pattern  , such as the query always precisely matching the title of the page in question. In other cases words were added or omitted. Although we endeavored to keep queries short  , we did not sacrifice preciseness to do so. At the end of this phase  , the logical database subset has been produced. This means that all data has to be imported and converted once  , making it less suitable for Web views. Modifying these lists is an easy task and was successfully carried out by non-expert users. In the Collocation matching activity  , students compete in pairs to match parts of a collocation pattern. LLDL is particularly useful for learning collocations because it contains a large amount of genuine text and provides useful search facilities. Listing 1 shows an example query. XSPARQL extends XQuery by two additional grammar expressions: the SparqlForClause to use SPARQL's graph pattern matching facility including operators  , and the ConstructClause to allow straightforward creation of RDF graphs. Then the position data are transmitted to each the satellite. The CCD camera installed over the flat floor detmnines the positions of the satellites by the pattern matching to markers drown on the satellites. For assessing pattern validity  , we use a simple measure based on the relative frequency of matching contexts in the context set. More specialized patterns have lower thresholds  , but are only induced if the induction of more general patterns fails. The procedure of creating start-point list is illustrated in Fig. Since the malicious part is encrypted  , the behavior of the active virus cannot be determined by program code checking. Others 51  , 32 can automatically infer rules by mining existing software; they raise warnings if violations of the rules occur. Most of the pattern-matching tools 10  , 14  , 13  , 9 require users to specify the buggy templates. Figure 2illustrates two patterns: 1 somebody enters Classroom 2464; 2 somebody is staying in some place.  We propose two optimizations based on semantic information like object and property  , which can further enhance the query performance. V ERT G inherits all the advantages of VERT  , including the efficiency in matching complex query pattern. Thus at the end of initialization  , each tp-node has a BitMat associated with it which contains only the triples matching that triple pattern. Note that all these operations are done directly on the compressed BitMats. In general we observed that a small but specific set of attributes are sufficient indicators of a navigational page. Note that we use rounded rectangles to depict extraction steps and hexagons to depict pattern matching steps. While Prolog is based on unification and backtracking  , B is based on a simple but powerful pattern-matching mechanism whose application is guided by tactics. 111 that sense  , it has a similar philosophy as a Prolog interpreter. The scope of these free variables is restricted to the rule where they appear just like for Prolog clauses. In this first rule  , X and Y are used as free variables for the pattern matching. For example  , one instrumentation rule states " Measure the response time of all calls to JDBC " . Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed. First  , we plan to support additional features such as ordering and aggregation in result customization. Leading data structures utilized for this purpose are suffix trees 11 and suffix arrays 2. For brevity  , we have omitted most of the components used to support keyword queries. For example  , Figure 1shows an example query plan for a path query in which some constraints involve standard graph pattern matching. For example  , suppose an input text contains 20 desired data records  , and a maximal repeat that occurs 25 times enumerates 18 of them. The matching percentage is used because the pattern may contain only a portion of the data record. In our work  , a rule-based approach using string pattern matching is applied to generate a set of features. Advanced features can be inferred using rulebased approaches or machine-learning approaches. 5  employed a simple method which defines several manuallyconstructed definition patterns to extract definition phrases. Using standard negation as failure here as in 4  , would let the bound negation succeed. For example  , the extended VarTrees and TagTrees of example Q1 and Q2 are depicted in Figure 6respectively. In reporting on KMS for TREC 2004  , we described in detail the major types of functions employed: XML  , linguistic  , dictionary  , summarization  , and miscellaneous string and pattern matching. This method only obtained 9 additional answers in TREC 2005. They are sorted according to question types and can handle more anchor terms. A list of over 150 positive and negative precomputed patterns is loaded into memory. The composition of the patterns  , the testing methodology  , and the results  , are detailed in Fernandes  , 2004. Examples of sentences from the corpus matching each pattern are shown in Figure 5  , with emphasis on targets from this year's competition . It does not have natural language understanding capabilities  , but employs simple pattern matching and statistics. Our QA system is constructed using methods of classical IR  , enhanced with simple heuristics. The idea of partial pattern matching is based on the assumption that the answer is usually surrounded by keywords and their synonyms. , " When was the first camera invented "   , etc. Geometric hashing 14 has been proposed aa a technique for fast indexing. Efficient indexing based matching of two and three dimensional 2D/3D models to their views in images has been addressed in computer vision and pattern recognition. So the translation between these constructs is straightforward. The strategy of the pattern-matching can be ruled by an action planner able to dynamically define partial goals to reach. -Application step : It consists in the execution of an elementary operation item substitution  , item comparison  , .. An extension of the cascade of Figure 19.6 in two dimensions with k cascades can be used to do pattern matching operations with respect to k distinct patterns. The system tries to infer new knowledge right after the publication operation. This principle will be applied decoupling the functional properties from the non functional properties matching. In the broker design  , we intent to create a discovery pattern that will be based on the well-known principle of the " separation of concerns " . The other extracts the structure in some way from the text parsing  , recognizing markup  , etc. One of them indexes the text to answer text pattern-matching queries this indexing is performed by the text engine. We conduct a series of extrinsic experiments using the two soft pattern models on TREC definitional QA task test data. In addition to our theoretical work  , we also assess the performance of the formal soft matching models by empirical evaluation. Definition pattern matching is the most important feature used for identifying definitions. Systems fielded at TREC rank definition sentences using two sets of features: definition patterns and bagof-words pertinent to the target. Providing formal models for modeling contextual lexico-syntactic patterns is the main contribution of this work. The models can help IE systems overcome difficulties caused by language variations in pattern matching. With the help of appropriate hardware  , it is easy to fast realize. We assume that the occurrence of significant patterns in nonchronological order is more likely to arise as a local phenomenon than a global one. In this work  , a significant pattern is obtained from the matching of a pair of sequences. The grep program searches one or more input files for lines containing a match to a specified pattern  , and prints out matching lines. We choose grep-2.2 as the subject program in this study. We can therefore define the notion of a strand  , which is a set of substrings that share one same matching pattern. For each substring  , the bounding boxes indicate the parts that match exactly with S 2 . In the tradeoff between space and time  , most existing graph matching approaches assume static data graphs and hence prefer to pre-compute the transitive closure or build variablelength path indexes to trade space for efficient pattern matching. This is known as the transitive closure of a graph. For instantiation   , we exploit an index as well as a pattern library that links properties with natural language predicates. In a next step  , c has to be instantiated by a matching class  , in the case of using DBpedia onto:Film  , and p has to be instantiated with a matching property  , in this case onto:producer. A data record is said to be enumerated by a maximal repeat if the matching percentage is greater than a bound determined by the user. Pattern inflexibility: Whether using corpus-based learning techniques or manually creating patterns  , to our knowledge all previous systems create hard-coded rules that require strict matching i.e. , matching slot by slot. These approaches have two shortcomings that we have identified and address in this work: 1. Although such hard patterns are widely used in information extraction 10  , we feel that definition sentences display more variation and syntactic flexibility that may not be captured by hard patterns. In addition to surface text pattern matching  , we also adopt N-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. The answer patterns used in ILQUA are automatically summarized by a supervised learning system and represented in form of regular expressions which contain multiple question terms. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate passages and a list of named entities are extracted as answer candidate. We empirically showed that these two search paradigms outperform other search techniques  , including the ones that perform exact matching of normalized expressions or subexpressions and the one that performs keyword search. We characterized several possible approaches to this problem   , and we elaborated two working systems that exploit the structure of mathematical expressions for approximate match: structural similarity search and pattern matching. The input sources include data from lexico-syntactical pattern matching  , head matching and subsumption heuristics applied to domain text. This method converts evidence into first order logic features  , and then uses standard classifiers supervised machine learning on the integrated data to find good combinations of input sources. Afterwards  , the location of eye can be measured by detecting a agreement part with the paltern matching model in the eye image input. At first  , the pattern matching model is memorized on the basis of eye image which was captured previously. In this paper  , we have proposed  , designed and implemented a pattern matching NIDS based on CIDF architecture and mature intrusion detection technology  , and presented the detailed scheme and frame structure. It speeds up the matching and significantly increases the detection speed of IDS. In a first pilot study 71  , we determined whether the tasks have suitable difficulty and length. The syntax errors we introduced can be located without understanding the execution of the program; they merely require some kind of pattern matching. The relationship between context instances and patterns is called the matching relation  , which is mathematically represented by the belong-to set operator . Intuitively  , each pattern categorizes a set of context instances. Wang et al 41 have presented an approach called Positive-Only Relation Extraction PORE. With that improvement one can still write filenames such as *.txt. We first have to introduce an additional XPath function Named match to allow Unix filename pattern matching within XPath. The matching problem is then defined as verifying whether GS is embedded in GP or isomorphic to one or more subgraphs of GP . We denote GP as the publication graph and GS as the subscription graph pattern. All the possible axes were permitted except ancestor  , ancestor-self  , following and preceding. In the following section  , we will describe two techniques that we have introduced to minimize the number of these instructions. We simply take their common prefixes as patterns since different parameters are usually at the end of URLs. One class of approaches focuses on extracting knowledge structures automatically from text corpora. In order to define these two functions we need the statistics defined in Table 1 . Consequently   , for i ≥ 1  , we estimate the cost of matching a pattern as: costpi = f rontierpi−1 × explorepi. It is less restrictive than subgraph isomorphism  , and can be determined in quadratic time 16. To reduce the complexity and capture the need of novel applications  , graph simulation 16 has been adopted for pattern matching 5  , 13. // " -axis query and documents with recursively appearing tags  , file scan is neither efficient  , nor effective to return correct answers. For example  , we use the POS tag sequence between the entity pairs as a candidate extraction pattern. Our extraction patterns are based on both the general POS tags and the strict keyword matching. KIM has a rule-based  , human-engineered IE system  , which uses the ontology structure during pattern matching and instance disambiguation. For new previously unknown entities  , new instances are added to the semantic repository. In order to express extractions of parts of the messages a pattern matching approach is chosen. The conditional equations use the binary function equala  , b which is a predefined expression of TPTP syntax and represents the equality relation. 2 Specification based on set-theoretic notations. So we can retrieve related information by pattern matching using a subspace as a unit actually with some generic information in knowledge structure which contains more information than a predicate in logical formulas. Seven propositions  , or " patterns " in were found. A pattern matching technique was used  , in which several pieces of information from one or more cases are related to a theoretical proposition. In typical document search  , it is also commonly used– e.g. , a user can put " " around keywords to specify matching these keywords as a phrase. On the one hand  , such pattern restriction is not unique in entity search. Our FiST system matches twig patterns holistically using the idea of encoding XML documents and twig patterns into Prüfer sequences 17. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. Since the automata model was originally designed for matching patterns over strings  , it is a natural paradigm for structural pattern retrieval on XML token streams 7  , 8  , 4. State-of-the-Art. Then  , this information is encoded as an Index Fabric key and inserted into the index. Users can request creation of a track by giving patterns for instrument names. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 The algebraic properties of AS allow us to quickly calculate the AS of an n-gram from the CAS encoded record. To achieve this goal we should re-formulate queries avoiding " redundant " conditions. The efficiency of the matching operation greatly depends on the size of the pattern 8  , so it is crucial to have queries of minimum size. This allows us to detect if the equation contains certain types of common algebraic structures . Here  , pattern matching can be considered probabilistic generation of test sequences based on training sequences. Previously  , a list of over 200 positive and negative pre-computed patterns was loaded into memory. We rely on hand-crafted pattern-matching rules to identify the main headings  , in order to build different indices and allow for field-based search. The documents contain different sections  , with their corresponding headings. To identify the target of a question  , pattern matching is applied to assign one of the 18 categories to the question. The two missing categories what:X and unknown will shortly be dis- cussed. The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. Likewise to the previous studies 4  , 2  , 35  , we use the predictive perplexity 15 to evaluate the topic modeling accuracy. To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . This part of experiment is indicated as Supervised Modeling Section 3.3. Third  , ensembles of models arise naturally in hierarchical modeling. The alternative is to mine all data in-place and thus build k predictive models base-models locally. This modeling approach has the advantage of improving our understanding of the mechanisms driving diffusion  , and of testing the predictive power of information diffusion models. 2015. In addition to early detection of different diseases  , predictive modeling can also help to individualize patient care  , by differentiating individuals who can be helped from a specific intervention from those that will be adversely affected by the same inter- vention 7  , 8. One important application of predictive modeling is to correctly identify the characteristics of different health issues by understanding the patient data found in EHR 6. However  , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists  , such as Participants P7 and P12. Several interviewees reported that " operationalization " of their predictive models—building new software features based on the predictive models is extremely important for demonstrating the value of their work. Unlike traditional predictive display where typically 3D world coordinate CAD modeling is done  , we do not assume any a-priori information. In the predictive display application we do not sample different objects or faces  , but closely spaced images from the same objects and scene under varying poses. Calculating the average per-word held-out likelihood   , predictive perplexity measures how the model fits with new documents; lower predictive perplexity means better fit. Various methods were proposed to solve this problem – we used perplexity   , which is widely used in the language-modeling community   , as well as the original work to predict the best number of topics. When we are capable of building and testing a highly predictive model of user effectiveness we will be able to do cross system comparisons via a control  , but our current knowledge of user modeling is inadequate. In order to get comparable classes of users  , we need to know what measurable traits of users are highly predictive of searching effectiveness. Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. Thus although we anticipate that our qualitative results will prove robust to our specific modeling assumptions  , the relationship between model complexity and best-case predictive performance remains an interesting open question. However  , we will keep the nested logit terminology since it is more prevalent in the discrete choice literature. This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. Latent variable modeling is a promising technique for many analytics and predictive inference applications. Sequential prediction methods use the output of classifiers trained with previous  , overlapping subsequences of items  , assuming some predictive value from adjacent cases  , as in language modeling. These methods all train their subclassifiers on the same input training set. Fig.4 shows an example of predictive geometrical information display when an endmill is operated manually by an operator using joysticks which are described later. The z-map modeling method shown in Fig.3was introduced in the system. This approach is similar in nature t o model-predictive-control MPC. Periodic recomputation of the optimal leader and follower trajectories was employed to compensate for robot modeling inaccuracies. In addition  , they offer more flexibility for modeling practical scenarios where the data is very sparse. These methods have become prominent in recent years because they combine scalability with high predictive accuracy. Smoothed unigram language modeling has been developed to capture the predictive ability of individual words based on their frequency at each reading difficulty level 7. In recent years  , more sophisticated features and models are used. Modeling and feature selection is integrated into the search over the space of database queries generating feature candidates involving complex interactions among objects in a given database. It allows learning accurate predictive models from large relational databases. The formal definition of perplexity for a corpus D with D documents is: To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . Our predictive models are based on raw geographic distance How many meters is the ATM from me ? Motivated by this intuition   , this study focuses on modeling user-entity distance and inter-category differences in location preference. We evaluated each source and combinations of sources based on their predictive value. Implementing these context variants allowed us to systematically evaluate the effectiveness of different sources of context for user interest modeling. Specifically  , the predictive models can help in three different ways. When EHRs contain consistent data about patients and nurses modeling  , can be designed and used for devising efficient nursing patient care. The approach taken in this paper suggests a framework for understanding user behavior in terms of demographic features determined through unsupervised modeling. These data could be easily incorporated to improve the predictive power  , as shown in Figure 13. In terms of portability  , vertical balancing may be improved by modeling the similarity in terms of predictive evidence between source verticals. This work could be extended in several directions. As FData and RData have different feature patterns  , the combination of both result in better performance. Content features are not predictive perhaps due to 1 citation bias  , 2 paper quality is covered by authors/venues  , or 3 insufficient content modeling. These rules were then used to predict the values of the Salary attribute in the test data. Using each of our approach  , C4.5  , CBA  , and FID  , predictive modeling rules were mined from the dataset for data mining. Another objective of this research is to discover whether reducing the imbalance in the training data would improve the predictive performance for the 8 modeling methods we have evaluated. For each of the tree methods  , small improvement can be seen For each interface modeled we created a storyboard that contained the frames  , widgets  , and transitions required to do all the tasks  , and then demonstrated the tasks on the storyboard. But without the predictive human performance modeling provided by CogTool  , productivity of skilled users would not be able to play any role at all in the quantitative measures required. In addition  , MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 11  , item taxonomy 9 and attributes 1  , social relations 8  , and 3-way interactions 21. These methods have become very popular in recent years by combining good scalability with predictive accuracy. 4 Technically  , this model is called the hierarchical logit 32 and is slightly more general than the nested logit model derived from utility maximization. Having cost models for all three types of releases  , along with an understanding of the outiler subset of high productivity releases  , would complete the cost modeling area of our study. As more releases are completed  , predictive models for the other categories of releases can be developed. In particular  , low-rank MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 15  , item taxonomy 6  , and attributes 1. One of the most successful realizations of LFM  , which combines good scalability with predictive accuracy  , is based on low-rank MF e.g. , see 16 . These findings have profound implications for user modeling and personalization applications  , encouraging focus on approaches that can leverage users' browsing behavior as a source of information. In particular  , users' querying behavior their " talk "  is a more limited source of predictive signal than their browsing behavior their " walk " . Perplexity  , which is widely used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood lower numbers are better. To measure the ability of a model to act as a generative model  , we computed test-set perplexity under estimated parameters and compared the resulting values. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from data TransC i  for all the individual customer models and compare its performance with the performance of function 1 estimated from the transactional data for the whole customer base. In this section  , we compare individual vs. aggregate levels of customer modeling. Given the variety of models  , there was a pressing need for an objective comparison of their performance. At IBM  , a variety of approaches have been considered for estimating the wallet of customers for information technology IT products  , including heuristic approaches and predictive modeling. Preliminary results showed that our topic-based defect prediction has better predictive power than state-of-the-art approaches. We use topic modeling to recover the concerns/aspects in each software artifact  , and use them as input for machine learningbased defect prediction models. A lower score implies that word wji is less surprising to the model and are better. Perplexity is a standard measure used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood . Examining users' geographic foci of attention for different queries is potentially a rich source of data for user modeling and predictive analytics. Figure 10shows the trajectory of mouse movements made by a sample user who is geographicallyrefining a query for ski. An important advantage of the statistical modeling approach is the ability to analyze the predictive value of features that are being considered for inclusion in the ranking scheme. In each case the coefficient is equivalent to the log-odds logp/1-p of correctness conditioned on the overlap feature assuming a given value. A challenge of this approach is the tradeoff between the number of cohorts and the predictive power of cohorts on individuals. The results in the previous section show that our cohort modeling techniques using pre-defined features can more accurately estimate users' individual click preferences as represented via an increased number of SAT clicks than our competitive baseline method. Here the appearance function g has to be based only on the image sequences returned from the tele-manipulation system. Manually built models consist mainly of text patterns  , carefully created  , tested and maintained by domain and linguistic experts. Data Modeling: A predictive model  , capable of extracting facts from the decomposed and tagged input media  , needs to be constructed  , either manually or through automatic induction methods. These approaches frequently use probabilistic graphical models PGMs for their support for modeling complex relationships under uncertainty. Learning-based approaches have commonly been used to build predictive models of human behavior and to control behaviors of embodied conversational agents e.g. , 19  , 26  , 33. To evaluate the ability of generative models  , we numerically compared the models by computing test-set perplexity PPX. From the predictive modeling perspective  , homophily or its opposite  , heterophily can be used to build more accurate models of user behavior and social interactions based on multi-modal data. When user attributes relevant to forming social links are not directly observable   , this phenomenon is called latent homophily. Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. We study how such a user preference signal affects the clickrate of a business and design effective strategies to generate personalization features. l We found a high difference in effectiveness in the use of our systems between two groups of users. Since the core task for any user modeling system is predicting future behavior  , we evaluate the informativeness of different sources of behavioral signal based on their predictive value. On average   , each query-based user profile contains 21.2 keywords  , while each browsing-based profile contains 137.4 keywords based on 15 days of behavioral data. Considering the complexity and heterogeneity of our data and the problem  , it is important to use the most suitable and powerful prediction model that are available. It should be noted that the key contribution of this work is more about extracting the important features and understanding the domain by providing novel insights  , but not necessarily about building a new predictive modeling algo- rithm. Both risks may dramatically affect the classifier performance and can lead to poor prediction accuracy or even in wrong predictive models. Second  , poor or no data preparation is likely to lead to an incomplete and inaccurate data representation space  , which is spanned by variables and realizations used in the modeling step. For building accurate models  , ignoring instances with missing values leads to inferior model performance 7  , while acquiring complete information for all instances often is prohibitively expensive or unnecessary. Many predictive modeling tasks include missing data that can be acquired at a cost  , such as customers' buying preferences and lifestyle information that can be obtained through an intermediary. We also demonstrate the further improvement of UCM over URM  , due to UCM's more appropriate modeling of the retweet structure. Experimental results show that both URM and UCM significantly outperform all the baselines in terms of the quality of distilled topics  , model precision  , and predictive power. Compounding the lack of clarity in the claims themselves is an absence of a consistent and rigorous evaluation framework . On the other hand  , it is also misleading to imply that even if extreme events such as financial crises and societal revolutions cannot be predicted with any useful accuracy 54  , predictive modeling is counterproductive in general. In doing this  , we hope to exploit the strength of machine learning to quantify the improvement of the proposed features. Sheridan differentiates between two types: those which use a time series extrapolation for prediction  , and those which do system modeling also including the multidimensional control input2. Three main design considerations in a predictive display are: How to model the tele-operation system for the prediction. Table 2shows the results of the perplexity comparison. There has been a great deal of research on inductive transfer under many names  , e.g. The goal is to build models that can be used to generate behaviors that are interactive in the sense of being coordinated with a human partner. We will now describe a method for modeling the low-level signal exchange in interaction using simple predictive models . Clearly more sophisticated models of this sort may be more realistic than the one we have studied  , and may also yield somewhat different quantitative bounds to prediction. Such an approach can generate a more comprehensive understanding of users and their pref- erences 57  , 48  , 46. Finally  , modeling relational data as it persists or changes across time is an important challenge. The next step in our experimental plan is to use schemas such as our detailed ones for blog sevice users and bioinformatics information and computational grid users Hs05 to learn a richer predictive model. One key advantage of SJASM is that it can discover the underlying sentimental aspects which are predictive of the review helpfulness voting. We propose a novel supervised joint aspect and sentiment model SJASM  , which is a probabilistic topic modeling framework that jointly detects aspects and sentiments from reviews under the supervision of the helpfulness voting data. Mark has been a co-organizer of two TREC tracks  , a co-organizer of the SIGIR 2013 workshop on modeling user behavior for information retrieval evaluation MUBE and the SIGIR 2010 workshop on the simulation of interaction. Mark's recent work has focused on making information retrieval evaluation more predictive of actual human search performance. Author expertise and venue impact are the distinguishing factors for the consideration of bibliography  , among which  , Author Rank  , Maximum Past Influence of Authors make paper influential . Discovering the hidden knowledge within EHR data for improving patient care offers an important approach to reduce these costs by recognizing at-risk patients who may be aided from targeted interventions and disease prevention treatments 5. In this paper  , predictive modeling and analyses have been conducted at two different levels of granularity. For nurse experience  , a nurse with at least two years of experience in her current position was considered to be an experienced nurse  , and the nurses with less than two years' experience to be inexperienced. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from the transactional data TransC i  for the segmentation level models  , and compare its performance with the performance results obtained in Section 4. In this section  , we compare individual vs. segmentation and aggregate vs. segmentation levels of customer modeling. It is therefore clearly misleading to cite performance on " easy " cases as evidence that more challenging outcomes are equally predictable; yet precisely such conflation is prac- 1 ticed routinely by advocates of various methods  , albeit often implicitly through the use of rhetorical flourishes and other imprecise language. A statistical approach is proposed to infer the distribution of a word's likely acquisition age automatically from authentic texts collected from the Web  , and then an effective semantic component for predicting reading difficulty of news texts is provided by combining the acquisition age distributions for all words in a document 14. Pain is a very common problem experienced by patients  , especially at the end of life EOL when comfort is paramount to high quality healthcare. Moreover  , these bounds on predictive performance are also extremely sensitive to the deviations from perfect knowledge we are likely to encounter when modeling real-world systems: even a relatively small amount of error in estimating a product's quality leads to a rapid decrease in one's ability to predict its success. This bound is relatively generous for worlds in which all products are the same  , but it becomes increasingly restrictive as we consider more diverse worlds with products of varying quality. Such normalization does not always make sense for binary and integer features  , and it also removes the nonnegativity of our feature representation that offers intuitive interpretation of them. Item seed sets were constructed according to various criteria such as popularity items should be known to the users  , contention items should be indicative of users' tendencies  , and coverage items should possess predictive power on other items. Modeling the preferences of new users can be done most effectively by asking them to rate several carefully selected items of a seed set during a short interview 13  , 21  , 22  , 8 . However  , our goal here is different as we do not just want to make our predictions based on some large number of features but are instead interested in modeling how the temporal dynamics of bidding behavior predicts the loan outcome funded vs. not funded and paid vs. not paid. Their goal is to provide a ranking of the relative importance of various fundability determinants  , rather than providing a predictive model. The most relevant related work is on modeling predictive factors on social media for various other issues such as tie formation Golder and Yardi 2010   , tie break-up Kivran- Swaine  , Govindan  , and Naaman 2011  , tie strength Gilbert and Karahalios 2009 and retweeting Suh et al. Despite the rich literature on Twitter and its role in covering real-world events  , to date  , we are aware of little research that directly addresses the issue studied in this paper. In other words  , we aggregate the past behavior in the two modalities considered search queries and browsing behavior over a given time period  , and evaluate the predictiveness of the resulting aggregated user profile with respect to behavior occurring in a  sequent period. Simulated Annealing: Guided evolutionary simulated annealing GESA 19 combines simulated annealing and simulated evolution in a novel way. First  , out of all the children in a family  , the child with the best performance value will be selected. As compared with gradient-based or conjugate-type search  , simulated annealing can escape local minimum points 12. Extension of the simulated annealing technique include the mean field annealing 13 and the tree annealing 1141. Simulated annealing takes a fixed number R of rounds to explore the solution space. We obtain an approximate solution to the problem using simulated annealing 22  , 23. 's simulated annealing solver. 24 simulator  , using GraspIt! It has been applied to a variety of optimization problems. However  , we found that SEESAW ran much faster and produced results with far less variance than simulated annealing. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , application of simulated annealing to disambiguate overlapping shapes is a novel contribution. Carnevali  , et al. , 2   , applied simulated annealing to construct an image from known sets of shapes in the presence of noise. Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. In the next part  , this solution is forwarded to the simulated annealing procedure with parameters: T = 5800  , α = 0.6  , I max = 10. 3Table 4 : Example parameters for simulated annealing applied to the data point disambiguation prob- lem. Fig. The result is the modified assignment: Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. There are very few known constructions for mixed-level covering arrays. For these arrays  , simulated annealing finds an optimal solution. The situation can be improved by solving TSP strictly. The solution using a Simulated Annealing method is sub-optimum. The remaining query-independent features are optimised using FLOE 18. Field-based models are trained through simulated annealing 23. 6  , a path that avoids obstacles can be generated. Applying the method of simulated annealing can be time consuming. c Potential field at low output T= 1. 7 introduced "simulated annealing" principle to a multi-layered search for the global maximum. More recently  , Deutscher et ai. Table 5gives the overall results of these experiments using an annealing constant of 0.4 and 10k iterations. The results are compared to non-annealing methods and their effectiveness was demonstrated. To find a near-optimal solution  , we employed the simulated annealing method which has been shown effective for solving combinatorial optimization problems. It was shown that the perfomance of simulated annealing using the metric developed in this paper performs better than with another cost function which seeks to maximize the number of overlapping modules. The method of simulated annealing was used with this metric as the energy function for two sets of initial and final configurations one simply connected and one containing a loop. Simulated annealing2 is a stochastic optimization technique that enables one to find 'low cost' configuration without getting trapped by the 'high cost' local minima. In order to solve this problem  , we choose to use the simulated annealing SA2 method. we continued to extend the optimization procedure  , including a version of simulated annealing. email sw@microsoft.com 1 Now the University o f W estminster. Simulated anneahng has been used m a variety of apphcation areas to good effect Klrkpatrlck 83. They found that annealing produced good results but was computatlona.lly expensive. 15 proposed a simulated annealing approach to obtain optimal measurement pose set for robot calibration. 319- index for all the possible pose sets  , Zhuang et al. They defined an observability index  , e.g. This is due to the fact that the Simulated Annealing method is a stochastic approach. But they are not consecutive  , and with a second resolution  , the problem disappears. This method is able to search the solution space and find a good solution for the problem. We thus use simulated annealing 10  , a global optimization method. In each round a random successor of the current solution is looked at. A brute force approach will not work because the number of possible solutions grows exponentially. proposed a simulated annealing approach with several heuristics 9  , and Mathioudakis et al. Besides the above heuristics using greedy approach  , Jiang et al. function based on this metric to zero. In section 4  , the method of simulated annealing is used to drive the cost. Table 2lists the obtained space and performance figures. Solutions for the SB approach were obtained running simulated annealing for R = 50  , 000 rounds. where the parameter T corresponds to artificial temperature in the simulated annealing method. Construction of more complex structure will be addressed in future studies. The constraints used were similarity in image intensity and smoothness in disparity . Barnard 3 presented a stochastic optimization technique  , simulated annealing  , to fuse a pair of stereo images. In all our experiments  , the term frequency normalisation parameters are optimised using Simulated Annealing 15. We then swap the training and testing queries and repeat the experiments. Simulated annealing SA is implemented to optimize the global score S in Equation 1. The optimal threshold is 0.09 from the experiment. Standard weighting models and term dependence models are deployed with their commonly suggested parameter settings in the literature . Simulated Annealing devised by Kirkpatrick  , et. Furthermore  , the time-varying nature of the current problem prohibits one from formulating an adequate cost function. The candidate of route is generated randomly. The simulated annealing method is used in order not to be trapped into a bad local optimum. By decreasing T gradually  , units tries possible reachable positions uniformly in earlier steps. We take mean field annealing approach MFA  , which is a deterministic approach and requires much less computational complexity than simulated annealing  , to locate the constrained global optimal solution. In this paper  , we model target boundary as a global contour energy minimum under a constraint of region features. This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. Computational search techniques to find fixed level covering arrays include standard techniques such as hill climbing and simulated annealing. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. requirements engineering 12 but most often in the field of software testing 1 . The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. dynamic programming  , greedy  , simulated annealing  , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 22. Analogously  , for the SB approach the parameter κ  , as an upper-bound on the allowed space blowup  , was varied between 1.0 and 3.0. In this study  , maximizing L is equivalent to minimizing  In theory  , simulated annealing can find the global optimal solution that can maximize the function value by promising a proper probability. However  , practical difficulties arise in two aspects. In principle  , the sub-optimal task sequence planning can be implemented by integrating the computation of the step motion times with simulated annealing. Table 8compares results for some fixed level arrays reported in 22 . Simulated annealing consistently does as well or better than hill climbing  , so we report only those results for the next two tables. We apply simulated annealing SA in order to resolve individual data points within a region of overlap. Overlapping data points occur frequently in 2-D plots and identifying each individual data point and its coordinates is a difficult task. Second  , Simulated Annealing SA starts at a random state and proceeds by random moves  , which if uphill  , are only accepted with certain probability. Its output at the end is the least cost local minimum that has been visited. Techniques like simulated annealing  , the AB technique Swly93  , and iterative improvement will be essential. there are so many parallel alternatives  , you will need efficient ways to prune the unreasonable choices quickly. With the same objective  , genetic search strategies Goldberg891 can be applied to query optimization  , as a generalization of randomized ones EibengOl. Examples of such strategies are simulated-annealing Ioannidis871 and iterative- improvement Swami88. Thus  , a deformation that increases the objective function is sometimes generated  , which improves the performance of optimization. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. Simulated annealing is a capable of crossing local minima and locating the global minimum 6. We plan to study this possibility in future work. As suggested by one reviewer  , local optimum can be escaped by introducing stochastic elements to this greedy heuristic or by using Simulated annealing. On comparison with the simulated annealing method used in a prior publications 16  , we found that seesawing between {Low  , High} values was adequate for our purposes. We have conducted experiments with other approaches that allow intermediate values. To get around this inter-dcpcndency problem  , we can decompose the problem into two parts and take an itcrativc approach. Simulated annealing can be helpful to address very large size problems or optimize response times directly WolfM. Simulated Annealing the system has frozen. This has been estimated as cardphyEnt * k factor k has been proposed to be equal to 1 in Table 2: Extensibility Primitives for implementing randomized and genetic strategies 4.2.2. In this method  , the TSP was solved as a sub-optimal exploration path by using a Simulated Annealing method SI. The path generation problem can be modeled as the Traveling Salesman Problem TSP SI. A hybrid methodology that uses simulated annealing and Lagrangian relaxation has recently been developed to handle the set-up problem in systems with three or more job classes ll. The method needs to be extended to a multiclass system. If the increment of a joint angle between its start and goal is large enough so that As the temperature is slowly lowered the simplex crawls out of local minima and converges upon the global minimum. There are many different schemes for choosing Δλ. Of course  , in many cases constructions are not known or may not exist such as is true in the last two entries of this table. In order to investigate larger spaces  , randomized search strategies have been proposed to improve a start solution until obtaining a local optimum. A combination of the downhill simplex method and simulated annealing 9 was used. Thus  , we use an optimization method based on the downhill simplex method 9  , which is a kind of direct search method. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. Since there is no guarantee of a unique extremum in the cost function   , a method like simulated annealing can be used to optimize the cost function 22. Otherwise  , a numerical method is necessary. al  , 1983  has been shown effective in solving large combinato enable transitions from the local minima to higher energy states and then to the minimum in a broader area  , a statistical approach was introduced. Even thouglh simulated annealing is a very powerful technique  , it has the uncertainties associated with a randomized approach. Since the configuration has to remain connected at all times  , reconfiguration in this case involves overcoming 'deep' local minima. Since softassign determines the correspondence between data sets  , the exact correspondences are not needed in advance. The rate at which the correspondences are tightened is controlled by a simulated annealing schedule. Essentially local techniques such as gradient descent  , the simplex method and simulated annealing are not well suited to such landscapes. There are often several distinct valleys as occlusion and accessibility constraints can cut the scene in two. Further more  , literature on this method doesn't mention any restriction about its use. We don't find iliis property in other methods such as Simulated Annealing 1  , Tabou research  , or local search. Perhaps a non-gradient-based global approach  , such as a genetic or simulated annealing technique might be more appropriate to this problem. The optimizer struggled with these on occasion. A high sparseness parameter leads to rules that have a few large and many small but non-zero coefficients. Of course  , one can utilize simulated annealing or any other global optimization strategy as well. Association discovery is a fundamental data mining task. This property opens the way to randomized search e.g. , simulated annealing  , which should improve the quality of models selected by LLA procedures. Simulated annealing has been used by Nurmela and¨Ostergård and¨ and¨Ostergård 18  , to construct covering designs which have a structure very similar to covering arrays. For a table of known upper bounds for Ø ¾ see 22. While our techniques are fully general  , we have emphasized the fixed level cases in our reporting so that we can make comparisons with results in the literature. The simulated annealing program is based on that of 18. Randomized strategies do not  , guarantee that the best solution is obtained  , but avoid the high cost of optimization. Examples of such strategies are Simulated Annealing SA IC91 and Iterative Improvement II Sw89 . The method of simulated annealing provides suck a technique of avoiding local minima. This prompts a need to develop a technique to escape from local minima through tunnelling or hill-climbing. First  , we introduce some additional notation to be used in this section: T start denotes the initial temperature parameter in simulated annealing  , f T < 1 denotes the multiplicative factor by which the temperature goes down every I T iterations and N is the number of samples drawn from the stationary distribution. In this section  , we present experimental results on simulated datasets  , a microarray gene expression dataset and a movie recommendation dataset.  Query term distribution and term dependence are two similar features that rely on the difference of the query term distributions between the the homepage collection and the content-page collection. The ratio for a navigational query bestbuy is 3.3  , which is smaller than that of simulated annealing. All of these lechniques musl  , lo be successful  , must outperform exhaustive search optimiJalion above 10 01 15 way joins in selecting access paths while Hill being within a few percent of the optimal plan. Changes in the robot's base position to the left  , right or back did not notably increase the overall grasp quality in that setup. The information about the grasp quality was delivered from ROS' own grasp planning tool  , which uses a simulated annealing optimization to search for gripper poses relative to the object or cluster 27. Relationship between the number of AGV and average of duality gap route for the entire AGV is always generated taking the entire AGV into account. Others like 6 proposes a rule-based on-line scheduling system for an FMS that generates appropriate priority rules to select a transition to be fired from a set of conflicting transitions. Another work aksolves this problem based on the simulated annealing to technique obtain a modified schedule by rescheduling. Other important questions in this context that need to be explored are: How to choose classes ? The correspondences are loosely enforced initially and refined as the iterations proceed so that  , upon convergence  , each point on one surface has a single corresponding point on the other surface . This is unlike simulated annealing or MaxWalkSat  , which simultaneously offer settings to all features at every step of their reasoning. SEESAW incrementally grows solutions from unconstrained where all features can take any value in {Low  , High} to fully constrained where all features are set to a single value. However the substantial time required and perhaps the complexity of implementing such methods has led to the widespread use of simpler heuristics  , such as hill-climbing 8 and greedy methods. If the size of the test suite is the overriding concern  , simulated annealing or tabu search often yields the best results . The key to using simulated annealing to compute something useful is to get the energy mini- mization function to correspond to some important relationship  , for example  , the closeness of For the purposes of this paper we will give exampIes from the medium-sized AI tools knowledge base. 'l In order to generate a path that could avoid obstacles  , we set the path length that is overlapped by obstacle as infinite. Additionally  , because of the initially high control parameter value analogous to temperature in the simulated annealing dynamics of GESA  , a poorly performing child can succeed the parent of its family in the initial stages  , thus enabling escape from local minimum traps. At the same time  , it preserves some diversity as a hedge. The simulated annealing method has been used in many applications; TSP  , circuit design  , assembly design as well as manufacturing problems  , for example  , for lot size and inventory control Salomon  , et. However  , the initial state is not meaningful and does not affect the result Laarhoven ans Aarts  , 19871. This is because if there is a move possible which reduces energy   , simulated annealing will always choose that and in that case the value of the ratio AEIT does not influence the result. Another observation was that the initial temperature had no noticeable effect when the optimal assignment metric is used as the energy function. We then illustrate how this metric is applied to the motion planning/selfreconfiguration of metamorphic robotic systems. Further  , they propose the use of simulated annealing to attempt to solve the reconfiguration problem. In 4 and 5  , Pamecha and Chirikjian examine the theoretic bounds of reconfiguration on such a system  , including the upper and lower bounds on the minimum number of moves required for reconfiguration. For this project  , we have used a different approach  , which is to seed the search space with many guesses  , taking the best one the smallest average distance error  , and running it to minimization. In previous work  , we used a simulated annealing method to find the local minimum 9. Variation of iterations The impact of a duplication of the number of performed iterations is relatively small and very much depends on the type of investigated graph G. Further information is given in the appendix. Note that if one wants to avoid setting p at all  , one may resort to Simulated Annealing. Instead of using probability to decide on a move when the cost is higher  , a worse feasible solution is chosen if the cost is less than the current threshold 1 . These follow a strategy similar to simulated annealing but often display more rapid convergence. We employ simulated annealing  , a stochastic optimization method to segregate these shapes and find the method to be fairly accurate. To extract data precisely from figures in digital documents  , one must segregate the overlapping shapes and identify the shape and the center of mass of each overlapping data point. Figure 7 shows the result of simulated annealing in trajectory planning when applied to the example in figure 6d. Thus  , the gradual shaping of the collision regions can be achieved by the decrease of the output temperature T starting from a high value. They are difficult to initialize owing to the wide forbidden regions  , and apt to fall into poor local minima and then waste a lot of time locating them very precisely. Planning of motion has exploited the strength of simulated annealing 15  , distributed approaches 13 ,16-171  , closed-chain reconfiguration  181 and multi-layered solvers  10 ,12 ,19. In the literature  , several approaches have been proposed to discover the associations between the task described in the operational space and the corresponding actions to be carried out simultaneously in the cell level. are used with simulated annealing where C denotes the current configuration of the robot and F denotes the final configuration desired. Second  , the metric defined using concepts of optimal assignment developed in Sections 3 and 4 applied to the current and final configurations is an energy function : First  , the difference of the number of modules and the number of overlapping modules of any two configurations with the same number of modules defined as overlap metric in Section 3 is considered. As a result  , it is best suited for performing; a number of off line simulations and then using the best one out of those to reconfigure the robot instead of real time application. In this paper we define a useful metric which is one of many possibtle measures of distance between configurations of a metamorphic system. However   , our method is not time-consuming and experimental results show that we always get a correct minimum in a low number of iterations. Unlike stochastic relaxakion methods such as simulated annealing  , we cannot ensure that the global minimum of the function is reached. The difficulty is that in a complex image context  , the target boundary is usually a global energy minimum under certain constraints for instance  , constraints of target object interior characteristics instead of the actual global energy minimum contour. The second category of DCMs model target boundary as global energy minimum 10 11 and take global optimization approaches specifically simulated annealing to locate them. Moreover  , it is worth noticing that  , since the search strategy and the application context are independent from each other  , it is possible to easily re-use and experiment strategies developed in other disciplines  , e.g. To avoid this  , in our first tests on the first two benchmarks   , we applied a simulated annealing based 10 optimization method  , which optimized the parameters of the underlying learning method. In the field of machine learning  , determining the hyperparameters of a learning method is important and if they are improperly chosen these parameters can induce a poor performance. Additionally  , contrary to classical approaches in statistics that rather assess the modification of two nested models  , Chordalysis-Mml can assess models in isolation. The technique proposed assumes the parameter space to be discrete and runs the randomized query optimizer for each point in the parameter space. INSS92 presents a randomized approach – based on iterative improvement and simulated annealing techniques – for parametric query optimization with memory as a parameter. Once the optimization procedure has selected a dig  , it can be mapped back to the joints of the excavator. In simulated annealing  , the current state may be replaced by a successor with a lower quality. If the objective function value of the successor MP C  is lower than that of the current best partition MP C  , we move to the successor with a Kuo and Chen propose an approach that utilizes a controlled vocabulary from cross-document co-reference chains for event clus- tering 17  , 18. The other method defines a global score function over the whole collection and solves the optimization problem with simulated annealing. In this paper  , we present a stochastic search technique using simulated annealing to solve the machine loading problem in FAS. , n. A product i requires at most m operations in order to produce final product and there are precedence constraints between operations. Our method gives feasible solution by judicious choice of parameters and outperforms the method proposed by Lashkari 5  , in terms of the quality of the optimal solution. Another difficult issue only briefly mentioned in our previous presentation  , was the constraint that the robots had to end up in specific locations. Figure 4illustrates CSSA for the case where the user requires the best K solutions exceeding the similarity specified by target. Configuration similarity simulated annealing CSSA  , based on 215  , performs random walks just like iterative improvement Figure 3Parameter tuning for GCSA but in addition to uphill  , it also accepts downhill moves with a certain probability  , trying to avoid local maxima. However  , in challenging situations  , where a combination of region and image gradient information fails to accurately identify the target boundary  , those methods still tends to be trapped into undesired local energy minima. In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. There is a generator of random changes which is a procedure that takes a random step from λ to λ + Δλ. It has also been extended to allow partial coverage of the required skills  , introducing a multi-objective optimization problem that is optimized using simulated annealing 8 . This problem has been extended to cases in which potentially more than one member possessing each skill is required  , and where densitybased measures are used as objectives 9 ,15. It may also be undesirable that randomization without the use of stored seeds in these types of methods produce different results each time the method is used. See 8  , 25 for data on accuracy and execution time of simulated annealing and tabu search. Both the Mozer and the Bein and Smolensky models used a-constant link weight between terms and document$ CODEFINDER extends the model further by making use of inverse document frequency measures for link weights. This is similar to simulated annealing techniques 2. But the grasp quality increased by 32.5% when the robot's torso was driven to the " up " position from the initial pose. This problem is a very complex version of a traveling salesman problem TSP and is not easily solvable since even the ordinary TSP is hard to find the exact solution. In Section 4  , the time-suboptimal task sequence planning and time-efficient trajectory planning for two arms with free final configurations and unspecified terminal travelling time are integrated. Section 3 formulates the inspection task sequence planning as a variation of the TSP  , and simulated annealing 15  is introduced to find a timesuboptimal route. In PT modification  , which occurs in randomized and genetic strategies  , states are complete IQ  , an action is a transform or a crossover method and the goal description involves a stop condition based on specific parameters of the search strategies e.g. , time constraint in iterative-improvement  , temperature in simulated-annealing or number of generations in genetic strategies. Experimental evaluation suggests that x 0 = 0.8 and a T 0 equal to the similarity of the initial solution  , is the best combination for the initial value of T. For decreasing the value of T  , we apply the common e.g. , 19 decrement rule: Thus  , the training time for the simulated annealing method can be greatly reduced. It was found experimentally that if the NN is trained once at a low temperature and the output temperature temperature of sigmoidal function of hidden layer is set to a high temperature T  , and then frozen down gradually   , the effects on the potential function are similar to the ones obtained by having trained the NN each time the temperature is reduced. This also happens to be the KB that we did more experiments on since it provided more complexity and more representative prob- lems. For example  , in both cases AEi is always negative for some move i  , until a local minima is reached and such minima are few in the complete reconfiguration of the robot from the initial to the final configuration. It deals effectively with path planning  , and incorporates the method of simulated annealing to avoid local minima regardless of domain dimension or complexity . Our path planning approach provides flexibility due to the automatic use of as many VPs as necessary based on the complexity of the planned path  , efficiency due to the use of the necessary via points for the path representation at all times  , and massive parallelism due to the parallel computation of individual VP motions with only local infonnation. This parameter selection approach can be viewed as a function minimizing method  , where the input of the objective function is the parameter of the underlying learner and the value of the function is the aggregated error of the underlying method on a fixed optimization set. A way to avoid local minima is the use of simulated annealing on the potential field representation of the obstacle regions: the potential field represents abstractly the obstacle region and  , as time goes by  , the representation becomes more accurate. However  , due to the representation of the collision function by a potential field  , path planning may stick into local minima as it is shown in figure 6 d where the obstacle regions are represented by two rectangular regions. The concept of building robots which are capable of changing their structure according to the needs of the prescribed task and the conditions of the environment has been inspired from the idea of forming topologically different objects with a single and massively interconnected system. In PT generation  , the initial state is constituted by the relations and predicates from the input query together with related schema information  , states are join nodes  , an action is an expand method and goal states are join nodes that correspond to complete PTs e.g. , j2 and j3 in Figure 1. We use the log-likelihood LL and the Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance KS-distance 8 to evaluate the goodness-of-fit of and . The KS-distance as defined below In general  , a better fit corresponds to a bigger LL and/or a smaller KS-distance. The criterion used to1 detect this phenomena comes from the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 13. Mitosis is essential because  , after some training  , there can be nodes that try to single-handedly model two distinctly different clusters. A more difficult bias usually causes a greater proportion of features to fail KS. We have thus demonstrated how the Kolmogorov- Smirnov Test may be used in identifying the proportion of features which are significantly different within two data samples. The tasks compared the result 'click' distributions where the length of the summary was manipulated. 3 These judgements were analysed with the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test KS test to determine whether two given samples follow the same distribution 15. D is the maximum vertical deviation as computed by the KS test. An * indicates that the Kolmogorov- Smirnov test did not confirm a significant di↵erence p > 0.05 between the indicated bin and the fourth bin. In all cases  , the PL hypothesis provides a p-value much lower than 0.1 our choice of the significance level of the KS-test. We use the Kolmogorov- Smirnov test KS  , whose p-values are shown in the last column of Table 3. The HEC utilizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test to determine the compactness of a data cluster 13  , and decide if a node should be divided mitosis to better model what might be two different clusters. Perhaps the best example of a  It also permits nodes which can represent topographical cues to be freely added and/or removed. Moreover  , two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test of the samples in the two groups indicates that the difference of the two groups is statistically significant . The figures also clearly indicate that the density curve for Rel:SameReviewer is more concentrated around zero than Rel:DifferentReviewer for all three categories. Their methods automatically estimate the scaling parameter s  , by selecting the fit that minimizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS D − statistic. Given the retrieval measurements taken for a particular query set and length  , we determined whether the retrieval effectiveness followed a power law distribution by applying the statistical methods by Clauset et al 3. To answer RQ1  , for each action ID we split the observed times in two context groups  , which correspond to different sets of previous user interactions  , and run the two-sample twosided Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 14 to determine whether the observed times were drawn from the same distribution. Experiment 1. Tague and Nelson 16 validated whether the performance of their generated queries was similar to real queries across the points of the precision-recall graph using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS Test. In order to establish replicative validity of a query model we need to determine whether the generated queries from the model are representative of the corresponding manual queries. It reaches a maximum MRR of 0.879 when trained with 6 data sources and then saturates  , retaining almost the same MRR for higher number of training data sources used. Figure 2 clearly shows that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS-test-based approach achieves much higher MRR than the other 4 approaches for all number of labelled data sources used in training. Users were asked in the post-task questionnaire which summary made the users want to know more about the underlying document . Similar to the Mann-Whitney test  , it does not assume normal distributions of the population and works well on samples with unequal sizes. We also considered the two-sample Kolmogorov -Smirnov KS Test 6  , a non-parametric test that tests if the two samples are drawn from the same distribution by comparing the cumulative distribution functions CDF of the two samples. The KS test is slightly more powerful than the Mann-Whitney's U test in the sense that it cares only about the relative distribution of the data and the result does not change due to transformations applied to the data. Our experiments on numeric data show that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test achieves the highest label prediction accuracy of the various statistical hypothesis tests. While this difference is visually apparent  , we also ensure it is statistically significant using two methods: 1 the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test  , and 2 a permutation test  , to verify that the two samples are drawn from different probability distributions. In both cases  , suspended and deviant users are visibly characterized by different distributions: suspended users tend to have higher deviance scores than deviant not suspended users. If you assume that the two samples are drawn from distributions with the same shape  , then it can be viewed as a comparison of the medians of the two samples. The null hypothesis states that the observed times were drawn from the same distribution  , which means that there is no context bias effect. The exception to this trend is Mammography   , which reports zero correlation categorically  , as within each test either all or none of the features fail the KS test except for some MCAR trials for which failure occurred totally at random. The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. It also shows that the multi-probe method is better than the entropy-based LSH method by a significant factor. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. The results show that the multi-probe LSH method is significantly more space efficient than the basic LSH method. This section provides a brief overview of LSH functions  , the basic LSH indexing method and a recently proposed entropy-based LSH indexing method. Performing a similarity search query on an LSH index consists of two steps: 1 using LSH functions to select " candidate " objects for a given query q  , and 2 ranking the candidate objects according to their distances to q. Table 2 shows the average results of the basic LSH  , entropybased LSH and multi-probe LSH methods using 100 random queries with the image dataset and the audio dataset. To achieve over 0.9 recall  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 while achieving similar time efficiencies. Our evaluation shows that the multi-probe LSH method substantially improves over the basic and entropy-based LSH methods in both space and time efficiency. The space efficiency implication is dramatic. In all cases  , the multi-probe LSH method has similar query time to the basic LSH method. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. For even larger datasets  , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. We have experimented with different number of hash tables L for all three LSH methods and different number of probes T i.e. , number of extra hash buckets to check  , for the multiprobe LSH method and the entropy-based LSH method. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. Our experimental results show that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropy-based LSH methods to achieve desired search accuracy and query time. This paper presents the multi-probe LSH indexing method for high-dimensional similarity search  , which uses carefully derived probing sequences to probe multiple hash buckets in a systematic way. It shows that for most recall values  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the basic LSH method by an order of magnitude. Here  , for easier comparison  , we use the same number of probes T = 100 for both multi-probe LSH and entropy-based LSH. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. Recently  , many studies have attempted to improve upon the regular LSH technique. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space  , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. The multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 and reduces that of the entropy-based approach by a factor of 5 to 8. For both the image data set and the audio data set  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables by a factor of 14 to 18. In comparison with the entropy-based LSH method  , multi-probe LSH reduces the space requirement by a factor of 5 to 8 and uses less query time  , while achieving the same search quality. To compare the two approaches in detail  , we are interested in answering two questions. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. LSH is a promising method for approximate K-NN search in high dimensional spaces. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method  , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods. The results in Table 2also show that the multi-probe LSH method is substantially more space and time efficient than the entropy-based approach. By picking the probing sequence carefully  , it also requires checking far fewer buckets than entropy-based LSH. By probing multiple buckets in each hash table  , the method requires far fewer hash tables than previously proposed LSH methods. Instead of generating perturbed queries  , our method computes a non-overlapped bucket sequence  , according to the probability of containing similar objects. The multi-probe LSH method proposed in this paper is inspired by but quite different from the entropybased LSH method. ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. Lin et al. higher Max F 1 score than ANDD-LSH-Jacc  , and both outperform Charikar's random projection method. Both outperform SpotSigs substantially. We emphasize that our focus in this paper is on improving the space and time efficiency of LSH  , already established as an attractive technique for high-dimensional similarity search. We see that our method strictly out-performs LSH: we achieve significantly higher recall at similar scan rate. Table 4summarizes recall and scan rate for both method. We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: We use plain LSH 13  rather than the more recent Multi- Probing LSH 17 in this evaluation as the latter is mainly to reduce space cost  , but could slightly raise scan rate to achieve the same recall. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the entropy-based approach by a factor of 7.0  , 5.5  , and 6.0 respectively for the three recall values  , while reducing the query time by half. Although both multi-probe and entropy-based methods visit multiple buckets for each hash table  , they are very different in terms of how they probe multiple buckets. However  , this method does not use task-specific objective function for learning the metric; more importantly  , it does not learn the bit vector representation directly. 12 propose a method figure 1c that applies LSH on a learned metric referred as M+LSH in Table 1. Experimental studies show that this basic LSH method needs over a hundred 13 and sometimes several hundred hash tables 6 to achieve good search accuracy for high-dimensional datasets. To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. In practice  , it is difficult to generate perturbed queries in a data-independent way and most hashed buckets by the perturbed queries are redundant. Finally  , we give the recognition result based on the searching results. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. It is a big step for calligraphic character recognition. We have implemented the entropy-based LSH indexing method. If Rp is too large  , it would require many perturbed queries to achieve good search quality. The default probing method for multi-probe LSH is querydirected probing. It runs the Linux operating system with a 2.6.9 kernel. Intuitively  , increases as the increase of   , while decreases as the increase of . Therefore  , we set í µí»¿ and in our LSH-based method. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 13  is a promising method for approximate K- NN search. However  , they all have the scalability problem mentioned above. Besides the random projections of generating binary code methods  , several machine learning methods are developed recently. Furthermore the LSH based method E2LSH is proposed in 20. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. For high-dimensional similarity search  , the best-known indexing method is locality sensitive hashing LSH 17. We found that although the entropybased method can reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method  , significant improvements are possible. To explore the practicality of this approach  , we have implemented it and conducted an experimental study. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. The basic LSH indexing method 17 only checks the buckets to which the query object is hashed and usually requires a large number of hash tables hundreds to achieve good search quality. Theoretical lower bounds for LSH have also been studied 21  , 1. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects  , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. This paper focuses on comparing the basic  , entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods in the case that the index data structure fits in main memory. The second is an audio dataset that contains 2.6 million words  , each represented by a 192-dimensional feature vector. However  , due to the limitation of random projection  , LSH usually needs a quite long hash code and hundreds of hash tables to guarantee good retrieval performance. One of the well-known uni-modal hashing method is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 2  , which uses random projections to obtain the hash functions. We compare our new method to previously proposed LSH methods – a detailed comparison with other indexing techniques is outside the scope of this work. Ideally  , we would like to examine the buckets with the highest success probabilities. To address the issues associated with the basic and entropybased LSH methods  , we propose a new method called multiprobe LSH  , which uses a more systematic approach to explore hash buckets. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 24  , which contains images crawled from the web. Also note that the space cost of LSH is much higher than ours as tens of hash tables are needed  , and the computational cost to construct those hash tables are not considered in the com- parison. However  , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic  , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory  , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . Also  , each method reads all the feature vectors into main memory at startup time. Spectral hashing SH 36  uses spectral graph partitioning strategy for hash function learning where the graph is constructed based on the similarity between data points. The resulting hashing method achieves better performance than LSH for audio retrieval. First  , when using the same number of hash tables  , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need  , compared with the entropy-based approach ? Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. Here  , we focus on locality sensitive hashing techniques that are most relevant to our work. Acknowledgments. Another future work is to study a hybrid scheme that integrates approximate methods such as LSH with our exact method for larger datasets when a trade-off between speed and accuracy is acceptable. We plan to study these issues in the near future. In this paper we will use the GIST descriptor to represent a calligraphic character image. Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability. Note that the randomized nature of the Minhash generation method requires further checks to increase the probability of uncovering all pairs of related articles in terms of the signature. Note that one can always apply binary LSH on top of a metric learning method like NCA or LMNN to construct bit vectors. For NCA  , we use the implementation in the Matlab Toolbox for Dimensionality Reduction 13 . We have used two datasets in our evaluation. Figure 10shows that the search quality is not so sensitive to different K values. Another sensitivity question is whether the search quality of the multi-probe LSH method is sensitive to different K values. As we will show  , our method has better performance characteristics for retrieval and sketching under some common conditions. One of the best known LSH methods for handling 1 distances is based on stable distributions 2. We have developed and analyzed two schemes to compute the probing sequence: step-wise probing and query-directed probing. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple  , step-wise sequence. These machine learning methods usually learn much more compact codes than LSH since they are more complicated. Furthermore  , a semi-supervised learning method proposed in 6 is to perform binary code learning. Most of the existing hashing approaches are uni-modal hashing. Since each hash table entry consumes about 16 bytes in our implementation   , 2 gigabytes of main memory can hold the index data structure of the basic LSH method for about 4-million images to achieve a 0.93 recall. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. In a recent theoretical study 22  , Panigrahy proposed an entropy-based LSH method that generates randomly " perturbed " objects near the query object  , queries them in addi-tion to the query object  , and returns the union of all results as the candidate set. This is because that using the LSH-based method for similarity searching greatly reduced the time of  was about 0.004 second in our experiment  , which is very time-consuming in Yu's because it calculate the skeleton similarity between the input calligraphic character and all the candidates in the huge CCD. We see from Table 1that our method was particularly fast. This method does not make use of data to learn the representation. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 1 is a simple method figure  1a in which bit vector representation for a data point object is obtained from projecting the data vector on several random directions   , and converting the projected values to {0  , 1} by thresholding. Although LSH can be applied on the projected data using a metric learned via NCA or LMNN  , any such independent two stage method will be sub-optimal in getting a good bit vector representation. To perform a similarity search  , the indexing method hashes a query object into a bucket  , uses the data objects in the bucket as the candidate set of the results  , and then ranks the candidate objects using the distance measure of the similarity search. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 7 constitutes an established method for hashing items of a high-dimensional space in such a way that similar items i.e. , near duplicates are assigned to the same hash value with a high probability p 1 . Thus  , we replace it with a near-duplicates detection method. Figure 8 shows some recognition results of five different calligraphic styles using our LSH-based method. As Yu's method is based on skeleton  , which usually can't be appropriately extracted especially when the character is scratchy or complex  , the recognition rate will be pretty low in clerical script and cursive script. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. , SH and AGH  , we randomly sample 3000 data points as the training set; for the point-wise supervised method SSH  , we additionally sample 1000 data points with their concept labels; for the list-wise supervised methods i.e. , RSH and LWH  , we randomly sample 300 query samples from the 1000 labeled samples to compute the true ranking list. We compare the proposed LWH with six stat-of-the-art hashing methods including four unsupervised methods LSH 1  , SH 11  , AGH 5  , KLSH 4  , one supervisedsemi method SSH 9  , and one list-wise supervised method RSH 10. As we know  , most calligraphic characters in CCD were written in ancient times  , most common people can't recognize them without the help of experts  , so we invited experts to help us build CCD. In this paper  , we propose a novel method  , called LSH-based large scale Chinese calligraphic character recognition on CCD. In our system  , we use a standard Jaccard-based hashing method to find similar news articles. To tackle this issue  , we propose to employ LSH to eliminate unnecessary similarity computations between unrelated articles  , and get a rough separation on the original news corpus. The probability that the two hash values match is the same as the Jaccard similarity of the two k-gram vectors . As pointed out by Charikar 5   , the min-wise independent permutations method used in Shingling is in fact a particular case of a locality sensitive hashing LSH scheme introduced by Indyk and Motwani 12. Since the similarity functions that our learning method optimizes for are cosine and Jaccard  , we apply the corresponding LSH schemes when generating signatures. The similarity score of two documents is derived by counting the number of identical hash values  , divided by m. As m increases  , this scheme will approximate asymptotically the true similarity score given by the specific function fsim. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object  , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. Hence we restrict our attention to perturbation vectors ∆ with δi ∈ {−1  , 0  , 1}. For the entropybased LSH method  , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. In the results  , unless otherwise specified  , the default values are W = 0.7  , M = 16 for the image dataset and W = 24.0  , M = 11 for the audio dataset. A sensitivity question is whether this approach generates a larger candidate set than the other approaches or not. By probing multiple hash buckets per table  , the multiprobe LSH method can greatly reduce the number of hash tables while finding desired similar objects. Baselines: We compare our method to two state-of-theart FSD models as follows. We use the same LSH- FSD system parameters as 10  , 11  , namely K=13 hashcode bits and L=70 hashtables  , the hashing trick is used with a pool of size 2 18 and we select 2000 tweets and a back-off threshold of bt=0.6 for the variance reduction step. For methods SH and STH  , although these methods try to preserve the similarity between documents in their learned hashing codes  , they do not utilize the supervised information contained in tags. This is because LSH method is data-oblivious and may lead to inefficient codes in practice as also observed in 22 and 34. Figure 1shows how the multi-probe LSH method works. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. In future we plan to make more comparison of our image representation and other descriptors  , such as SIFT and HOG. Our experiments show that the LSH-based method is effective and efficient for recognizing Chinese calligraphic character and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. In addition  , dissimilar items are associated with the same hash values with a very low probability p 2 . In addition  , the construction of the index data structure should be quick and it should deal with various sequences of insertions and deletions conveniently. The key idea is to hash the points using several hash functions so as to ensure that  , for each function  , the probability of collision is much higher for objects which are close to each other than for those which are far apart. Instead of using space partitioning  , it relies on a new method called localitysensitive hashing LSH. Then we run another three sets of experiments for MV-DNN. For our proposed approach  , for both Apps and News data sets  , we first run three sets of experiments to train single-view DNN models  , each of which corresponds to a dimension reduction method in Section 6 SV-TopK ,SV-Kmeans and SV-LSH. As a result  , the precision is significantly improved without sacrificing too much recall. Also  , our method performs well in recognition rate and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces  , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. For low similarity thresholds or very skewed distributions of document lengths  , however  , LSH remains the method-of-choice as it provides the most versatile and tunable toolkit for high-dimensional similarity search. For new user recommendation in our scenario  , we take the transpose of the collaborative matrix A as input and supply user features instead of items features. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. Run dijkstra search from the final node as shown in Fig.6. Run dijkstra search from the initial node as shown in Fig.5.2. Thus  , Dijkstra quickly becomes infeasible for practical purposes; it takes 10 seconds for 1000 services per task  , and almost 100 seconds for 3000 services per task. The runtime of Dijkstra significantly increases  , as the number of services per task increases. There are  , however  , important differences. The language was influenced significantly by the Dijkstra " guarded command language " 4 and CSP lo . For each node  , add the costs computed by the two dijkstra searches. In Fig.8  , this is shown as pointer b. Dijkstra's point was important then and no less significant now. Dijkstra makes this observation in his famous letter on the GOTO statement  , Dijkstra 69 observing that computer programs are static entities and are thus easier for human minds to comprehend  , while program executions are dynamic and far harder to comprehend and reason about effectively. Boolean assertions in programming languages and testing frameworks embody this notion. Dijkstra says " a program with an error is just wrong " 10. Selected statistics can be found in Table 2. The Reverse Dijkstra heuristic is as described in Section 3.2.3 and shows significant improvement. These operations are executed through the standard semaphore technique Dijkstra DijSS using only one lock type. In this solution only the locking and unlocking operations are valid. Channels and variables may either be local or global. This approach provides a clean  , powerful method for working with a program specification to either derive a program structure which correctly implements the specification  , or just as important to identify portions of the specification which are incomplete or inconsistent. The most significant recent advance in programming methodology has been the constructive approach to developing correct programs or "programming calculus" formulated in Dijkstra 75  , elaborated with numerous examples in Dijkstra 76  , and discussed further in Gries 76. This heuristic only searches over the 2D grid map of the base layer with obstacles inflated by the base inner circle. The heuristic for the planner uses a 2D Dijkstra search from the goal state. The robot in this comparison is a differentially driven wheelchair and the lower bound eq. Assume there is a known minimal Figure 6shows the performance of Branch and Bound compared with Dijkstra. The first  , an optimistic heuristic  , assumes that all possible matches in the sequences are made regardless of their order in the sequence. The VLBG creates a graph where each node corresponds to a state that the vehicle may visit. The current implementation of the VLBG it is based upon a graph search technique derived from Dijkstra search. During the ARA* search  , the costs for applying a motion primitive correspond to the length of the trajectory and additionally depend on the proximity to obstacles. Using Dijkstra or other graph searching methods  , a path between the start and goal configuration is then easily found. In general  , these configurations are not present in the roadmap  , so they are added to the roadmap using the local planner. Finally  , the GETHEURISTIC function is called on every state encountered by the search. Notice that this takes O|V | 2 log|V | since the graph G is fully connected using a binary heap for the Dijkstra priority queue. The robot then uses a Dijkstra-based graph search 20 to find the shortest path to the destination. This information  , along with the CS positions in the robot frame  , and with the map  , identifies the robot pose position and orientation. Program building blocks are features that use AspectJ as the underlying weaving technology . Their method  , called Horizontal Decomposition HD  , decomposes programs hierarchically a la Dijkstra 11 using levels of abstraction and step-wise refinement. The colors have the following semanticsWhen marking is over  , all the reachable objects have been detected as such and examined  , and are therefore black. According to Dijkstra  , at any given time an object has one of three colors. For the same workflow size  , GA* 100  , NetGA 100 and NetGA 50 maintain runtime ratios of about 4:2:1 regardless of the number of services per task. The purpose of this circular region is to maintain an admissible heuristic despite having an underspecified search goal. The base heuristic is calculated by running a 2D Dijkstra search for the robot base for which the goal region is defined by a circle centered around the x  , y projection of the goal pose. On the contrary  , the " shortest path " also called " geodesic " or " Dijkstra "  distance between nodes of a graph does not necesarily decrease when connections between nodes are added  , and thus does not capture the fact that strongly connected nodes are closer than weakly connected nodes. In short  , two nodes are considered as similar if there are many short paths connecting them. In any case  , whichever way has been followed to actually build the program  , it is illuminating to be able to study and examine it by increasing levels of details at the reader's convenience. Well known works by Dijkstra DIJK72  , Wirth WIRT 71  , Gries GRIE 73 and others have assessed the usefulness of deriving a program in a hierarchical way. As a consequence our ability to manage large software systems simply breaks down once a certain threshold complexity is approached. It was pointed out by Dijkstra that the structural complexity of a large software system is greater than that of any other system constructed by man 3  , and that man's ability to handle complexity is severely limited DI ,D2. In his 1968 letter  , Dijkstra noted that the programmer manipulates source code as a way to achieve a desired change in the program's behaviour; that is  , the executions of the program are what is germane  , and the source code is an indirect vehicle for achieving those behaviours. A video demonstration can be found online: http://cs.uwaterloo.ca/~rtholmes/go/icse11demo. We are reaching the point where we are willing to tie ourselves down by declaring in advance our variable types  , weakest preconditions  , and the like. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. The third component is identification of documents for human relevance assessment. The common thread here is that the most plausible experiments are on real or realistic data; search tasks such as to find the documents on computer science in a collection of chemical abstracts seeded with a small number of articles by Knuth and Dijkstra are unlikely to be persuasive Tague-Sutcliffe  , 1992. No one advocates or teaches this style of description  , so why do people use it instead of the more precise vocabulary of computer science ? In fact  , Edsgar Dijkstra was so offended by the frequency of such talk that he suggested instituting a system of fines to stamp it out 12. One of the ways in which object-oriented programming helps us to do more  , to cope with the everincreasing variety of objects that our programs are asked to manipulate  , is by encouraging the programmer to provide diverse objects with uniform protocol. Edsger Dijkstra has written eloquently of " our inability to do much " 5. We selected Prevayler because it was used as a case study for an aspect-oriented refactoring method by Godil  , Zhang  , and Jacobsen 1428. If the precomputations would have to be run often  , we suggest not using the precomputations and instead running the Dijkstra search in AFTERGOAL with an unsorted array Section IV-B.1. a new path is added or the environment changes  , the precomputations would need to be re-run. We found that this makes all methods slower by 0.02s but it avoids the need for precomputation. While this heuristic captures some information about obstacles in the environment  , it does not account for the orientation of the robot. The heuristic for a state x  , y  , ✓ of the robot is then the Dijkstra distance from the cell x  , y to the goal. We used the idea of motion compression in order to apply Dual Dijkstra Search to motion planning of 7 DOF arm. The way to avoid an obstacle differs in two figures  , and these motions can be used as motion can- didates. The latter corresponds to placing a state-dependent conditions akin to Dijkstra guards on the servicing of PI operation 12 HRT-UML draws from the Ravenscar Profile the restrictions on the use of these invocation constraints. The former caters for controlled access to shared resources. E. W. Dijkstra  , in his book on structured pro- gramming 7   , describes a backtracking solution with pruning   , which we implemented in Java for the purpose of our experiment. The problem of N-Queens involves placing N queens on an N × N chess board so that no queen can take any of the others. We will see that there is a direct route from Newton via Dijkstra to the programme put forward by Gaudel and her collaborators 7 ,8. As an illustration of the power of these ideas  , as applied to Software Engineering  , we can look at specification based testing and quickly see how this framework illuminates our discussions of testing. Accordingly  , the marking agent successively examines all the reachable objects  , In order to remember which objects have already been examined  , and which ones still need to be  , the agent uses three color marking  , a method introduced by Dijkstra et al. Marking is done according to Definition 2. It then receives the results of the simulation and creates a final cost to be passed back to the BG module based on rules for combining the output of the individual KD overlays. Depending on the result of the graph search  , the robot will approach and follow another street repeat the corresponding actions in the plan  , or stop if the crossing corresponds to the desired destination. l'm afraid that this particular problem will be a long time in going away. The automatic generation of weakest assumptions has direct application to the assume-guarantee proof; it removes the burden of specifying assumptions manually thus automating this type of reasoning. Intuitively  , the weakest assumption can be related to the notion of a weakest precondition as given by Dijkstra 12 . We will briefly examine why these ideas are misguided based as they are on intuition about the nature of testing and how they may be reformulated to take account of scientific principles. This is shown in Figure 2c  , where a state with a smaller Dijkstra distance heuristic was sampled in the narrow passage. When the search is " stuck "   , DMHA* randomly samples a state in the vicinity of the local minimum such that the sampled state has a smaller baseline heuristic than the local minimum state. Algebraic axioms are particularly apt for describing the relationships between operations and for indicating how these operations are meant to be used. Algebraic specification approaches such as OBJ 6 and Larch 7 and input/output predicate approaches such as Hoare 10  , Alphard 29  , Dijkstra 3  , and Anna 15 represent some of the ways in which a system builder might describe the semantics of system objects. We also foresee that pruned landmark trees could be dynamically updated under edge insertions and deletions using techniques similar to those outlined in Tretyakov et al. The methods were presented for the case of undirected unweighed graphs  , but they can be generalized to support weighted and directed graphs by replacing BFS with Dijkstra traversal and storing two separate trees for each landmark – one for incoming paths and another for outgoing ones. To copy otherwise  , to republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. This reasoning led Dijkstra and others to advocate the notions Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. With k = 100 and r = 5 the PLT approach underperforms only slightly in terms of accuracy  , yet requires 10 times less space and 5 times less time per query. To make software evolution easier  , Dijkstra 9 and Parnas 18 recommended that any particular program be developed as though it is a member of a family of potential programs that share some common properties  , facilitated through appropriate abstraction of these commonalities. There is no published empirical proof that the programming technique of systematic software reuse reduces program development time  , duration  , cost  , skill-requirements  , or defect-density on any practicalscale project &lo  , 11 ,211. Among the more important concepts in systems  , languages  , and programming methodology during the last several years are those of data type Hoare 72  , clean control structure Dijkstra 72  , Hoare 74  , and capability-based addressing Fabry 74. Section 4 closes the paper with a critical evaluation of the system in light of the claims made in Cohen/Jefferson 75 and the goals cited in Section 2. However  , an additional and ultimately more important reason for skyrocketing software costs arises from the fact that current large software systems are much more complex by any measure of complexity than the systems being developed 25 years ago or even ten years ago. The second component is a set of queries that might reasonably be applied to that collection. The concept of program families evolved into the notion that reusable assets focused on a well-defined domain  , in the context of a domain-specific architecture  , show more promise in reducing development time 2 ,6 ,22. This ratio inand hence ~speedupnducsll~thesquarerootoftheradiusofthe largest domain  , and hence our earlier observation that the benefit of our scheme decreases as the domains am made bigger by decreasing the total manber of domains. if we are linding shortest distance between points that are farther apgt the effort ratio will be considerably less than 1 and there would be substantial speed UP- Thus  , the ratio of effort in tinding shortest distance between two points p r and p  ? , using our procedme compared to Dijkstra  , is OS% p&Q. These concepts are contributing to an increasingly coherent object-oriented view of programming  , manifested in the language developments of the Alphard and CLU groups Jones/Liskov 76  , in the systems work of Hydra at Carnegie-Mellon Wulf 74  , Wulf 75 and similar systems e.g. , at the University of California Lampson/Sturgis 76  , Cambridge Needham 72  , RA/LABORiA Ferrie 76  , Plessey Telecommunications England 74  , SRI Robinson 75  , and others at Carnegie-Mellon University Habermann 76  , Jones 77  , and in the continuing work on the Multics system Schroeder 77. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. , in terms of purity and precision. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. As shown in Table 4  , the proposed methods outperformed TF*IDF in terms of multiple metrics. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. Hence we propose three fusion methods to combine the two quantities by addition and multiplication: 1. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. The two are related quantities with different focuses. While LIB uses binary term occurrence to estimate least information a document carries in the term  , LIF measures the amount of least information based on term frequency. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. Whereas LIF well supported recall  , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin  , particularly in terms of purity  , precision  , and rand index. In all experiments on the four benchmark collections  , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. In addition  , whereas KL is infinite given extreme probabilities e.g. , for rare terms  , the amount of least information is bounded by the number of inferences. Experiments on several benchmark collections showed very strong per-formances of LIT-based term weighting schemes. LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. As discussed  , the LIB quantity is similar in spirit to IDF inverse document frequency whereas LIF can be seen as a means to normalize TF term frequency. In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. We derive two basic quanti-ties  , namely LI Binary LIB and LI Frequency LIF  , which can be used separately or combined to represent documents. By quantifying the amount of information required to explain probability distribution changes  , the proposed least information theory LIT establishes a new basic information quantity and provides insight into how terms can be weighted based on their probability distributions in documents vs. in the collection. ranging from the macroscopic level -paper foLding or gift wrapping -to the microscopic level -protein folding. Folding is a vcry common proccss in our lives. The folding problems  , especially protein folding  , have a few notable differences from usual PRM applications. In our case , Many problems related to the folding and unfolding of polyhedral objects have recently attracted the attention of the computational geometry community 25. Molecular dynamics simulations help us understand how proteins fold in nature  , and provide a means to study the underlying folding mechanism  , to investi­ gate folding pathways  , and can provide intermediate folding states. Also  , folding can be simulated by calculating the parabolic motion of each joint. In this simulation  , folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not considered. Each self-folding sheet was baked in an oven. II. In order to accomplish all four  , we needed a new self-folding method based on activation from a localized and independent stimulus. From these examples  , and considering the range of struc­ tures we are interested in creating  , we identify four principle requirements for a viable self-folding method: I sequential folding  , II angle-controlled folds  , III slot-and-tab assem­ bly  , and IV mountain-valley folding. For example  , for the paper folding problems  , one is interested in a path which makes a minimal number of folds  , and for the protein folding we are interested in low energy paths. For our folding problems  , however  , we arc interested not only in whether thew exists a path  , but we are also interested in the quality of th� path. In the Smartpainter project the painting motion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion in 2D and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions follow this folding of surfaces 3  , 91. Due to its relatively low accuracy demands  , spray painting is particularly suited for automated robot programming . In case of the paper material the folding edge flips back to its initial position. in folding the black Jean material  , the folding edge does not stay at the position that it is left by the gripper but it slides back by 1-2cm. We posit a modification scenario in which a developer is asked to modify the folding behaviour to automatically expand every nested level of folding when a user clicks on the fold marker. However  , when in the collapsed state  , clicking the fold marker will only expand one level of folding i.e. , if the expanded text has subsections that were folded  , they remain folded. In computational biology  , one of the most impor­ tant outstanding problems is protein folding  , i.e. , folding a one-dimensional amino acid chain into a three-dimensional protein structure. In computa­ tional geometry  , there are various paper folding problems as well 25. Thc formation order of secondary structures is related to a undamt:ntal question in protein folding: do secondary struc­ tures always form before the tertiary structure  , or is tertiary structure formed in a one-stage transition ? Therefore  , one possibility is to compare our folding pathways with experimental results known aboul folding intermediates. Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. Folding: Classes of data are folded in the case of symbolic testing. I Some statistics regarding the roadmaps constructed for the paper folding problems are shown in Table 1. Snapshots of the folding paths found are shown in Fig­ ures 1 and 3 for the box and the periscope  , respectively. I. Node generation. Our previous work on creating self-folding devices controlling its actuators with an internal control system is described in 3. This paper builds on prior work in self-folding  , computational origami and modular robots. Since the design and folding steps are automated  , these steps were finished in less than 7 minutes Tab. The most time consuming step of the experimental design and fabrication of self-folding structures was the physical construction of the self-folding sheets. By contrast  , the control information for the self-folding sheet described here is encoded in the design itself. First  , as our problems are not posed in an environment containing external obstacles  , the only collision constraint we impose is that our configurations be self-collision free  , and  , for the protein folding problem  , our preference for low energy con­ formations leads to an additional constraint on the feasible conformations. This paper presents a novel technique for self-folding that utilizes shape memory polymers  , resistive circuits  , and structural design features to achieve these requirements and create two­ dimensional composites capable of self-folding into three­ dimensional devices. The first step for the developer is to identify a few elements that could be related to the implementation of the folding feature. l. Each self-folding hinge must be approximately 10 mm long or folding will not occur  , limiting the total minimum size of the mechanism. However  , there are geometric constraints such as a minimum width of the links in order provide sufficient torque from the SMP to actuate self-folding of such devices. The painting mot ,ion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions following this folding of surfaces 2  , 81. The automatic generation of a 3D paint path has been attempted in the Smartpainter project. we conclude that folding the facets panel is neither necessarily beneficial nor detrimental. To answer our research question " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " Since the egg was folded on the preheated ceramic plate  , it folded itself in 3 minutes. We introduced a design pipeline which automatically generates folding information  , then compiles this information into fabrication files. In this paper  , we explored and analyzed an end-to-end approach to making self-folding sheets activated by uniformheat . Some statistics regarding the road maps con­ structed for the protein folding problems are shown in Ta­ hIe 2. The results for the protein folding examples are also very interesting. Folded testing. All shapes folded themselves in under 7 minutes. The self-folding time was also relatively short. In this paper we have demonstrated a novel technique for self-folding using shape-memory polymers and resistive heating that is capable of several fabrication features: sequen­ tial folding  , angle-controlled folds  , slot-and-tab assembly  , and mountain-valley folding. With the addition of power and controls to the unfolded composite  , it would be possible to build a robot that could deploy in its two­ dimensional form  , fold itself  , and begin operations. However   , this strategy is only applicable when 3D models of the objects are available and the curvature of the objects is relatively small. In formal program verification one usually avoids explicitly constructing representations of program states. Folding in program verification. 11shows the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained in the inverse problem. We used an inchworm robot to validate these techniques  , which transformed itself from a two-dimensional composite to a three-dimensional function­ ing device via the application of current  , a manual rotation  , and the addition of a battery and servo. In this section  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding. a X position b Z position utilized A self-folding sheet is defined as a crease pattern composed of cuts and folding edges hinges as shown in Fig 3. A shape memory polymer SMP actuator is located along each folding edge of the sheet  , and its fold angle is encoded by the geometry of the rigid material located at the edge. Our previous work 1  , 2 describes some designs that achieve this goal. In techniques based on program texts  , or information derived from program texts such aa flowgraphs  , the degree of folding will generally be determined by the class of model. A set of sufficient conditions for showing that a folding preserves violations of specifications expressed in propositional temporal logic are given in YouSS. In order to extract the motions required for performing dynamic folding of the cloth  , we first analyze the dynamic folding performed by a human subject. The robot motion can be obtained by a motion planning method based on a deformation model of the cloth  , as described in Section IV. Some common or often proposed initial transformations are: lookalike transformations  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , case folding  , word stemming  , stop words list  , feature selection 3. In this literature  , in this work  , we only use HTML deobfuscation and MIME normalization. For instance  , many techniques model control flow and omit data  , thus folding together program states which differ only in variable values. The velocity sensor is composed of two separate components: a sensing layer containing the loop of copper in which voltage is induced and a support layer that wraps around the sensing layer after folding to restrict the sensor's movement to one degree of freedom. the white LED used in the lamp were manually soldered to the composite prior to folding. '#N BigCC' is the number of the nodes in the biggest connected component of the roadmap  , '#edges' is the total number of edges  , and '#N path' is the number of roadmap nodes in the final folding path. In folding simulations  , similar structures between proteins could be indicative of a common folding pathway. On the other hand  , if a protein is designed as part of a drug delivery system  , structurally-similar proteins might also be used to effectively deliver a medicinal payload to sites within the body. 8there is a distinguishable difference between nominal and tip folding in the final phase of insertion d3 < d < d4. Based on inspection from results in Fig. In order to demonstrate self-folding  , a design was chosen that incorporates the four requirements listed above: the inchworm robot shown in Fig. 3d. We case-fold in our experiments. Case-folding overcomes differences between terms by representing all terms uniformly in a single case. If there are still mul­ tiple connected components in the roadmap after this stage other techniques will be applied to try to connect different connected components see 2 for details. For both the paper folding and protein folding models  , each con­ nection attempt performs feasibility checks for N intermedi­ ate confi gurations between the two corresponding nodes as determined by the chosen local planner. Other ongoing research aimed at applying PCRs to ligand-protein binding and protein folding is reported in BSAOO  , SAOU. The present paper extends this concept  , provides new results for ligand-protein binding  , and explores the application of PCRs to protein folding. There are s ti ll many interesting problems involving folding of tree­ like linkages. In this paper we are in­ terestcd in problems with tree-like linkage structures. The final 3D configuration is achieved by folding the right hand side shown in Fig. The characteristics of such pivots are discussed in To demonstrate these techniques  , we describe the development of the inchworm robot shown in Fig. Discussed in our 2005 spam track report 2 and CRM114's notes 4   , it would be far better if the learning machine itself either made these transformations automatically or used all the features. 3 Information hiding/unhiding by folding tree branches. 2 Hierarchical tree structure in an overall graph structure: ideal for representing content models. We are planning to study a game-like interface for structurization. Gaming interfaces already worked well in different areas  , such as OCR error correction and protein folding 30. In order to achieve local and sequential folding  , we required a way to activate the PSPS with a local stimulus. Wires and other discrete components e.g. 12  , the dynamic folding is shown as a continuous sequence of pictures taken at intervals of 57 ms. V. EXPERIMENT In Fig. University faculty lists form the seeds for such a crawl. We are currently working on folding in our classifier module into a web-scale crawler. Lemma 2 shows this crease pattern is correct. 2 builds a self-folding crease pattern in On 2  time and space. Videos of our autonomous folding runs are available at the URL provided in the introduction. The test on the pile of 5 towels was also completely successful. We also Collingbourne et al. The technique is also known as φ-folding 36   , a compiler optimization technique that collapses simple diamond-shaped structures in the CFG. Applications include the folding of robot arms in space when some of the actuators fail. Underactuated robots have been a recent topic of interest l-71. Our approach is based on the successful probabilistic roadmap PRM motion planning method 17. Further results on protein folding can be found in 27. In this paper  , we focus on validating our folding pathways by comparing the order in which the secondary strueturcs form in our paths with results for some small proleins lhat have been deler­ mined by pulse labeling and native state out-exchange ex­ periments 22. For the protein folding pathways found by our PRM frame­ work to be useful  , we must find some way to validate them with known results. For example  , 8 shows that cvery polyhedron can be 'wrapped' by folding a strip of paper around it  , which ad­ dresses a question arising in three-dimensional origami  , e.g. , III In most cases  , origami problems cannot be modeled as trees since the incident faces surrounding a given face form a cycle in the linkage structure. While most of the folding simulations to date have been relatively small  , focusing on runs of short  , engineered proteins  , large-scale simulations such as Folding@Home 13 have come online and are expected to generate a tremendous amount of data. In fact  , since a protein's sequence is static throughout the course of the simulation  , it is not possible to use a sequence-based representation in such settings. In our experiments  , we used folding-in with 20 EM iterations to map a document in test data to its corresponding topic vector . Thus  , BLTM can be considered as performing a translation from title to query via hidden topics. Variations give rise to ambiguity in the data  , and typically result in false negatives. Folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not analyzed in this paper. A method for the second element  , that is  , grasping the end of the deformed cloth  , will be discussed in the future. Also  , the elastic foot has folding sections in front and back relative to the leg. The ellipse foot is arranged with its major axis in line with the running direction. With a simple and fast heuristic we determine the language of the document: we assume the document to be in the language in which it contains the most stopwords. The resulting tokens are then normalised via case folding. For token normalization  , stateof-the-art Information Retrieval techniques such as case folding and word segmentation can be applied 18. 2 In Definition 2.3  , a term is a normalized class of tokens that is included in the system's dictionary. While an ideal cut would result in the same roughness on both sides  , occurrences of bunching  , folding  , tearing  , and debris generation can result in complementary edges with very different cut qualities. the cutting blade. Thus there could be an improvement not only in the dynamics of the structure  , but in the construction by utilizing these composite materials. Previously this differential was constructed using similar folding techniques as the four-bars. During foot removal  , the folding portions of the foot snap back into position shortly after leaving the water. Approximately 40% of each cycle is spent in the water  , 50% in the air  , and 10% retracting from the water. The self-folding devices in this paper were all fabricated using methods consistent with those published in Felton et al. It has two paper laminates: one to fold into a handle and one to provide structure to the sensor loop. As can be seen  , in both cases the problems were solved rather quickly with relatively small roadmaps. For example  , configurations in which the flaps of the box fold over other flaps. In the future  , we expect to further study more efficient motions of the fingers  , possibly in parallel  , to fold knots. The proofs are constructive and give explicit finger placements and folding motions. In future cost reductions could be a motivation t o build robots with fewer actuators than joints and replacing actuators with holding brakes. The former plays a part in folding the fingers and the latter plays a part in stretching the fingers. The muscles or tendons  , which help moving the human hand  , are roughly classified flexor muscles and extensor musclesl. Indri uses a document-distributed retrieval model when operating on a cluster. As such  , #weight folding  , in concert with max score  , gave us a large speedup in the query expansion runs. Protein Folding. In three dimensions  , there exist open and closed chains that can lock 4  , 5  , while  , in dimensions higher than three  , nei­ ther open nor closed chains can lock 6. The two objects in the tank are a triangular prism  , made by folding aluminum sheets  , and an aluminum cylinder with thick walls. In contrast  , the glass observation windows of the tank are smooth  , i.e. , specular reflectors. For the ellipse feet  , the front to back orientation provided far greater lift than the side to side orientation  , shown in Fig. A set of weighted features constitutes a high-dimensional vector  , with one dimension per unique feature in all documents taken together. Features are computed using standard IR techniques like tokenization  , case folding  , stop-word removal  , stemming and phrase detection. Mean values and first and third quartiles are given in Figure 4for both ambiguous and non ambiguous topics. The best performing method according to the Fowlkes-Mallows index is folding  , followed by reciprocal election and maxmin. Also investigations will be made in making the gluing and folding steps easier as the structures are made smaller. Here  , these requirements should be added to the already existing requirements needed to self-contain the microfluidic device. The operation of a packaging machine can be divided into three independent sub tasks: folding  , ing  , and sealing. This paper deals with a control problem common in machines for packaging fluids. However  , having the facets visible at all times did not introduce usability issues either. Maxmin on the other hand discards this original ranking and aims for maximal visual diversity of the representatives. In the case of folding  , the original ranking is respected by preferring higher ranked items as representatives over lower ranked items. We omit queries issued by clicking on the next link and use only first page requests 10 . Queries are passed through cleansing steps  , such as case-folding  , stop-word elimination  , term uniquing  , and reordering of query terms in alphabetical order . To encourage more participation  , a game-like interface is a promising approach. The remaining pd-graphs are obtained by subsequent folding of paths GSe5G5  , G53e4e3G2  , G4ezGz53  , and GlelG4253. The vertices depicted with circles are nodes  , and the numbers in the nodes give their capacity. By replacing T containing crease information cut or hinge to T containing desired angle information  , Alg. 2 finds fold angle u of its original edge ee  in M  , and collects u as a folding information T . Berry and Fierro 2 therefore proposed a technique of 'folding-in' by slightly warping the space around the new data  , which can be done relatively efficiently. This is a problem when the new data have to be added quickly. The problem of capturing functional landscapes over complex spaces is one of general interest. Mean  , first and third quartile performance is given in Figure 6   , while Table 1 presents the performance averaged over all topics. According to this measure  , reciprocal election outperforms folding and maxmin. A variety of transformations may be employed  , including function folding and unfolding  , data type refinement  , and optimizing transformations. Specifications are typically in the form of a very high level language involving mathematical constructs such as sets  , mappings  , relations  , and constraints. Next  , we presented techniques for extracting researcher names and research interests from their homepages. The shaded areas indicate the keyphrases that would be extracted using the default settings of each model. Phrases in bold are those that Kea extracted that are equivalent to author keyphrases after case-folding and stemming. A fourth layer is used to locally activate the contractile component  , enabling sequential and simultaneous folding. In both cases  , the hinge is perforated to make bending easier and to enable precise folds. We used joule heating from resistive circuit traces because as wide as possible to reduce resistance  , preventing unintended heating. In this section  , we explain a cloth deformation model that takes advantage of high-speed motion. Finally  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained with this motion planning method. By using the proposed model  , the trajectory of the robot system can be algebraically obtained when an arbitrary cloth configuration is given. As a consequence  , dynamic folding cannot be realized. In the case where a typical low-speed robot is used  , the proposed model cannot be applied  , and the appropriate deformation of the cloth cannot be achieved. There is also a great potential for motion planning in drug-design  , where it is used to study the folding of complex protein molecules  , see Song and Amato 141. e.g. Kuffncr 121 and Nieuwenhuiwn 3. The types of actuator design of self-folding sheets are determined by a selected actuator design function in Sec. Bridges hold object faces together during fabrication and reduce the number of release cuts required. The concept of a PCR was first introduced in SLB99  , along with its application to ligand-protein binding . This creates a small upward spike in force with a very short duration. Table 2shows show some of the phrase sets extracted from this paper. Their tablet readers do not demonstrate similar behaviors  , as they are not available in the interface 18 . One of these is the ability to narrow or broaden focus  , which readers of magazines accomplish by folding or reorienting the paper. The Lemur utility BuildBasicIndex was used to construct Lemur index files  , which we then converted to document vectors in BBR's format. 7 This parser performed case-folding  , replaced punctuation with whitespace  , and tokenized text at whitespace boundaries. In this experiment  , the robot motion obtained by the simulation is implemented. 12  , the dynamic folding is shown as a continuous sequence of pictures taken at intervals of 57 ms. We therefore utilized a manually folded 24-winding copper-based origami coil with the same folding geometry pattern as Fig. In practice  , MPF was unable to run sufficient current for actuation at this scale. We now describe results on paper folding and protein fold­ ing problems obtained using our PRM-based approach. In this paper we can only show path snapshots; movies can be found at http://www .cs.tamu.edu/faculty/amato/dsmft. In attitude control loops of spacecrafts with CMGs  , the Jacobian maps gimbal rates to components of torque 1. Inverse kinematics can be also linked to other areas  , for example spacecraft control with control moment gyros CMG  , animation   , protein folding. For example  , the image in Figure 1b of a three-page fold-out exhibits distortion from both folding and binder curl. Items that warrant camera-imaging often introduce more complex distortions that cannot be corrected by these techniques. 5 This parser performed case-folding  , replaced punctuation with whitespace  , and tokenized text at whitespace boundaries. As to tokenization  , we removed HTMLtags   , punctuation marks  , applied case-folding  , and mapped marked characters into the unmarked tokens. This is similar to our earlier experiments in the TREC Web track 4  , 5 . This set allows to move from one situation to another by folding or unfolding the parts of tlle semantic graph. The set of definitions is kept in data base for providing this possibility. In the parabolic motion calculation  , the velocity of each joint at the moment that the robot stops is considered as the initial condition. A perfect success rate of 100% was achieved on the 50 end-to-end trials of previously untested towels. We combined MPF and a heat-sensitive shrinking film to self-fold structures by applying global heat. In this paper  , we presented the method  , development  , and usage of self-folding electric devices. For these applications  , different criteria are used to judge the validity of nodes and edges. We have also applied C-PRM to several problems arising in computational Biology and Chemistry such as ligand binding and protein folding. All three of these tasks differ from RMS operations  , in that they only provide a single view of the workspace. Spatial ability was measured by the Paper Folding tests and Stumpf's Cube Perspectives Test. It appears that the facets were heavily used during searching in both versions of the search interface. In the base experimental data set described above  , no attribute values were missing. To ensure the significance of our results  , all results shown are the average of a 10 times cross-folding methodology. The projection facility is implemented like code folding in modern development environments  , in which bodies of methods or comments can be folded and unfolded on request. Secondly  , a projection facility can hide all code associated with a feature in the editor during development  , so that the remaining code can be viewed in isolation. Folding-in refers to the problem of computing representations of documents that were not contained in the original training collection . First  , if the class label of the document is given  , denoted as y d   , we represent the document in the topic space as Inverse kinematics is an essential element in any robotic control system and a considerable research has gone in the last decades in identifying a robust and generic solution to this problem. The problem of folding and unfolding is an interesting research topic and has been studied in several application do­ mains. In particular  , while motion planning does have the ability to answer questions about the reacha­ bility of certain goal states from other states  , its primary ob­ jective is to in fact determine the motions required to reach the goal. Neverthcless  , we show that these additional factors can be dealt with in a reasonable fashion within the PRM framework. The protein folding problem has a complication in that the way in which the protein folds depends on factors other than the purely geometrical con­ straints which govern the polygonal problems. So far our examples have demonstrated the folding capability of CSN. Using the Name Authority action in expand mode  , followed by selecting the text in this query box results in Figure 11  , where the query term has been expanded to include the variants Witten  , I. H. and Witten  , Ian H. This similarity may include the primary sequence over 20 basic amino acids  , or the local folding patterns in the secondary sequence alphabet of size three: α-helix  , β-sheet  , or loop  , or a combination of the two. In the case of protein databases  , scientists are often interested in locating proteins that are similar to a target protein of interest. The abduction angle characterizes the angle of the finger in the palm's plane  , whereas the flexion angle corresponds to the folding of the finger in the plane perpendicular to the palm. Inspired from lo  , the segments of articulation of each finger are concurrent at the wrist's middle point  , C   , as shown in Figure 2a. A major strength of PRMs is that they are quite simple to apply  , requiring only the ability to randomly generate points in C-space  , and then test them for feasibility. Fold " flattens " tables by converting one row into multiple rows  , folding a set of columns together into one column and replicating the rest. Many-to-Many transforms help to tackle higher-order schematic heterogeneities 18 where information is stored partly in data values  , and partly in the schema  , as shown in Figure 8. In a study comparing reading digital documents on a tablet with reading a paper  , the authors point out " lightweight navigation " features present in paper that are missing in their tablet interface. In this work  , the attachment of fine muscles such as ligament  , interosseus  , lumbricalis  , and so on is not considered since it is very difficult to make it artificially. In addition  , the friction loss is very small due to no wire folding at each joint. Therefore  , there are no differences in drive characteristics hetween vertical and horizontal directions   , and so this new joint system provides smoother drive compared with the active universal joint described in our previous reports. Thus  , eachjoint can he driven independently with two degrees of freedom. Gates' vision of " robots in every home " includes a Roomba  , a laundry-folding robot  , and a mobile assistive robot within the home  , with security and lawn-mowing robots outside 1. Contemporary visions of how robots will be used in daily life include many situations in which people interact and share their space with not only one  , but multiple  , robots. To preserve violations of specifications regarding paths in the execution state space  , including liveness properties and precedence properties  , additional conditions must be imposed on the mapping. They have applied this method to verify the correct sequencing of P  , V operations in an operating system. Howard and Alexander 4 suggested that proper sequencing of critical operations in a program can be verified by folding the "state graph" of the program into a given "prototype." The revised taxonomy reveals that  , while both techniques employ some folding  , one folds the state space further to allow exhaustive enumeration of program behaviors  , and the other visits only a sample of the complete space of possible states. The differences between these techniques  , their capabilities  , and their shortcomings illustrate the problems inherent in lumping them together in a taxonomy of fault detection techniques. Folding-in refers to the problem of computing a representation for a document or query that was not contained in the original training collection. Notice that LSA representations for diierent K form a nested sequence   , which is not true for the statistical models which are expected to capture a larger variety of reasonable de- compositions. When the user releases the mouse from their dragging operation   , the selected action Firstname folding in this case is applied  , and any items that are now identical in name are moved next to one another. This is so clicking on an items that is hyperlinked  , for example  , will not cause the browser to navigate away from the current page. Less improvement is obtained here than was observed for the ligand binding because C-PRM mainly optimizes the roadmap connection phase  , and this application spends more of its time in the node generation phase than the other applications studied do. Field studies of robots in educational facilities have used multiple Qrio humanoids along with the Rubi platform 2. In cooperation with BookCrossing   , we mailed all eligible users via the community mailing system  , asking them to participate in our online study. Figure 3: Intra-list similarity behavior a and overlap with original list b for increasing ΘF though without K-folding. When the developer requests a feature to be hidden  , CIDE just leaves a marker to indicate hidden code. Consequently  , an action in the state-based model will correspond to multiple concrete-class events in the traces. Creation of a state-based model typically requires merging similar concrete-class events occurring at different traces and " folding " several concrete-class events occurring at different time stamps within a trace into one. – WSML Text Editor: Until recently ontology engineers using the WSMO paradigm would create there WSMO descriptions by hand in a text editor. Within the WSMT we cater for such users and provide them with additional features including syntax highlighting  , syntax completion  , in line error notification  , content folding and bracket highlighting. The merging of these identical items does not occur at this point as there are cases where it makes sense to apply further transformation. In the case that the towel is originally held by a long side  , the table is used to spread out and regrasp the towel in the short side configuration  , from which point folding proceeds as if the short side had been held originally. 2o. Each finger but the thumb is assumed to be a planar manipulator. The pro­ posed method for graph folding is one of the solutions allowed by the general concept of state safety testing. In the case when only one token is allowed in a place as assumed here we substitute the place and its incident edges by one edge with a variable direction  , including no-direction. Feet with folding components on either side which collapsed during retraction experienced a smaller pull out force than similar feet with collapsing components on the front and back. Such a foot would in fact be more like the basilisk lizard than the standard flat circle used in the previous water runner studies. 19  Israel is deploying stationary robotic gun-sensor platforms along its borders with Gaza in automated kill zones  , equipped with fifty caliber machine guns and armored folding shields. The SWORDS platform developed by Foster-Miller is already at work in Iraq and Afghanistan and is fully capable of carrying lethal weaponry M240 or M249 machine guns  , or a Barrett .50 Caliber rifle. Any attempts to successfully characterize the intermediate structures or analyze common folding pathways  , either between multiple runs of a single protein or among the results of several proteins  , would hinge on an effective structural representation. Major software vendors have exploited the Internet explosion  , integrating web-page creation features into their popular and commonly used products to increase their perceived relevance. This work investigates the effect of the following techniques in reducing HTML document size  , both individually and in combination:  general tidying-up of document  , removal of proprietary tags  , folding of whitespace; We believe that our approach is more realistic in the long run. It is only recently  , for example  , that IBM announced plans to build the world's fastest supercomputer — Blue Gene — which will attempt to compute the three-dimensional folding of human protein molecules. Despite encouraging advances in computation and communication performance in recent years  , we are able to perform these activities only on a very small scale. On the other hand  , folding in other sources such as affiliation or the venue information are likely to yield more accurate rankings. Almost all work in expert ranking so far primarily deals with only document and author nodes and the proposed models do not seem easily extendible when additional sources of information are available. For instance  , a paper published in JCDL might be treated as more indicative of expertise if the query topic is digital libraries than some other conference venues. The development of sensors that utilize self-folding manufacturing techniques and their integration into more complex structures is an important stepping stone in the path towards autonomously assembling machines and robots. Although printable sensors may lack the robust structural strength and reliability of other sensors  , they have many potential applications such as low-cost rapid prototyping and manufacturing of customized designs in residential homes. Furthermore  , the orthogonality in the reduced k-dimensional basis for the column or row space of A depending on inserting terms or documents is corrupted causing deteriorating effects on the new representation. Folding-in is based on the existing latent semantic structure and hence new terms and documents have no effect on the representation of the pre-existing terms and documents. In this way  , we can represent a DTD or Schema structure as a set of parallel trees  , which closely resemble DTD/Schema syntax  , with links connecting some leaves with some roots  , in a graph-like manner. This crossed-links will turn the whole diagram into a graph  , but with interesting visualization and folding properties. By using joints which can only fold in one direction  , theoretically  , feet would slap and stroke in a flat formation  , fold during retraction  , and avoid accidentally collapsing the cavity. These joints fold only downward  , and have a physical stop to prevent them from folding upwards. These two facts  , taken together  , suggest that an improved foot for the water runner would be both elongated  , and have folding components. In that case  , the non-folding  , circular feet were unfairly punished in terms of lift due to the stationary nature of the test setup. Additionally  , problems associated with cavity drag during retraction may be somewhat decreased when the water runner can move forward and the foot pulls out from the cavity more along the entry path. Future test rigs may allow forward motion  , or may flow water past a stationary system to simulate forward movement of the water runner. Our main research question is " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " Therefore   , in this exploratory study we compare two search interfaces; one where the facets panel is always visible and one where the facets panel is collapsible and thus hidden by default. However  , note the empty big circles and squares representing the other short queries in the left and right corners of the simplex in figure 1a  , where the tempered EM could not help. Only the tempered version of EM 7 used for folding prevents that the short query is mapped to that border position. In these techniques  , the state space is considerably simplified by comparison to actual program execution  , but may still be too large to exhaustively enumerat ,e. Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. jEdit's folding feature allows users to hide portions of text by collapsing them into single lines with a visual cue representing the fold and allowing users to expand it. In fact  , in our example the developer would be likely to have been able to complete the task by analysing the number one element suggested on the second iteration Figure 2. More importantly  , the improvement of our system more and more depends on the details  , such as word segmentation  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , etc. , which already have departure from the original goal of TREC in some degree. In experiments  , some methods with good performance but time-consuming can not be applied . The idea was to circulate electrically connected tiles around the structure and to manually short the circuit  , thereby changing reducing the resistance in steps four steps in this case. This section demonstrates self-folding of a variable resistor as an example to show the capability of our system. In this work  , we showed theoretical bounds on the number of fingers needed to grasp and fold string into knots  , while ensuring that the string is held tautly in a polygonal arc. Mounted midway in the water column  , the sensor scans horizontally such that the scene can be safely approximated as two dimensional. For this rca­ son  , we believe motion planning has great potential to help us understand folding. Many widely used tests such as the Cube Comparisons test mental rotation  , Paper Folding test spatial visualization  , and Spatial Orientation test can be found in the Kit of Factor-Referenced Cognitive Tests ETS  , Princeton  , NJ 6. Many tests have been developed in order to measure these various factors of spatial ability. We disabled constant folding in LLVM because our test cases use concrete constants for the optimizations that use dataflow analyses as described in Section 4. The test cases to demonstrate cycles were generated for LLVM- 3.6 with Alive-generated code inserted into the InstCombine pass. We use the unstable branch of Z3 9  , which has better support for quantifiers  , for checking the constraints generated during cycle detection  , type checking  , and test-case generation. In this example the developer does not have access to information from previous tasks or other developers   , so a new concern is created in ConcernMapper. When no positional information is being recorded  , case folding or the removal of stop words would achieve only small savings  , since record-level inverted file entries for common words are represented very compactly in our coding methods. In our experiments we did not remove any stop words  , and retained all case information  , so that every sequence of alphanumeric characters was indexed. To simplify our experiments  , we dropped the document segments that were in the gold standard but were not in the ranked list of selected retrieved segments although we could have kept them by folding them into the LSA spaces. There were a total of 106 bilingual aspects from 36 topics that met this requirement excluding the All Others categories. We provided the goal conformations heforehand  , and then searched in the roadmap for the minimum weight path connecting the extended amino acid chain to the final three­ dimensional structure. A finite supply of electrodes resulted in a relatively sparse set of data 87 samples and offers two distinct ways to analyze the data. The target edge is also identified in the image and the relative distance between the two edges is calculated. The edges of the perimeter of the material are extracted  , the folding edge is identified and its X ,Y ,Z co-ordinates in the robot's base co-ordinate system are calculated. This could possibly involve using another layer of patterned SU-8 for the glue to eliminate the application by hand which risks glue in the flexure joints. It is difficult to characterize the acceleration of the incremental updates by a multiplicative factor  , as it is clearly a different shape than the standard curves. For example  , a page's du value can be increased by folding in the stationary distribution of a random walk that resets to only that page  , exactly analogous to increasing and propagating yu. By folding constraints at join points and using memoization techniques for procedures  , we are able to successfully apply our approach to large software systems. In our experiments  , we identify that on an average 50% of the protocols detected have size 3 or more precedence length 2 or more which cannot be detected by these approaches scalably. By clicking on the fold marker  , the user can switch between an expanded or a collapsed state. Before the searches  , each participant filled out a questionnaire to determine age  , education  , gender and computer experience  , and two psychometric testslO  , a test of verbal fluency Controlled Associations  , test FA-1 and a test for structural visualization Paper Folding  , test VZ-2. This design allowed us to block on experienced/novice users in our assessment of the systems. The ability to extract names of organizations  , people  , locations  , dates and times i.e. " The end result will be the automated generation of the following descriptors for video: Speakers by folding in speaker recognition systems working from the audio to cluster speeches by the same person The end result will be the automated generation of the following descriptors for video: Speakers by folding in speaker recognition systems working from the audio to cluster speeches by the same person   , affording a natural and powerful way of smoothing the distributions. The capacitive contact sensor successfully detected the touch of a human finger and demonstrates the potential to measure applied force. Its design allows for easy integration into the design and fold patterns for more complex machines that may require bi-stable switches  , actuators  , or valves. It is necessary to design a motion planning method in order to execute these elements. The key elements to achieve this dynamic folding of the cloth are: appropriate deformation to fold the cloth and grasping the end of the deformed cloth. By choosing 'download' from the top-left menu see Figure 5  , the data of the formation are broadcast to the robots in the simulator and they begin re-arranging themselves to establish the new formation. When done folding the chain  , the user saves the new formation and gives it a name. gripper mechanism was developed as an endeffector because gripper mechanisms are used very often in laparoscopic surgery. Moreover  , the fiction loss is very small due to the direct wire insertion from each unit to the ann  , which requires no wire folding  , and also the number of degrees of freedom can be easily increased thanks to the unit-type structure. Four experimental urban courses similar in difficulty were created from differently-sized boxes. The goal of Perspective Folding is to not simply to provide a large field of view but to give a frame of reference around the robot and present cues that peripheral vision and optic flow contribute to locomotion  , perception of self-motion  , and perception of other moving objects. Although this is a rather obvious result  , it may provide some insight into the more complicated case in which all the links are obstructed. It simply says that an obstacle can always be avoided by folding the last link into the workspace W  1   , n -1 which is free of collision by assumption. The criteria for specifying similarity are often approximate and the desired output is usually an ordered list of results. None of the subjects had previously participated in any TREC experiment. All subjects are male  , had an average age of 23  , 3 years on line search experience  , and average FA-1 Controlled Associations score of 28.6 and VZ-1 paper folding score 15. Folding intermediates have been an active research area over the last few years. Therefore  , we could study i the intermediate or transition states on the pathway  , and the order in which they are ob­ tained  , or Cii the formation order of secondary structures. Since these types of actuators are activated by uniform external energy sources  , a sheet containing these actuators does not require an internal control system. Recently  , various self-folding actuators triggered by external energy sources  , such as heat 1  , 2  , light 13  , or microwave 14  , in both macro-scales and micro-scales 15 have been introduced. Each edge in the original crease structure is thus mapped to a new crease structure capable of folding into the desired angle. The goal of this step is to take the 2D crease structure and the fold angles of a mesh as input and generate a crease structure that will self-fold the desired angles. As the folding angle approaches 180    , the density reaches its maximum value and the magnetic field increases for a given current. Note that the density of turns can be changed by regulating the gap widths of the valley folds  , which results in variation of the final height. When a simultaneous pattern of movement is reversed the projected trajectories in the relevant phase planes fold over. The detected breakpoints are marked on the trajectory and are indeed located at the folding points  , segmenting the angular position signals at the peaks and valleys of the signals not shown. Folding the overhand knot involves an operation to insert one of the links on the end through a triangle formed by other links  , which in this case has a limited size. Sketch of proof: Consider a 5-link polygonal arc with lengths 100  , 1  , 1  , 1  , 100. The paper presents a new approach to modeling a ve­ hicle system that can be viewed as a further develop­ ment of predicate/transition Petri neLs  , in which the underlying graph is undirected and tokens have a di­ rection attribute. Recent advances in X-ray crystallography and NMR imaging have made it possible to elucidate the folded conformations of a rapidly increasing number of proteins  , However  , little is known today about the folding pathways that transform an extended string of amino acids into a compact and stable structure. Note how intricately and compactly the SSEs are interwoven. This result is in agreement with 27 albeit we perform this comparison on a much higher number of datasets. Since the fp-8192 descriptors were also generated by enumerating paths of length up to seven and also cycles  , the performance difference suggests that the folding that takes place due to the fingerprint's hashing approach negatively impacts the classification performance. Along non-heating portions  , the trace width was made as wide as possible under geometric constraints in order to minimize unwanted heating and deformation. Therefore  , for each hinge  , the trace height was determined empirically to ensure sufficient folding without excessive warping or peeling. In this case  , since the shoulder line was almost vertical and did not give any clues on the tangent direction of the part  , the direction of the grip coordinates determined from the model shape was used as it was. 9c Because the large folding actually happened  , the 3D position corresponding to the shoulder node was far from the position of the model shape. After baking  , we measured the fold angle of each self-folded actuator. To characterize the fold angle as a function of the actuator geometry  , we built eight self-folding strips with gaps on the inner layer in the range of 0.25mm–2mm  , and baked them at 170  C. Each strip has three actuators with the identical gap dimensions. Even though the folding pathways pro­ vided by PRMs cannot be explicitly associated with actual timesteps  , they do provide us with a temporal ordering. So far It has only been possible to identifY approximate intermediate confoTI11ations for few proteins. On the other hand  , reciprocal election significantly outperforms the other methods in terms of variation of information  , a more general performance measure. This indicates that the folding approach benefits from its strong mechanism to automatically and dynamically select a proper number of clusters. For example   , an optimizer might include constant folding  , common subexpression elimination  , dead code elimination   , loop invariant code motion  , and inline expansion of procedure calls. Ambitious optimizers for sequential machines perform numerous transformations that involve deletion  , simplification  , and reordering of the generated code in an attempt to decrease the program's running time and space requirements. The next steps will include the development of a folding mechanism for the wings and the integration of a terrestrial locomotion mode e.g. This microglider prototype is a first step in our exploration of gliding as an alternative or complementary locomotion for miniature robotics to overcome obstacles and increase the traveling distance per energy unit. 2 builds and outputs a self-folding crease pattern V   , E   , F   , T  in On 2  time and space. 8shows a graph of an implemented actuator design function. The lamp was fabricated in the same manner as the switch  , but with a different fold pattern and shape. An additional paper layer was inserted between the PSPS and PCB to act as a lever arm and increase the folding torque. Motion planning is a very challenging problem that involves complicated physical constraints and high-dimensional configuration spaces. Research interests in this problem have been further fueled by the insight that the robot motion planning problem shares much similarity with and can serve as a model of diverse physical geometry problems such as mechanical system disassembly  , computer animation  , protein folding  , ligand docking and surgery planning. The con­ figuration of the ligand in the binding site has low potential energy  , and so the usual PRM feasibility test collision is replaced by a test for low potential energy. Besides ligand binding 16  , it has been applied also to study protein folding problems 17  , 18J as well. Some common preferences include large clearance  , small rotation  , low curvature smoothness  , few sharp corners  , avoiding singularities for manipulators  , or low potential energies Tor ligand binding and protein folding see Table 2. Usually  , there are other desirable properties for a path in addition to the basic requirement that it be collision-free. Because of our multilingual reader population  , we are considering " folding " accented and nonaccented characters together in search queries. For example  , searching utilities frequently are character-set neutral we use the MG system 8  , 11  , but expect that these observations apply more generally. However when more and more data have to be added  , the error accumulates to undesirable proportions. In addition  , elliptical feet with the major axis aligned side to side experienced a much greater pull out force than a similar foot with major axis aligned front to back. All feet with directionally compliant flaps which collapse during retraction performed better than feet which in no way collapsed during retraction. Feet with folding sections aligned front to back which remain flat during the slap and stroke phase and which collapse during retraction from the water were found to provide the largest lift and create the least drag. On the other hand  , the participant with a losing hand would try to bet in a way that the other players would assume otherwise and raise the bet taking high risks. Therefore  , a poker player with a winning hand would try to bet carefully to keep the pot growing and at the same time keep the opponent from folding early. Code fragments are hidden if they do not belong to the selected feature set the developer has selected as relevant for a task. For example  , in CIDE 22  , developers can create views on a specific feature selection  , hiding irrelevant files and irrelevant code fragments inside files  , with standard code-folding techniques at the IDE level. Quick navigation of traditional search engine results lets users overcome the inaccuracies inherent in automated search because user's can quickly check the links and choose those that match. Folding such displays lets users more quickly navigate such structure  , which is particularly useful for large hierarchies. Note that search engine operations such as stemming and case-folding may preclude highlighting by re-scanning the retrieved documents for the search terms. Search terms can easily be highlighted in found documents if they are presented using the internal representation; otherwise some word-by-word positional mapping back to the original may be needed. Indeed  , it can he argued that the PRM framework was instrumental in this broadening of the range of applicability of motion planning  , as many of these prohlems had never before heen considered candidates for automatic methods. CAD e.g. , maintainability 16  , 111  , deformable objects 2  , 5  , HI  , and even computational Biology and Chemistry e.g. , ligand docking 7  , 221  , protein folding 3 ,23  , 241. Future work will attempt to quantify and maximize the capabilities of this technique  , in particular by testing new materials. Once the hinges are capable of lifting the weight of the body  , a self-folding robot could transform from a planar structure to a fully operational machine without human intervention. However  , when positional information is added the inverted file entries for common words become dramatically larger. After the folding  , path T becomes undirected  , hence any of the remaining paths forms a cycle with END Note that in the case when two nodes are connected by more than one path  , it is sufficient to fold only one of them  , say path T   , for transforming the whole subgraph into a chained component. In a poker game  , bluff strategy is usually dependent on the card hand strength. Although it is currently only used in a remote controlled manner  , an IDF division commander is quoted as saying " At least in the initial phases of deployment  , we're going to have to keep a man in the loop "   , implying the potential for more autonomous operations in the future. This system  , presented in detail in 9  , uses a two-jaw gripper with forceltorque sensing for handling flat textile material. Limitations of this system are as follows: i Edge pick up results in fabric distortion during pick up  , ii Errors may result due to unpredictable behavior of material due to ambient and material dynamics  , and  , iii The weight of material and its stiffness and friction values play an important role in defining the trajectory during 'laying by dragging' and folding operations. Among the perspective-taking tests are the Perspective-Taking Ability PTA Test  , a computer-based test developed from the work described in 10  , and the Purdue Spatial Visualizations test: Visualization of Views PSVV  , a paper-and pencil test found in 8. Instead of folding the known answer into the query in cases like this  , we allow the question answering system's regular procedure to generate a set of candidate answers first  , and check them to be within some experimentally determined range of the answer the knowledge source provides. In addition to having to find a number in the vicinity of " 1 million square miles "   , we also need to account for the fact that the passage may talk about square kilometers  , or acres. In particular  , obtaining the desired cloth configuration is a key element to the success of this task. In this simulation  , the size of the cloth is 0.4 m × 0.4 m. Since the number of joints m  , n of the multi-link model is 20  , 20  , the link distance l is 0.02 m. In order to achieve dynamic folding of the cloth  , motion planning of the robot system is extremely important. 6 Similarly to the concerns raised in the context of external rewards and incentivisation 18  , gamification has been seen  , in some context  , to undermine intrinsic benefits by subjugating and trivialising contributions into simple game goals and achievements. Many projects have already demonstrated substantial success in applying this idea to crowdsourcing settings; this applies most prominently for games-with-a purpose GWAPs 27  , which build a game narrative around human computation tasks such as image labeling 26  , protein folding  , 5 or language translation. Thus  , the key elements are terms w taken from a vocabulary V R of observed words in the literal values of RDF statements in R. To obtain realistic indices we apply common techniques from the field of Information Retrieval  , such as case folding and stemming. Index structures in this context hardly use a full literal as key elements for indexing  , but rather apply term based relevance scores and retrieval methods. Figure 9shows the tape edge roughness for both the left and right sides of the tape  , indicating that the roughness on each side of the tape are generally similar to one another  , though in some cases the left side underneath the cutter is much rougher than the corresponding right side. As queries we assume single term queries  , which form the basis for more complex and combined queries in a typical Information Retrieval setting. Owing to its simple structure  , the diameter is successfully reduced to 10 mm  , which is sufficiently small for laparoscopic surgery. A camera is positioned above the table with its visual axis forming an angle of 30° with the vertical  , in a way that the target edge appears at the lower edge of the acquired image. Second  , in PRM applications  , it is usually considered sufficient to find any feasible path connecting the start and goal. This work investigates the effect of the following techniques in reducing HTML document size  , both individually and in combination:  general tidying-up of document  , removal of proprietary tags  , folding of whitespace; Because the HTML under consideration is automatically generated and fits the DTD  , the parser need not be able to handle incorrect HTML; it can be much less robust than the parsers used by web browsers. It implements a well-defined control structure for the control of the gripper. Ultimately we used 92 bilingual aspects from 33 topics  , including 3 Chinese aspects that could only be used as training data for English aspect classification because each of them had only 4 segments. More generally  , the models provide insight regarding the effects of various design parameters on jump gliding performance -for example  , to explore the merits of a more complex wing folding mechanism that reduces drag at the expense of greater weight  , or to evaluate the improvement possible with a reduced body area. In addition  , in all phases of the maneuver  , the aircraft can benefit from the increased controllability offered by its wings without suffering significantly from increased drag. On this occasion we are interested in the author Schön  , Donald A. and—due to the nature of the errors that occur—this time we will need to combine a sequence of name folding Figure 6shows the sequence of transforms the user makes  , with Fig- ure 6ashowing the initial names produced by I-Share. We illustrate our second example within I-Share  , Illinois' statewide integrated academic and research library system. Typical full-text indexing e.g. , as provided by Solr 2  analyzes the contents of each text page performing lexical transforms such as case folding  , stop-word removal and stemming and creates for each term an index entry with references to the pages on which the term appears see Figure 1   , top. 3 For simplicity  , we abstract from the precise locations in which the terms appear on each page. For the same mass  , we could use either a 30pm thick cantilever   , 1 mm wide  , with cross-sectional moment of Figure 6  , the 4 bar mechanism including box beam links and flexural joints can be fabricated by folding a sheet of photo-etched or laser cut stainless steel. Consider the links of the 4 bar&structure shown in Figure 5  , with a mass of 0.24 mg/mm length. In the robot conditi phic robot EDDIE  , LSR  , TU München were presen robot face developed to express emotions and thus atures relevant for emotional expressiveness big ey with additional animal-like characteristics folding omb on top of its head as well as lizard-like ears on es  , these features were not used: the robot had an invaria he comb and ears folded almost not visible. n  , the face of the same female individual was presen ed Emotional Faces database 25. The output tree from the second phase is passed to the constant folding phase which replaces all identifiers and expressions that can be guaranteed to contain constant values with those values. This tree is then passed to the second phase which performs dead code removal of statements that can be proven unreachable or are never used in a computation affecting the output of the source program being optimized. The sensing structure consisted of  , from top to bottom  , an SMP layer  , a heating circuit layer  , two layers of paper  , and a sensing copper-clad polyimide layer which contained the loop where voltage was measured Fig. Robots must be small to fit in operating rooms which are packed with  , various precision machines; there is no small  , light surgery robot system that can rival our system. Some major robotics motivations for the study of the path planning problem are the paramount importance of efficient motion planners in the realization of highly autonomous robots and in the applications of robots in manufacturing  , space exploration and environment hazard cleaningup. The rst two factors have been selected as the ones with the highest probablity to generate the word ight"  , the last two factors have the highest probability to generate the word love". We h a ve performed Figure 2: Folding in a query conisting of the terms aid"  , food"  , medical"  , people"  , UN"  , and war": evolution of posterior probabilities and the mixing proportions P zjq rightmost column in each bar plot for the four factors depicted in Table 2Table 1shows a reduced representation of 4 factors from a 128 factor solu- tion. Indeed  , it can be argued that the P R M framework was instrumental in this broadening of the range of applicability of motion planning  , as many of these problems had never before been considered candidates for automatic methods. These successes sparked a flurry of activity in which P R M motion planning techniques were applied to a number of challenging problems arising in a variety of fields including robotics e.g. , closed-chain  11  , 16  , CAD e.g. , maintainability 3  , 81   , deformable ob- jects 2  , 13   , and even computational Biology and Chemistry e.g. , ligand docking 4  , 181  , protein folding 19 ,20. The s ,pecification of the optimizer example includes the definition of two tree types: initial representing the abstract syntax of the source language with no embedded attributes on any abstract syntax tree node  , and live representing the abstract syntax of the source language with live on exit facts embedded in do state- ments. Animation also ensures that the current state of the entity is being mapped  , which is an essential property for software evolution. Modern maps provide magnified inse$ zooming to show needed detail in small  , critical regions  , thus allowing the main map to be rendered at a smaller scale; they provide indexes of special entities e.g. , roads  , parks  , schools to permit locating them by alphabetic search rather than scanning the entire map; they are creased to permit folding to fit in a small space  , while at the same time allowing two far-away locations to be placed next to each other; they can be marked  , annotated  , and stuck with pins to record long  , complex routes and mark one's current location on that route; and the color scheme can be " dimmed " on parts of the map to indicate they imated maps allow the map user to dynamically choose what is zoomed and how much  , what is dimmed  , and what features are displayed on the map  , permitting a higher level of customization than informal actions like folding and marking. Maps have evolved over time to address scale issues  141. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2 reviews the existing stateof-the-art technology in limp material handling. The overall system's capabilities 6  , 7 1 may be summarized as follows: i ability to 'pick and place " single and multiple limp material panels without causing damage  , distortion  , deformation or folding of the material  , ii a b i l i to operate with a reliability of 2 99%  , iii ability to perform material manipulation at a rate of 2 12 paneldminute as required by the industry' with a maximum manipulation rate of about 22 panels per minute  , iv abilii to handle the entire stack or a desired number of panels in a stack of material  , and  , v abillty to handle a wide variety of limp materials such as fabric  , leather  , sheet metals etc. , without having to change the physical configuration of the system. This hierarchical agglomerative step begins with leaf clusters  , and has complexity quadratic in . Thus the extra space required for the agglomerative step is Og # r . Locality-based methods group objects based on local relationships. Hierarchical procedures can be either agglomerative or divisive . These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. The resulting groups are then used to define the memberships of modules. They can be run in batch or interactively  , and can use a pre-existing modularization to reduce the amount of human interaction needed. To test this hypothesis  , we decided to use agglomerative cluster- ing 5 to construct a hierarchy of tags. We wanted to determine whether it was possible to automatically induce a hierarchical tag structure that corresponded to the way in which a human would perform this task. However  , this optimization can lead to starvation of certain types of transactions. The carry-over optimization can yield substantial reductionq in the number of lock requests per transaction . The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with single-point contact. Active constraints prevent µ max from being further increased by the optimization. to increase efficiency or the field's yield  , in economic or environmental terms. These data should be used for optimization  , i.e. The optimization problem presented in Section II is strongly limited by local mimima see Section IV-B for examples. Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. It combines a global combinatorial optimization in the position space with a local dynamic optimization to yield the global optimal path. The search for the optimal path follows the method presented in lo. For some scenarios  , our strategies yield provably optimal plans; for others the strategies are heuristic ones. We present optimization strategies for various scenarios of interest. Otherwise  , the resulting plans may yield erroneous results. Furthermore  , many semantic optimization techniques can only be applied if the declarative constraints are enforced. A notification protocol waq designed to handle this case. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with two-point contact. These parts tend to be shorter. Why this popular approach does not often yield the least deviation is explained by example. Section 2 addresses the drawback of the least-square optimization. The optimization yields the optimal path and exploits the available kinematic and actuator redundancy to yield optimal joint trajectories and actuator forces/torques. A finite-difference method is used to solve the boundary value problem. Other  , more sophisticated IBT approaches using the maximum subsequence optimization may still yield improvement  , but we leave this as future work. by assigning a high score to a token outside the article text. In this paper  , only triangular membership functions are coded for optimization. In this representation   , even though  , the GA might come up with two fit individuals with two competing conventions  , the genetic operators such aa crossover  , will not yield fitter individuals. Since this type of predictions involve larger temporal horizons and needs to use both the controller organization and modalities  , it may yield larger errors. The second group events e2 and e5 is related with the detection of maneuver optimization events. In 5 some numeric values for the components of the joint axis vectors and distance vectors to the manipulator tip were found  , for whiclr the Jacobian matrices have condition numbers of 1. Both optimization techniques yield very awkward designs. However  , they become computationally expensive for large manufacturing lines i.e. , when N is large. The recursive optimization techniques  , when applied to small manufacturing lines  , yield the solution with reasonable computational effort. ii it discards immediately irrelevant tuples. Then we use: The same optimization except for the absorption of new would yield a structuring scheme which creates objects only for lm aliases. semantic integrity constraints and functional dependencies  , for optimization. Experimental results are presented in section 4 conclusions are drawn in section 5. Many optimization methods were also developed for group elevator scheduling. In general  , heuristic rules are not designed to optimize the performance  , and thus cannot consistently yield good scheduling results for various the traffic profiles. Reusing existing GROUP BY optimization logic can yield an efficient PIVOT implementation without significant changes to existing code. In addition to implementation simplicity  , viewing PIVOT as GROUP BY also yields many interesting optimizations that already apply to GROUP BY. As a consequence  , for a given problem the rule-based optimization always yield to the same set of solutions. Deterministic methods exploit heuristics which consider the component characteristics to configure the system structure 35. In our case online position estimates of the mapping car can be refined by offline optimization methods Thrun and Montemerlo  , 2005 to yield position accuracy below 0.15 m  , or with a similar accuracy onboard the car by localizing with a map constructed from the offline optimization. The accuracy of the traffic light map is coupled to the accuracy of the position estimates of the mapping car. 2 Performance stability: Caret-optimized classifiers are at least as stable as classifiers that are trained using the default settings. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantially benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. Finally  , we would like to emphasize that we do not seek to claim the generalization of our results. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantial benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. We would also like to thank Isaac Balbin for his comments on previous drafts of this paper. The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. Methods for resolving lixal redundancy determine joint trajectories from the instantaneous motion needed to follow a desired end-effector path. Some of them suppose a particular geometry planar or with three intersecting axes  , others a fixed kinematic joint type or general mobilities  or even no constraints in the optimization no obstacle avoidance for instance. Previous works based on this approach yield to interesting results but under restrictions on the manip ulator kinematics. The primary advantage over the implicit integration method of Anitescu and Potra is the lower running time that such alternative methods can yield  , as the results in Table Ican testify. The Moby simulation library uses the introduced approach to simulate resting contact for Newton  , Mirtich  , Anitescu- Potra  , and convex optimization based impact models among others. The method is based on looking at the kinematic parameters of a manipulator as the variables in the problem  , and using methods of constrained optimization to yield a solution. This paper has presented a binary paradigm in robotics and has developed one method for solving the problem of optimal design for pick-and-place tasks. This method consists of a hierarchical search for the best path in a tessellated space  , which is used as the initial conditions for a local path optimization to yield the global optimal path. V. CONCLUSIONS A method that obtains practically the global optimal motion for a manipulator  , considering its dynamics  , actuator constraints  , joint limits  , and obstacles  , has been presented in this paper. However  , this requires that the environment appropriately associate branch counts and other information with the source or that all experiments that yield that information be redone each time the source changes. Today's compilers are quite sophisticated and are capable of using performance information to improve optimization. Further research into query optimization techniques for Ad-Hoc search would be fruitful: this would also require an investigation into the trade offs with respect to effectiveness and efficiency found with such techniques. We need to investigate why longer Ad-Hoc queries in our system do not yield good retrieval effectiveness results. While this method works for relatively low degree-of-freedom manipulators  , there is a 'cross over' point beyond which the problem becomes overdetermined   , and an exact solution cannot be guaranteed. These benefits include verification of architectural constraints on component compositions  , and increased opporttmities for optimization between components. While this approach is not applicable to all software architectures  , it can yield benefits when applied to static systems  , and to static aspects of dynamic systems. In addition  , applications that use these services do not have the ability to pick and choose optional features  , though new optimization techniques may remove unused code from the application after the fact 35. These optional features can then be composed to yield a great variety of customized types for use in applications. Moreover  , a fixed point for each motion primitive By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. To conclude with the above example  , suppose that we want to obtain the objects and not only the Definition attribute e.g. , to edit them. This is an important optimization since indeed the volumes in each time interval yield a sparse vector. Since an entity is not necessarily active at each time interval in the series it is possible to optimize Equation 2 such that T Si+1e will be dependent solely on the values of T Sje j ≤ i for which cje = 0. They are more suitable for real-time control in a sensor-based control environment. In order to verify that the optimization results do indeed yield a gear box mechanism that produces in-phase flapping that is maintained even during asymmetric wing motion  , a kinematic evaluation was conducted by computational simulation and verified by experiment. Delrin and ABS plastics were used to fabricate the frame and links. Now  , the optimization problem reduces to estimating the coefficients by maximizing the log-posterior which is the sum of the log-likelihood Eq. In all our experiments  , we fix σ 2 = 9; experiments with several other values in the range of 3 to 20 did not yield much difference. It eliminates the main weakness of the NRSU-transformation: it works even when input arguments are variables  , not constants   , and hence it can be applied to far more calls in deductive database programs. Subsequent optimization steps then work on smaller subsets of the data Below  , we briefly discuss the CGLS and Line search procedures. This also allows additional heuristics to be developed such as terminating CGLS early when working with a crude starting guess like 0  , and allowing the following line search step to yield a point where the index set jw is small. The final results show Q2 being used for root-finding instead of optimization. It needed 76 evaluations  , but the chosen optimum had a yield below 10 units: worse than all the other methods  , indicating that the assumption of a global quadratic is inadequate in this domain. By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. Due to space constraints  , we refer the reader to 12 for further details. The multitask case was thought to be more demanding because more obstacles and paths must be accommodated using the same  , limited parameter space that was used individual task optimization  , meaning that the number of well fit solutions should decrease markedly. In this vein  , optimizing over this group of tasks concurrently should yield another unique  , optimal morphology. Since optimization of queries is expensive   , it is appropriate that we eliminate queries that are not promising  , i.e. , not likely to yield an optimal plan. Pruuiug the set of Equivalent Queries: The set  , of rquivalent queries that are generated by gen-closure are considered by the cost-based optimizer to pick t ,he optimal plan. The following table lists all combinations of metric and distance-combining function and indicates whether a precomputational scheme is available ++  , or  , alternatively   , whether early abort of distance combination is expected to yield significant cost reduction +: distance-combining func But IO-costs dominate with such queries  , and the effect of the optimization is limited. However  , to increase opportunities for optimization   , all AQ i are combined into one audit query AQ whose output is a set of query identifiers corresponding to those AQ i that yield non-empty results. If we were to execute these AQ i queries  , those with non-empty results will comprise the exact set of suspicious queries. In contrast  , last criterion   , which is typical of schemes generally seen in the robotics literature  , yields analytical expressions for the trajectory and locally-optimal solutions for joint rates and actuator forces. To overcome this problem  , we run the optimization for a given target trajectory for 100 times  , using different initial guesses for the starting parameters  , chosen with the following procedure: a robot configuration θ is defined randomly  , within the range of allowed values; a trajectory is determined as a straight line between the given initial and the randomly defined configuration  , by algebraic computations of the B-spline parameters; these latter parameters are taken as initial guess. Autonomic computing is a grand challenge  , requiring advances in several fields of science and technology  , particularly systems  , software architecture and engineering  , human-system interfaces  , policy  , modeling  , optimization  , and many branches of artificial intelligence such as planning  , learning  , knowledge representation and reasoning  , multiagent systems  , negotiation  , and emergent behavior. Realizing the vision of autonomic computing is necessarily a worldwide cooperative enterprise  , one that will yield great societal rewards in the near-term  , medium-term and long-term. Our results lead us to conclude that parameter settings can indeed have a large impact on the performance of defect prediction models  , suggesting that researchers should experiment with the parameters of the classification techniques . The rationale of using M codebooks instead of single codebook to approximate each input datum is to further minimize quantization error  , as the latter is shown to yield significantly lossy compression and incur evident performance drop 30  , 3. As the binary constraints are directly imposed to the learning objective and are valid throughout the optimization procedure  , the derived binary codes are much more accurate than sign thresholding binary codes. It is no surprise that the speedup of PRIX over due to the use of a full index  , ToXinSca dups depe the query. the necessary hard constraints have been applied to yield a feasible solution space defined on the PCM  , any path on the PCM  , from the point corresponding to the initial position of the robot to a point on the T G S   , will give rise to a valid solution for the interception problem. T h e P C M framework has the advantage that it allows a variety of optimization criteria t o be expressed in a unified manner so that the optimal sensorbased plan can be generated for interception. will not yield an autonomic computing system unless the elements share a set of common behaviors  , interfaces and interaction patterns that are demonstrably capable of engendering system-level selfmanagement . This work explores and validates the architecture by means of an autonomic data center prototype called Unity that employs three design patterns: a selfconfiguration design pattern for goal-driven self assembly  , a selfhealing design pattern that employs sentinels and a simple cluster re-generation strategy  , and a self-optimization design pattern that uses utility functions to express high-level objectives. while the one based on the second strategy is  The first function counts  , for all entries considered as possible duplicates  , the ones that are indeed duplicates. The two functions will be used to evaluate both our GPbased approach and the baseline method in our experiments. BSBM supposes a realistic web application where the users can browse products and reviews. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM is built like that 5. BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates. We randomly generated 100 different query mix of the " explore " use-case of BSBM. We used Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 5 as in 16 with two datasets: 1M and 10M. Each dataset has its own community of 50 clients running BSBM queries. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. On the BSBM dataset  , the performance of all systems is comparable for small dataset sizes  , but RW-TR scales better to large dataset sizes  , for the largest BSBM dataset it is on average up to 10 times faster than Sesame and up to 25 times faster than Virtuoso. The two diagrams in Figure 5show how the performance changes  , when the LUBM and BSBM queries are executed on increasingly large datasets. This behavior promotes the local cache. The flow of BSBM queries simulates a real user interacting with a web application. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. Datasets. We extend the BSBM by trust assessments. The generated data is created as a set of named graphs 11. The BSBM executes a mix of 12 SPARQL queries over generated sets of RDF data; the datasets are scalable to different sizes based on a scaling factor. For our tests we use an extended version of the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 10. The queries are in line with the BSBM mix of SPARQL queries and with the BSBM e-commerce use case that considers products as well as offers and reviews for these products. Furthermore   , we developed a mix of six tSPARQL queries. Due to space limitations   , we do not present our queries in detail; we refer the reader to the tSPARQL specification instead. The sp2b uses bibliographic data from dblp 12 as its test data set  , while the bsbm benchmark considers eCommerce as its subject area. The sp2b sparql performance benchmark 17  and the Berlin sparql Benchmark bsbm 3 both aim to test the sparql query engines of rdf triple stores. This is normal because the cache has a limited size and the temporal locality of the cache reduce its utility. As we can see  , the calls to the local cache depends considerably on the size of the data  , the percentage of hit-rate is 47 % in the case of BSBM with 1M  , and it decreased to 11 % for BSBM with 10M. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. However  , for BSBM dataset  , DFSS outperforms ITRMS for both scalability experiments see Figure 4c and Figure 5a. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. Out of the 12 BSBM queries  , we focus on all of the 10 SELECT queries that is  , we leave out DESCRIBE query Q09 and CONSTRUCT query Q12. 5 BSBM is currently focused on SPARQL queries  , therefore we plan to develop a set of representative SPARQL/Update operations to cover all features of our approach. Furthermore  , we will evaluate the performance and expressiveness of our approach with the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM. We found that for the BSBM dataset/queries the average execution time stays approximately the same  , while the geometric mean slightly increases. garbage collections. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark 17 BSBM also generates fulltext content and person names. In the area of RDF stores  , a number of benchmarks are available. Figure 6 shows the results of these evaluations. For this  , we measured the performance on large BSBM and LUBM data sets while varying the number of nodes used. For more details of the evaluation framework please refer to 15 ,16. We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 2 to set up the experiment environment. Therefore  , 5 entries in the profile is sometimes not enough to compute a good similarity. The query mix of BSBM use often 16 predicates. The experimental results in Table 5show that exploiting the emergent relational schema even in this very preliminary implementation already improves the performance of Virtuoso on a number of BSBM Explore queries by up to a factor of 5.8 Q3  , Hot run. We compare a classic Virtuoso RDF quad table Virt-Quad and this CS-based implementation Virt-CS on the BSBM benchmark at 10 billion triples scale. The geometric mean does not change dramatically  , because most queries do not touch more data on a larger dataset. Finally  , we present our conclusions and future work in Section 5. In Section 4 we describe our evaluation using the BSBM synthetic benchmark  , and three positive experiences of applying our approach in real case projects. We also take into account that resources of BSBM data fall into different classes. For a given resource  , we use this generator to decide the number of owl:sameAs statements that link this resource with other randomly chosen resources. We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator  , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. In the following sections we will provide details of LHD-d  , and evaluate it afterwards in the above environment. Our extension  , available from the project website  , reads the named graphs-based datasets  , generates a consumer-specific trust value for each named graph  , and creates an assessments graph. Figure 6shows the distribution of queries over clients. As in the previous experimentation  , we run a new experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M hosted on the same LDF server with 2 different URLs. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. BSBM SQL 5 is a join of four tables product  , product   , productfeatureproduct  , and productfeatureproduct . For the LUBM dataset/queries the geometric mean stays approximately the same  , whilst the average execution time decreases. In this section we further study the distribution of co-reference in Linked Data to set up an environment in which LHD-d is evaluated. We generate co-reference for each class separately to make sure that resources are only equivalent to those of the same class. In Section 3 we formalise our extension to consider R2RML mappings. Figure 4bshows that the number of calls answered by caches are proportional with the size of the cache. We used the following parameters: BSBM 10M  , 10 LDF clients  , and RP S view = 4 and CON view = 9. Query Load. Two set of queries are used to perform two tasks: building a type summary and calculating some bibliometrics-based summary. We experimented with BSBM 4 and SP2B 29 datasets  , varying the sizes of data.  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. However  , in some queries the translation results show significant differences  , such as in Q04 and Q05. As we can see  , ≈40 % of calls are handled by the local cache  , regardless the number of clients. The SP 2 Bench and BSBM were not considered for our RDF fulltext benchmark simply due to the fact of their very recent publication. Both benchmarks pick terms from dictionaries with uniform distribution. The BSBM benchmark 1 is built around an e-commerce use case  , and its data generator supports the creation of arbitrarily large datasets using the number of products as scale factor. courses  , students  , professors are generated. Although not included here  , we also evaluated those queries using D2R 0.8.1 with the –fast option enabled. The measured total time for a run includes everything from query optimization until the result set is fully traversed  , but the decoding of the results is not forced. For BSBM we executed the same ten generated queries from each category  , computed the category average and reported the average and geometric mean over all categories. During query execution the engine determines trust values with the simple  , provenance-based trust function introduced before. To measure how determining trust values may impact query execution times we use our tSPARQL query engine with a disabled trust value cache to execute the extended BSBM. Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. Additionally  , a subset of the realworld data collection Biocyc 1 that consists of 1763 databases describing the genome and metabolic pathways of a single organism was used. Most surprisingly  , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90% regular. We see that synthetic RDF benchmark data BSBM  , SP2B  , LUBM is fully relational  , and also all dataset with non- RDF roots PubMed  , MusicBrainz  , EuroStat get > 99% coverage. For this setting  , the chart in Figure 9b depicts the average times to execute the BSBM query mix; furthermore  , the chart puts the measures in relation to the times obtained for our engine with a trust value cache in the previous experiment. The situation changes for a local cache with 10 ,000 entries  , in this case  , the hit-rate of local cache is 59 % and 28 % for behavioral cache  , only 13 % of calls are forwarded to the server. The BSBM SPARQL queries are designed in such a way that they contain different types of queries and operators  , including SELECT/CONTRUCT/DESCRIBE  , OPTIONAL  , UNION. We have run all queries with 20 times with different parameters  , in warm mode run. The resulting sets of queries together with query plans generated by PostgreSQL9.1.9  , and the resulting query evaluation time are available at http://bit.ly/15XSdDM. To understand this behaviour better  , we analyzed the query plans generated by the RDBMS. We can observe that all translation types native  , C  , SQE  , SJE  , SQE+SJE have similar performance in most of BSBM queries  , ranging from 0.67 to 2.60 when normalized  ing to the native SQL queries. We executed ten runs of each LUBM query and in the diagrams report both the average and geometric mean over the fastest runs. The Social Intelligence BenchMark SIB 11  is an RDF benchmark that introduces the S3G2 Scalable Structure-correlated Social Graph Generator for generating social graphs that contain certain structural correlations. In the same spirit  , the corresponding SQL queries also consider various properties such as low selectivity  , high selectivity  , inner join  , left outer join  , and union among many others. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. To measure the impact of this extension on query execution times we compare the results of executing our extended version of the BSBM with ARQ and with our tSPARQL query engine. As presented in Section 4.2 tSPARQL redefines the algebra of SPARQL in order to consider trust values during query execution. As the chart illustrates  , determing trust values during query execution dominates the query execution time. The data generator is able to generate datasets with different sizes containing entities normally involved in the domain e.g. , products  , vendors  , offers  , reviews  , etc. The BSBM benchmark 5  focuses on the e-commerce domain and provides a data generation tool and a set of twelve SPARQL queries together with their corresponding SQL queries generated by hand. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. Both benchmarks allow for the creation of arbitrary sized data sets  , although the number of attributes for any given class is lower than the numbers found in the ssa. While the BSBM benchmark is considered as a standard way of evaluating RDB2RDF approaches  , given the fact that it is very comprehensive  , we were also interested in analysing real-world queries from projects that we had access to  , and where there were issues with respect to the performance of the SPARQL to SQL query rewriting approach. All the resulting queries together with their query plans are also available at http://bit.ly/15XSdDM. Nevertheless  , this approach is clearly not scalable e.g. , in Q07 and Q08 the system returned an error while performing the operations  , while the native and the translation queries could be evaluated over the database system. In all the cases  , we compare the queries generated by D2R Server with –fast enabled with the queries generated by Morph with subquery and self-join elimination enabled. There are two possibilities to model them in BMEcat  , though. , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. The current release is BMEcat 2005 12  , a largely downwards-compatible update of BMEcat 1.2. BMEcat is a powerful XML standard for the exchange of electronic product catalogs between suppliers and purchasing companies in B2B settings. In the following  , we outline correspondences between elements of BMEcat and GoodRelations and propose a mapping between the BMEcat XML format and the GoodRelations vocabulary. eClassOWL 6. BMEcat. This is attractive  , because most PIM software applications can export content to BMEcat. We describe a conceptual mapping and the implementation of a respective software tool for automatically converting BMEcat documents into RDF data based on the GoodRelations vocabulary 9. Either the BMEcat supplier defines two separate features  , or the range values are encoded in the FVALUE element of the feature. Table 4outlines the mapping of catalog groups in BMEcat to RDF. the catalog group taxonomy. For example most of the mentioned factors are implemented in the BMEcat standard 10. The currency results from Geographical Pricing. Given their inherent overlap  , a mapping between the models is reasonable with some exceptions that require special attention. Speaking of the allow-or-charge area  , the quantity scale defined in BMEcat is divided into the actual quantity scale and the functional discount that has to be applied  , too. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. Then we compare the product models obtained from one of the BMEcat catalogs with products collected from Web shops through a focused Web crawl. We tested the two BMEcat conversions using standard validators for the Semantic Web  , presented in Section 3.1. We chose to check for the number of shops offering products using a sample size of 90 random product EANs from BSH BMEcat. To remain in the scope of the use cases discussed  , the examples are chosen from the BSH BMEcat products catalog  , within the German e-commerce marketplace. The most notable improvements over previous versions are the support of external catalogs and multiple languages  , and the consistent renaming of the ambiguous term ARTICLE to PRODUCT. In this paper  , we propose to use the BMEcat XML standard as the starting point to make highly structured product feature data available on the Web of Data. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. The task consists of transforming the price-relevant information of a BMEcat catalog to xCBL. We will now introduce an example and concretize the mapping strategy. Table 2shows the BMEcat-2005-compliant mapping for product-specific details. the center of the proposed alignments are product details and product-related business details. Table 2adds an additional level of detail to the PRODUCT → PRODUCT DETAILS structure introduced in Fig. Furthermore  , multilanguage descriptions in BMEcat are handled properly  , namely by assigning corresponding language tags to RDF literals. gr:condition and references to external product classification standards.   , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. This approach  , however  , works only for common encoding patterns for range values in text. The data element ARTICLE_PRICE_DETAILS can be used multiple with disjunctive intervals. BMEcat and OAGIS to the minimum models of cXML and RosettaNet is not possible. For example  , a loss-free mapping of extensive price models e.g. A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. The price factor of 0.95 of BMEcat is transferred to a discount by the formula PercentageFactor=PRICE_FACTOR -1. With our approach  , a single tool can nicely bring the wealth of data from established B2B environments to the Web of Data. BMEcat allows to specify products using vendor-specific catalog groups and features  , or to refer to classification systems with externally defined categories and features. The distinction will be addressed in more detail in Section 2.3. The mapping of product classes and features is shown in Table 3. The hierarchy is determined by the group identifier of the catalog structure that refers to the identifier of its parent group. In order to link catalog groups and products  , BMEcat maps group identifiers with product identifiers using PROD- UCT TO CATALOGGROUP MAP. they are defined as instances rdf:type of classes derived from the catalog group hierarchy. In reality  , though  , it is common that suppliers of BMEcat catalogs export the unit of measurement codes as they are found in their PIM systems. recommend to use UN/ CEFACT 14 common codes to describe units of measurement. This allowed us to validate the BMEcat converter comprehensively. The products in the BSH catalog were classified according to eCl@ss 6.1  , whereas Weidmüller provide their own proprietary catalog group system. Making more difficult is that today mainly low-level languages like XSLT and interactive tools e.g. An illustrative example of a catalog and its respective conversion is available online 7 . Accordingly  , products in GoodRelations are assigned corresponding classes from the catalog group system  , i.e. The dataset has a slight bias towards long-tail shops. In addition to the manufacturer BMEcat files  , we took a real dataset obtained from a focused crawl whereby we collected product data from 2629 shops. Although the conversions completed without errors  , still a few issues could be detected in each dataset that we will cover subsequently. The converter has built-in check steps that detect common irregularities in the BMEcat data  , such as wrong unit codes or invalid feature values. 4 GoodRelations-specific compliance tests 14 to spot data model inconsistencies. requiring a minimum of 90 samples given the population of 1376 products in the BMEcat. The sample size was selected based on a 95% confidence level and 10% confidence interval margin of error  , i.e. First it is to be stated that from the view of price modeling BMEcat catalogs have a three-stage document structure: 1 The document header HEADER can be used for setting defaults for currency and territory  , naming the buyer and giving references to relevant In the example header we set the default currency  , name the buyer and refer to an underlying agreement with a temporal validity: If we look at the transformations  , we see different transformation types. Additionally   , we identified examples that illustrate the problem scenario described relying on structured data collected from 2500+ online shops together with their product offerings. To test our proposal  , we converted a representative real-world BMEcat catalog of two well-known manufacturers and analyzed whether the results validate as correct RDF/XML datasets grounded in the GoodRelations ontology. On the other side  , BMEcat does not explicitly discriminate types of features  , so features FEA- TURE  typically consist of FNAME  , FVALUE and  , optionally  , an FUNIT element. The GoodRelations vocabulary further refines the categorization made by OWL by discerning qualitative and quantitative object properties. In this section  , we elaborate on a complementary example that uses structured data on the Web of Data. For example  , in BMEcat the prices of a product are valid for different territories and intervals  , in different types and currencies  , but all prices relate to the same customer no multi-buyer catalogs. A plus  " + "  indicates that the corresponding factor can be set multiple for each product. target formats can be executed loss-free; however  , this cannot be said in general for the transformation of a source to a target format. The first option defines a feature for the lower range value and a feature for the upper range value  , respectively. BMEcat2GoodRelations is a portable command line Python application to facilitate the conversion of BMEcat XML files into their corresponding RDF representation anchored in the GoodRelations ontology for e-commerce. The implementation of the logic behind the alignments to be presented herein resulted into the BMEcat2GoodRelations tool. Finally  , we show the potential leverage of product master data from manufacturers with regard to products offered on the Web. This ready-to-use solution comes as a portable command line tool that converts product master data from BMEcat XML files into their corresponding OWL representation using GoodRelations. As a partial solution to mitigate the shortage of missing product master data in the context of e-commerce on the Web of Data  , we propose the BME- cat2GoodRelations converter. To date  , product master data is typically passed along the value chain using Business to Business B2B channels based on Electronic Data Interchange EDI standards such as BMEcat catalog from the German Federal Association for Materials Management  , Purchasing and Logistics 3  12. It can be seen that the product data provided across the different sources vary significantly. In the case of Weidmüller  , the conversion result is available online 11 . We tested our conversion using BMEcat files from two manufacturers  , one in the domain of high-tech electronic components Weidmüller Interface GmbH und Co. KG 9   , the other one a supplier of white goods BSH Bosch und Siemens Hausgeräte GmbH 10 . The number of product models in the BSH was 1376 with an average count of 29 properties  ,  while the Weidmüller BMEcat consisted of 32585 product models with 47 properties on average created by our converter. We collected all the data in an SPARQL-capable RDF store and extrapolated some statistics to substantiate the potential of our approach. By contrast  , the nearly 2.7 million product instances from the crawl only contain eleven properties on average. To compare the price models of the selected standard  , we show the six determining factors in table 3. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. to represent a navigation structure in a Web shop. Each online merchant can then use this rich manufacturer information to augment and personalize their own offering of the product in question. Furthermore  , the mapping at product level allows to specify the manufacturer part number  , product name and description  , and condition of the product. Whether the European Article Number EAN or the Global Trade Item Number GTIN is mapped depends on the type-attribute supplied with the BMEcat element. Depending on the language attribute supplied along with the DESCRIPTION SHORT and DESCRIPTION LONG elements in BMEcat 2005  , multiple translations of product name and description can be lang={en  , de  , . Instead of adhering to the standard 3-letter code  , they often provide different representations of unit symbols  , e.g. In this section  , we present some specific examples of the number of online retailers that could readily benefit from leveraging our approach. Using the sample of EANs  , we then looked up the number of vendors that offer the products by entering the EAN in the search boxes on Amazon.de  , Google Shopping Germany  , and the German comparison shopping site preissuchmaschine.de 16 . For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers  , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. The upper part lists the numbers for the product categorization standards  , whereas the lower three rows of the table represent the proprietary category systems . Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels  , product classes  , properties  , value instances  , and top-level classes for each product ontology. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. The product identifier can be mapped in two different ways  , at product level or at product details level  , whereby the second takes precedence over the other. The presence of the FUNIT element helps to distinguish quantitative properties from datatype and qualitative properties  , because quantitative values are determined by numeric values and units of measurements  , e.g. All interested merchants have then the possibility of electronically publishing and consuming this authoritative manufacturer data to enhance their product offerings relying on widely adopted product strong identifiers such as EAN  , GTIN  , or MPN. Due to the limited length of this paper   , we refer readers to the project landing page hosting the open source code repository 8   , where they can find a detailed overview of all the features of the converter  , including a comprehensive user's guide. Our proposal can manifest at Web scale and is suitable for every PIM system or catalog management software that can create BMEcat XML product data  , which holds for about 82% of all of such software systems that we are aware of  , as surveyed in 17. The rise of B2B e-commerce revealed a series of new information management challenges in the area of product data integration 5 ,13. In that sense  , BMEcat2GoodRelations is to the best of our knowledge the only solution developed with open standards  , readily available to both manufacturers and retailers to convert product master data from BMEcat into structured RDF data suitable for publication and consumption on the Web of Data. Another data quality problem reported is the usage of non-uniform codes for units of measurement  , instead of adhering to the recommended 3-letter UN/CEFACT common codes e.g. " In the BSH catalog for example  , some fields that require floating point values contain non-numeric values like " / "   , " 0.75/2.2 "   , " 3*16 "   , or " 34 x 28 x 33.5 "   , which originates from improper values in the BMEcat. Furthermore  , it can minimize the proliferation of repeated  , incomplete  , or outdated definitions of the same product master data across various online retailers; by means of simplifying the consumption of authoritative product master data from manufacturers by any size of online retailer. It is also expected as a result that the use of structured data in terms of the GoodRelations vocabulary by manufacturers and online retailers will bring additional benefits derived from being part of the Web of Data  , such as Search Engine Optimization SEO in the form of rich snippets 4   , or the possibility of better articulating the value proposition of products on the Web. The latter can take advantage of both product categorization standards and catalog group structures in order to organize types of products and services and to contribute additional granularity in terms of semantic de- scriptions 19. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. However  , there are several aspects where they deviate from our proposal as presented in the sections above  , most notably: a their scope focuses on closed corporate environments which may involve proprietary applications or standards rather than open technologies at the scale of an open Web of Data; and b being aimed at generic PIM and MDM systems  , their level of abstraction is very broad  , introducing additional degrees of separation with respect to the applicability to the problem scenario targeted by the BMEcat2GoodRelations converter tool. Motivated by financial and statistical applications e.g. However  , ranks and orders are not intrinsic to the the basic relational model. Another strength of our approach is that it is a relatively simple and efficient way of incorporating time into statistical relational models. However  , the TVRC framework is flexible enough that it can be used with other statistical relational models e.g. , 10  , 22  , 24 as long as the models can be modified to deal with weighted instances. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more work Koller  , personal communication. Relational autocorrelation  , a statistical dependency among values of the same variable on related en- tities 7  , is a nearly ubiquitous phenomenon in relational datasets. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. The presence of autocorrelation provides a strong motivation for using relational techniques for learning and inference . In this paper  , we proposed three classification models accounting for non-stationary autocorrelation in relational data. In addition  , the shrinkage approach could easily be incorporated into other statistical relational models that use global autocorrelation and collective inference. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused primarily on static snapshots of relational datasets even though most relational domains have temporal dynamics that are important to model. This paper presents a new approach to modeling relational data with time-varying link structure. Although there has been some work modeling domains with time-varying attributes  , to our knowledge this is the first model that exploits information in dynamic relationships between entities to improve prediction. We provided empirical evalution on two real-world relational datasets  , but the models we propose can be used for classification tasks in any relational domain due to their simplicity and generality. The ability to represent  , and reason with  , arbitrary cyclic dependencies is another important characteristic of relational models. Promising research directions include: 1 using patterns e.g. , communities in relational data to split train/test data e.g. , stratified by community  , or biased by community; 2 investigating non-random labeling patterns and their impact on error correlation for different collective inference methods ; and 3 investigating how characteristics of relational data affect the power of statistical tests i.e. , Type II error. NCV combined with paired t-tests produces more acceptable levels of Type I error while still providing reasonable levels of statistical power. Access rights may be granted and revoked on views just as though they were ordinary tables. The relational operations join  , restrict and project as well as statistical summaries of tables may be used to define a view. These sizes are then used to determine the CPU  , IO and communication requirements of relational operations such as joins. Conventional models such as System R SAC+79 use statistical models to estimate the sizes of the intermediate results. However  , this work has focused primarily on modeling static relational data. This work has demonstrated that incorporating the characteristics of related instances into statistical models improves the accuracy of attribute predictions. This explanation applies to continuous and discrete variables and essentially any test of conditional independence. We have used the framework of d-separation to provide the first formal explanation for two previously observed classes of statistical dependencies in relational data. The goal of this work is to improve attribute prediction in dynamic domains by incorporating the influence of timevarying links into statistical relational models. There have been some recent efforts to model temporally-varying links to improve automatic discovery of relational communities or groups 4  , 15 but this work has not attempted to exploit the temporal link information in a classification context . Indeed  , the results we report for LGMs using only the class labels and the link information achieve nearly the same level of performance reported by relational models in the recent literature. This allows the model to consider a wider range of dependencies to reduce bias while limiting potential increases in variance and promises to unleash the full power of statistical relational models. In a relational DBMS  , a view is defined as a " virtual table " derived by a specific query on one or more base tables . This paper presents the Kylin Ontology Generator KOG  , an autonomous system that builds a rich ontology by combining Wikipedia infoboxes with WordNet using statistical-relational learning. KOG also maps attributes between related classes  , allowing property inheritance. One motivation for modeling time-varying links is the identification of influential relationships in the data. This information is necessary to derive accurate relational statistics that are needed by the relational optimizer to accurately estimate the cost of the query workload. The first task in the system is to extract statistical information about the values and structure from the given XML document  , and this is done by the StatiX module. This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. CONCLUSION Some aspects of a theory of probabilistic databases  , applicable alao to relational data  , have been outlined. In this work  , we propose the Time Varying Relational Classifier TVRC framework—a novel approach to incorporating temporal dependencies into statistical relational models. Thus  , the topics of recent references are likely to be better indicators than the topics of references that were published farther in the past. Researchers always use tables to concisely display their latest experimental results or statistical data. Tables present structural data and relational information in a two-dimensional format and in a condensed fashion. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependence between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. More formally  , autocorrelation is defined with respect to a set of related instance pairs Whereas in the CONTROL condition 20% of the adjectives chosen belonged to the machine category  , 20% to the humanized one and 60% to the relational one. Regarding the multiple adjective choice  , even if not supported by statistical significance  , we observe that children in the OAT condition chose no machine category adjectives  , 30% of the chosen adjectives belonged to the humanized category and 70% to the relational one. Instead of storing the data in a relational database  , we have proposed to collect Statistical Linked Data reusing the RDF Data Cube Vocabulary QB and to transform OLAP into SPARQL queries 14. The predominant way in industry is ROLAP since 1 it can be deployed on any of the widely-used relational databases  , 2 industry-relevant data such as from accounting and customer relationship management often resemble star schemas 17 and 3 research has focused on optimising ROLAP approaches 15. We chose statistical data  , because 1 there is clear need to integrate the data and 2 although the data sets are covering semantically similar topics  , standardization usually does not cover the object properties  , only the code lists themselves  , if at all. While our use case has been motivated by statistical data  , a lot of Linked Data sources share this data model structure  , since many of them are derived from relational databases. Each infobox template is treated as a class  , and the slots of the template are considered as attributes/slots. They are  , however  , at a disadvantage in interactivity  , graphical presentation and popularity of the computational language. On the other hand  , there are existing computational engines without scalability or fragmentation problems and with a well-defined computational algebra  , for example  , OLAP 7  , 8  , Statistical 12 and Relational engines. The difference between the two proportions is strongly statistically significant  2 =20.09 with probability 1%  , two-tailed p=0.0001. Recent research has demonstrated the utility of modeling relational information for domains such as web analyt- ics 5  , marketing 8 and fraud detection 19. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more likely to share the same topic than randomly selected pages 23  , and movies made by the same studio are more likely to have similar box-office returns than randomly selected movies 6. IE can only be employed if sensory information is available that is relevant to a relation  , deductive reasoning can only derive a small subset of all statements that are true in a domain and relational machine learning is only applicable if the data contains relevant statistical structure. Powerful methods have been developed for all three approaches and all have their respective strengths and shortcomings. Although there are probably a number of heuristic ways to combine sensory information and the knowledge base with machine learning  , it is not straightforward to come up with consistent probabilistic models. Relational machine learning attempts to capture exactly these statistical dependencies between statements and in the following we will present an approach that is suitable to also integrate sensory information and a knowledge base. In this paper  , we intend to give an empirical argument in favor of creating a specialised OLAP engine for analytical queries on Statistical Linked Data. We expect that  , similar to general-purpose relational databases  , a " one size fits all " 17 triple store will not scale for analytical queries. Recent work has only just begun to incorporate temporal information into statistical relational models. For example  , a sensor may be recording the position of an object moving through a building and this may inform predictions about the properties of the object. Some initial work has focused on transforming temporal-varying links and objects into static aggregated features 19 and other work has focused on modeling the temporal dynamics of time-varying attributes in static link structures 13. Our initial investigation has shown that modeling the interaction among links and attributes will likely improve model generalization and interpretability. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused on models of attributes conditioned on the link structure e.g. , 23  , or on models of link structure conditioned on the attributes e.g. , 11 . Positing the existence of groups decouples the search space into a set of biased abstractions and could be considered a form of predicate invention 22. The structure of the SQL Model is: <existing parts of a query block> MODEL PBY cols DBY cols MEA cols <options>  <formula>  , <formula> ,. , <formula>  On the other hand  , DataScope is flexible to browse various relational database contents based on different schemas and ad-hoc ranking functions. Although a few database visualization tools can support certain data exploration  , they are tailored to particular domains e.g. , spatial-temporal data  , predefined schemas  , or fixed visual representation e.g. , statistical charts. Yet  , there is little work on evaluating and optimising analytical queries on RDF data 4 ,5 . Thii attribute enables DBLEARN to output such statistical statements as 8% of all students majoring in Sociology are Asians. As described in q  , each tuple has a system-defined attribute called count which keeps track of the number of original tuples as stored in the relational database that are represented by the current generalized tuple. Two areas for further investigation are: the use of probabilistic dependencies as constrainta  , and the way in which they interact; and the concept of the degree to This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. For these experiments  , we have used the standard parameters for both matchers  , in order to keep it clearer. In this paper we have combined information extraction  , deductive reasoning and relational machine learning to integrate all sources of available information in a modular way. In general  , the approach is most effective when the information supplied via IE is complementary to the information supplied by statistical patterns in the structured data and if reasoning can add relevant covariate information. For example  , pairs of brokers working at the same branch are more likely to share the same fraud status than randomly selected pairs of brokers. The language of non-recursive first-order logic formulas has a direct mapping to SQL and relational algebra  , which can be used as well for the purposes of our discussion  , e.g. We use statistical information criteria during the search to dynamically determine which features are to be included into the model. Disjoint learning ignores the unlabeled instances in the graph during learning see Figure 1b This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. The Comet methodology is inspired by previous work in which statistical learning methods are used to develop cost models of complex user-defined functions UDFs—see 13  , 15—and of remote autonomous database systems in the multidatabase setting 19  , 26. Our ideas  , insights  , and experiences are useful for other complex operators and queries  , both XML and relational. Topic model performance is often measured by perplexity of test data as a function of statistical word frequencies  , ignoring word order. We use the current 3.2 million Wikipedia titles as our knowledge base to perform lexical parsing on all of the titles  , extracting relational argument structure to explore its potential use on topic modeling. We used as our backend retrieval system the IBM DB2 Net Search Extender  , which allows convenient combination of relational and fulltext queries. For the second run  , this score was combined with that of a statistical model that was trained to distinguish documents that are referred to by GeneRIFs from those that are not. Such probabilistic dependencies cannot easily be captured in logical expressions and typically are also not documented in textual or other sensory form. We also propose a way to estimate the result sizes of SPARQL queries with only very few statistical information. In this paper  , we show that existing techniques from relational systems  , such as query rewriting and cost based optimization for join ordering can be adopted to federated SPARQL. In FJS97   , a statistical approach is used for reconstructing base lineage data from summary data in the presence of certain constraints . In CWW00  , DB2  , Sto75Figure 2: Source data set for Order erating lineage tracing procedures automatically for various classes of relational and multidimensional views  , but none of these approaches can handle warehouse data created through general transformations. In addition  , we will cast the model in a more principled graphical model framework  , formulating it as a latent variable model where the summary " influence " weights between pairs of nodes are hidden variables that change over time and affect the statistical dependencies between attribute values of incident nodes. This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. Collective inference models have recently been shown to produce more accurate predictions than disjoint inference models 7  , 11. The characteristics of such domains form a good match with our method: i links between documents suggest relational representation and ask for techniques being able to navigate such structures; " flat " file domain representation is inadequate in such domains; ii the noise in available data sources suggests statistical rather than deterministic approaches  , and iii often extreme sparsity in such domains requires a focused feature generation and their careful selection with a discriminative model  , which allows modeling of complex  , possibly deep  , but local regularities rather than attempting to build a full probabilistic model of the entire domain. Linked document collections  , such as the Web  , patent databases or scientific publications are inherently relational   , noisy and sparse. To address the shortcomings of this conventional approach   , we described in this paper statistics on views in Microsoft SQL Server  , which provide the optimizer with statistical information on the result of scalar or relational expressions. Depending on the data set and the makeup of the query  , " bad plans " can be triggered by changes as simple as creating a new index or adding a few rows to a table. Even if privacy and confidentiality are in place  , to be practical  , outsourced data services should allow sufficiently expressive client queries e.g. , relational operators such as JOINs with arbitrary predicates without compromising confidentiality. This is important because today's outsourced data services are fundamentally insecure and vulnerable to illicit behavior  , because they do not handle all three dimensions consistently and there exists a strong relationship between such assurances: e.g. , the lack of access pattern privacy usually allows for statistical attacks compromising data confidentiality . In this tutorial  , we will explore the challenges of designing and implementing robust  , efficient  , and scalable relational data outsourcing mechanisms  , with strong security assurances of correctness  , confidentiality  , and data access privacy. Therefore  , we can conclude that attribute partitioning is important to a SDS. Attribute partitioning HAMM79 is another term for a transposed file scheme within a relational database  , As stated in BORA62  , such schemes are useful in statistical database systems because although the relations often contain many attributes  , usually only a few are referenced in any one query  , Additionally  , attribute partitioning is useful in compression schemes that depend on physical adjacency of identical values EGGEBO  , EGGEBl  , TURN79. To support the integration of traditional Semantic Web techniques and machine learning-based  , statistical inferencing  , we developed an approach to create and work with data mining models in SPARQL. Moreover  , we think that the fact that companies such as Microsoft and Oracle have recently added data mining extensions to their relational database management systems underscores their importance  , and calls for a similar solution for RDF stores and SPARQL respectively. The goal of this paper is to combine the strengths of all three approaches modularly  , in the sense that each step can be optimized independently. Contributions of this paper are centered around four analytical query approaches listed in the following – We compare the performance of traditional relational approaches RDBMS / ROLAP and of using a triple store and an RDF representation closely resembling the tabular structure OLAP4LD-SSB. Our future work will include an extension to the the temporal summarization scheme to model temporally varying attributes and an investigation of alternative kernels and relational models. If there is a significant influence effect then we expect the attribute values in t + 1 will depend on the link structure in t. On the other hand  , if there is a significant homophily effect then we expect the link structure in t + 1 will depend on the attributes in t. If either influence or homophily effects are present in the data  , the data will exhibit relational autocorrelation at any given time step t. Relational autocorrelation refers to a statistical dependency between values of the same variable on related objects—it involves a set of related instance pairs  , a variable X defined on the nodes in the pairs  , and it corresponds to the correlation between the values of X on pairs of related instances. Figure 1illustrates influence and homophily dependencies. Thus in a file where the records have several fields each  , all the first fields are stored together  , then all the second  , and so on. We answer this question quantitatively in Section 6. The number of in-memory sorts needed is exponential in k. This exponential factor is unavoidable  , because the width of the search lattice of the datacube is exponential in k. It remains to be seen whether or not the exponential CPU time dominates the I/O time in practice. However  , the key issue is doing this efficiently for practical cases. As with any program synthesis technique which fundamentally involve search over exponential spaces  , the cost of our technique is also worst case exponential in the size of the DSL. This optimization is performed first by noticing that the exponential loss En+m writes: The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. Stack Search Maximizing Eq. Applying an exponential utility function u ′ > 0 and u ′′ < 0 2 gives the mapping function as: The window provides us with a safety frame that guides the search in a promising direction. To prevent exponential grown  , the size of the window is limited. iv The large volume of ESI needed to be handled has also been known to lead to suboptimal performance with traditional IR solutions that may need to search hundreds or thousands of individual search indexes when performing an investigative search. One reason for this practice may be the exponential growth in informational records grows at exponential rates which may contribute to higher overall discovery costs for organizations. 1 also indicate an exponential increase in the number of web services over the last three years. The statistics published by the web services search engine Seekda! We tackle i using heuristic search -a well known technique for dealing with combinatorial search spaces. This is computationally hard and has two main sources of complexity: i combinatorial explosion of possible compositions  , and ii worst-case exponential reasoning. an exhaustive search is not practical for high number of input attributes. the size of the search space increases in a strong exponential manner as the number of input attributes grows  141  , i.e. The search technique needs to be combined with an estimator that can quantify the predictive ability of a subset of attributes. Since the space is exponential in the number of attributes   , heuristic search techniques can be used. The outliers tend to be inputs in which the user has specified an action in an exceptionally redundant manner. In our experiment  , the search workload under the fixed workload scheme is set to be 2500 50 generations with 50 individuals in each generation  and is stipulated by workload function w = ϕ 2 in The time complexity may now become exponential with respect to ϕ as long as the workload function is an exponential function w.r.t ϕ. As in relational databases  , where the problem of large search space is mainly caused by join series  , in OODBMS the search space of a query is exponential according to the length of path expressions. The number of execution plans explored by the optimizer depend on the' applied search strategy. The RAND-WALK agent impkments a completely randomized search strategy  , which has been shown to have a search complexity that is exponential in the number of state-action pairs in the system 2  , lo. Search complexity refers to the number of steps taken to initially locate a goal state. With the exponential growth of information on the Web  , search engine has become an indispensable tool for Web users to seek their desired information. Experimental results are discussed in Section 4 and conclusion is made in Section 5. However  , it is never Copyright is held by the International World Wide Web Conference Committee IW3C2. However  , the problem of finding optimal plans remains a difficult one. By making objects a part of the domain model  , SPPL planner avoids unnecessary grounding and symmetries  , and the search space is reduced by an exponential factor as a result. For example  , our Mergesort branch policy still leaves an exponential search for worst-case executions. 3 The generators found by WISE may not prune enough executions for larger input sizes. As we hypothesized  , the rate parameter of the exponential in Eq. Turning to the models proposed in this paper  , the BEX approach alleviated the risk of temporal conditioning of search results for in comparison to EXP. A query task classification system was also employed  , based on 32 words indicative of home page search such as 'home' or 'homepage'. Fusion was by CombMNZ with exponential z-score normalisation. Watchpoint descriptions begin with a list of module names. Allowing disconnected sub-ensembles would imply an exponential search through all subsets of the total ensemble  , and distributing information between the members of these subsets would require significant multi-hop messaging. These search based methods work only for low-dimensional systems because their time/space complexity is exponential in the dimension of the explored set. Similar methods have been used for kinodynamic planning 17  , 18  , 61. For a given sample data set  , the number of possible model structures which may fit the data is exponential in the number of variables ' . We have tested three greedy search strategies: The number of feasible paths can be exponential in the program size  , or even infinite in the presence of inputdependent loops. We also embedded the collision detection method within a search routine to generate collision-free paths. As each evaluated state in the search requires execution of a collision detection method  , an efficient method will effectively reduce the magnitude of the base of the exponential relationship  , significantly improving the time performance of the search. Practically  , it is impossible to search all subgraphs that appear in the database. First  , there is an exponential number of subgraphs to examine in the model graph database  , most of which are not contrastive at all. This reduces the computational complexity from 0  2 ~  to oN~ or from exponential computational time to polynomial computational time  121. This optimal change forms the new state of the system and the search procedure repeats until convergence. Frequent closed itemsets search space is exponential to |I| i.e. , 2 I   , which requires huges space for long pattern datasets. Property 1 Let Y be an identifier tidset of a cluster C. Then Y is closed. To solve the problems optimally  , it requires an exponential search. Because this problem requires that the number of customer segments to be limited  , we call it the bounded segmentation problem BSP. The problem of selecting a predictive attribute subset Ω ⊆ C can be attacked as a search problem where each state in the search space represents a distinct subset of C 10 . Zweig and Chang 43 found that the use of Model M exponential n-gram language model with personalization features improved the speech recognition performance on Bing voice search. 31 described a system for Mandarin Chinese voice search and reported " excellent performance on typical spoken search queries under a variety of accents and acoustic conditions. " The current Web is largely document-centric hypertext. Early signs of such trends are visible with Google and Microsoft providing Twitter based search results for real-time events  , and exponential growth of tools like Yelp and Foursquare. Unlike the univariate approach  , the tuning of covariance matrix Q has an exponential search space  , since we need to simultaneously set all diagonal elements. The noise covariance matrix Q can be also learned by off-line tuning. 26 introduces a way to empirically search for an exponential model for the documents. However  , the Poisson model in their paper is still under the document generation framework   , and also does not account for the document length variation. It can be shown that the number of possible decompositions i.e. These conditions are easily checked  , but the exponential number of partitions m must be fairly large to allow decryption renders ex- haustive search impossible. As any binary string can be obtained with equal likelihood as any In the worst case  , the search for all possible alliances in order to not miss any solution to the original problem reintroduces exponential complexity. The broad-brush effect can be eliminated by identifying such alliances and grouping them together. The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. +  are normalization factors such that Dt+1 and˜Dt+1and˜ and˜Dt+1 remain probability distributions. When dealing with a human figure  , the notion of naturalness will come into consideration. With backtracking   , the worst case is that we have to search through the whole tree and the run time become exponential. Finding locally optimal solutions in this respect would be a logical approach and is the subject of current research. Understandably  , model refinement implies exponential enhancement in the search space where the solution should be found. With about 32 degree of freedom DOfs to be determined for each frame  , there is the potential of exponential compl exity evaluating such a high dimensional search space. I. Theoretically  , the number of paths is exponential in the user-assigned search depth. Each node in the tree containing the image of all reachable states from the initial node along the path. Further advances in compositional techniques 26  , pruning redundant paths 7  , and heuristics search 9 ,40 are needed. A significant scalability challenge for symbolic execution is how to handle the exponential number of paths in the code. Using an exponential distribution to accomplish a blending of time and language model Eq. On the other hand  , a time-only ranking as used by Twitter search fails to capture differences in tweets' relevance to the query. From Table 1  , we can see that the search space for optimizing a path expression is exponential to the path length. Heuristic Rule for DFF : Select DFF from Ci to Cj iff one ,of the following condition holds : l The heuristic-search has the exponential computational complexity at the worst case. The amount of computation depends not only on the number of parts and how they are interconnected  , but also on the solution to AND/OR graph. Because of the size of the graph  , this requires exponential time to solve using standard graph search techniques. The reason is that for any number of modules n  , the number of connected configurations possible appears to be exponential in n. To find a optimal sequeiice of configurations leading from the initial configuration to the final configuration is akin to finding the shortest path in a graph consisting of such configurations as vertices . However  , Grimson lo has shown that in the gencpal case  , where spurious m e a surements can arise  , the amount of search needed to find the hest interpretation is still exponential. The use of geometric constraints and branch and hound search dramatically reduces the numbet of nodes explored  , by cutting down entire branches of the tree. A distributed e-library is perhaps best explained as a huge  , global database  , where search engines or directory services act as the indexes to information see  , Figure 11. Despite the exponential growth of Web content  , we believe the relevance of content returned by search engines will improve as query options will become more flexible. To tame this exponential growth  , we use a beam search heuristic: in each iteration  , we save only the best β number of ungrounded rules and pass them to the next iteration. As the size of the rule search space increases exponentially with the number of variables in ungrounded rules  , enumerating rules quickly becomes infeasible for longer rules. However  , for most practical problems  , solutions are easier to find and such search is not neces- sary. The organization of this paper is described as follows . Most importantly  , a GA embedded search based dynamic scheduling strategy is proposed to produce a feasible and near-optimal schedule to resolve the conventional problem with exponential growth of search time vs. the problem size. Even though this bmte-force approach  , unlike the other work mentioned above  , guarantees optimality and completeness  , it k n o t practical for larger scale problems because of its computational complexity  , which is exponential in the number of moving droplets. In IX  , this author described the problem as a graph search  , and suggested search techniques such as A'. While the real-time feature of the presented collision detection method is not essential in planning applications   , there are performance rewards for efficient collision detection. This is especially important  , since the search space is exponential and the number of MDS patterns present in the data may also be very large. Hence  , any bottom up mining strategy needs to employ extra techniques for pruning the search space. Due to its exponential complexity  , exhaustive search is only feasible for very simple queries and is implemented in few research DBMSs  , mainly for performance comparison purposes. However  , they differ in exploration of the search space and the size of the portion explored. Search engine developers are well aware of the inadequacy of literal string matching as a method for finding relevant content  , and people are hard at work on creating better tools. If the query optimizer can immediately find the profitable nary operators to apply on a number of collections  , the search space will be largely reduced since those collections linked by the nary operator can be considered as one single collection. An exhaustive search method that evaluates all the possible  i 0 values can require a total of r n combinations which is exponential with n and can require a large amount of calculation time. With respect to the number of goals and resolution  , the size of the search space is n·r. As the exponential growth of web pages and online documents continues  , there is an increasing need for retrieval systems that are capable of dealing with a large collection of documents and at the same time narrowing the scope of the search results not only relevant documents but also relevant passages or even direct answers. Some of its successful applications include library catalogue search  , medical record retrieval  , and Internet search engines e.g. , Google. They adjust an exponential discount model to the expected quality of a search experience  , based on the session information. They assume that session records tell success or failure stories of users who became competent questioners  , given a topic and a search system  , or went astray: a search experience is poised to be rewarding for a 'good' user  , while the experience of a 'bad' user will be negative. In modern query optimizer architectures FV94  , FG94  , different components are driven by different search strategies; thus  , it would be useful to have a special combination of strategies for optimizing path expressions . Thus we anticipate the information organization to soon occur  , not via 'URLs' but rather via 'event tags' and across 'geo-locations'. The restricted search space has still an exponential size with respect to dimensionality  , which makes enumeration impossible for higher dimensionalities. For our following considerations  , we restrict the projections to the class of axes-parallel projections   , which means that we are searching for meaningful combinations of dimensions attributes. In section 4 we show that for common scenarios there is significant benefit to nevertheless search for the best cost minimal reformulation. In contrast  , obtaining a minimal reformulation can take worst case exponential time in the size of the universal plan  , if the backchase has to inspect many subqueries before finding it. Unfortunately  , it is well known that the generation of the reachability tree takes exponential time for the general case. If a PN is a valid model of an FMS  , the scheduling problem may be translated into a search problem of finding a desired path with the lowest cost makespan in a graph structure that is the PN reachability tree Murata 1989. They use this model to generate a set of weights for terms from past queries  , terms from intermediate ranked lists and terms from clicked documents  , yielding an alternative representation of the last query in a session. If the moving direction keeps the same in the iterations  , the step increases faster than an exponential function and is given by iteration the search span at the moving direction  , a is the Fig. Notice that with the inner loop involving Step 4-7  , the moving step of the base point ,towards the minimum point increases very fast. The approach to searching these huge spaces has been to apply heuristics to effectively reduce the extent of the space. For an n clof manipulator  , the search space is exponential in n  , resulting in n * X states for a discretization x. The salient feature in timeld-automata formalism that is clocks enable us to refine the models and hence enhance our ability to address additional issues such as optimal solutions with respect to time or steps for a coordination problem involving different robots with different dynamic behaviours. A simple chemical data set of 300 molecules can require many hours to mine when the user specifies a low support threshold. A major challenge in substructure mining is that the search space is exponential with respect to the data set  , forcing runtimes to be quite long. This occurs because a worst-case Mergesort execution must alternate between the two sides of a critical conditional  , but our generator can only capture that worst-case paths are always permitted to take either branch. This suggests that using the m most recent queries as the the search context for generating recommendations will likely introduce off-topic information  , causing recommendations that seem out of place. Using a labeled sample of the AOL query log  , we observed an exponential decrease in the likelihood that the previous m queries are part of the same task as m increases see Figure 3. For taking the rank into consideration  , an exponential decay function with half-life α = 7 is proposed by Ziegler et al. Moreover  , score assigned to a leaf category qx also depends on the rank of referrals to qx: The topmost search results are assigned higher scores than those occurring towards the end of the list. Even then  , the exhaustive search is lirmted in the range and resolution of the weights considered  , and often has to be approximated by either gradient-descent or decomposmon techniques. The complexity of this approach is exponential in the number of weights  , and consequently it cannot be used with more than a few such parameters. The complexity of the planner is exponential on the number of joints  , and is of the order of Mn2nu   , where A4 is the discretization of the rectangular grid. The A  , P  , and AP surfaces are mapped to an n-dimensional grid implemented as an n-tree  , and the search for a trajectory with minimum cost is performed in this grid. Frequent substructures may provide insight into the behavior of the molecule  , or provide a direction for further investigation8. To find out the best model structure from this huge space  , an efficient search strategy is highly demanded. Heuristic search aspires to solve this problem efficiently by utilizing background knowledge encoded in a heuristic function. Exhaustively searching all the states in graph G can be extremely time consuming due to the problem of combinatorial complexity exponential growth in n. After fitting a combination of exponential and Weibull models to their data  , they report that roughly 10% of inter-modification intervals are 10 days or less and roughly 72% are 100 days or less. More recently  , Brewington & Cybenko consider the burden that modification rates place on search engines 9 . To put this into perspective  , even for the simple snowflake example with 12 nodes  , the size of the lattice is 1024 and the size of the game tree is 1024 factorial the amount of time required to search the game tree  , an astronomically large number. In particular  , this is because computing an SPNE is typically exponential in the size of the lattice. In order to prevent this exponential increase of the planning time for queries with many patterns  , we use a greedy query optimizer when the number of patterns in the query is greater than a fixed number. This means that the search space exploration time complexity is Ologn * 2 |q| . Then the document scores and their new ranks are transformed using exponential function and logarithmic function respectively. To score a resource  , CiSS gathers documents belong to that resource in the search result list  , and generates a new rank of them based on their relative order. In order to deal with configuration similarity under limited time  , Papadias et al. The only approach that could be employed is systematic search  17 18  , which due to the worst case exponential cost is not guaranteed to terminate within reasonable time. In Section 5 we present a technique based on analyzing the properties of ideal queries  , and using those observations to prune the option search space. Such a technique is difficult to realize in practice due to the exponential number of options that need to be analyzed. In this work  , we take advantage of the advancement in speech recognition  , to explore a high-quality transcribed query log  , but do not delve into speech recognition aspects. Specifically  , it was shown empirically that the score distributions on a per query basis may be fitted using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. We have demonstrated how to model the score distributions of a number of text search engines. In order to avoid this situation  , most researchers 1623 focus on a special case where all images/frames contain exactly the same set of labeled objects. First  , the complexity of the problem is  , in general  , exponential 25 and systematic search through the whole solution space does not guarantee worst case performance. Along the line of similar studies  , the statistics suggest an exponential growth of pages on the WWW. This estimate is computed by extrapolating the total number of pages in a search engines index from known or computed word frequencies of common words 1 . In general  , in the worst case we would need to look at all possible subsets of triples an exponential search space even for the simplest queries. Even though there is a single continuous period 1993–2010  , it is represented in two different triples that both intersect the interval in the query 1997  , 2003. OPTIMIZED uses memoization to avoid this exponential explosion: it never expands a rule more than once per query. BASELINE is significantly more sensitive to the number of levels: increasing the number of levels could increase the search space for the expansion exponentially in the number of rules. During the past decade colleges and universities have witnessed an exponential growth in digital information available for teaching and learning. The paper describes two applications – Visual Understanding Environment VUE  , a concept mapping application and Tufts Digital Library Search that successfully interface with this architecture to use the content of the repository. Consider now a database with numerous  , medium or large images where users can ask any type of queries i.e. , with non-fixed variables using variable relation schemes. We first show that the score distributions for a given query may be modeled using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. In this paper we model score distributions of text search engines using a novel approach. In these conditions   , the interpretation tree approach seems impracticable except for very small maps. However  , the discretized equations of motion can be formulated in such way that most of the operations can be precomputed. If the size of d is p the number of alternatives then after n steps there are pn possible target configurations  , so the search space is exponential. With a case-base on the order of ten cases  , we were able to solve a set of ASG tasks which otherwise require exponential time because of the spatial properties involved. We have shown a successful application of casebased search in the domain of assembly sequence generation . Figure 3shows the scalability of All-Significant-Pairs and LiveSet-Driven with respect to various gradient thresholds . The gradient threshold is set to ½¾  , the number of bins to ¿ and the number of probes to ¼. LiveSet-Driven achieves good scalability by pruning many cells in the search whereas All-Significant- Pairs checks a huge number of pairs of cells  , thus requires exponential runtime. This is a very important issue since if the rules were applied in an unordered and exhaustive manner there would be the problem of exponential explosion of the search space. In this section we introduce the governing strategies and mechanisms utilized in our query optimizer. Problems that are easily solved by SPPL planner can at the same time be very difficult for the best general AI planners. The occurrence of sub-itemsets in the search space is a threat when answer completeness is required. The maximal property overcomes some of the challenges of the other itemset mining approaches  , such as the possibility of producing an exponential number of frequent sub-itemsets. sheet approach all require user examination to discard unintended mappings 8  with extra effort devoted to search for mappings not automatically generated missed mappings. The changes are introduced into the XML 6 A necessarily exponential-time procedure  , in general unless P = NP. In representing distributed error conditions  , we make a key assumption: the error must be able to be represented by a fixed-size  , connected sub-ensemble of robots in specific states. T Query arrival rate described by an exponential distribution with mean 1/λ  , T = λ. ts Seek plus latency access time  , ms/postings list  , ts = 4 throughout. The i th of the M machines has ci cores used for shard search across the pi shards allocated to it  , and if allowed for resource selection and result merging. To allow larger distances to increase backtracking capability and avoid the exponential explosion  , a maximum number of markings is allowed at each level. Even for a small distance between top and bottom levels of the search window  , the number of markings will grow exponentially as the window advances. The second challenge is that the MDS's frequency threshold cannot be set as high as it is in frequent subsequence mining. The straightforward exhaustive search is apparently infeasible to this problem  , especially for highdimensional datasets. Unfortunately  , due to the exponential growth of the number of subspaces with respect to the dimension of the dataset  , the problem of outlying subspace detection is NPhard by nature. The perplexity of tweet d is given by the exponential of the log likelihood normalized by the number of words in a tweet. Tweets relevant to the event e are then ranked in ascending order with lower perplexity being more relevant to event e. Using the perplexity score instead of keyword search from each topic allows us to differentiate between the importance of different words using the inferred probabilities. In contrast  , the proposed approach in this paper leverages the exponential character of the probabilistic quadtree to dramatically reduce the state space  , which also benefits the Fig. In order to achieve the desired search objective at the required resolution i.e. , detection of a target within unit area  , the state space for a uniform grid is necessarily L × L  , or in the presented example  , 256 2 = 65  , 536 nodes. In this section  , we show how to normalize a tRDF database — later  , in Section 6  , we will show experimentally that normalization plays a big part in evaluating queries efficiently at the expense of a small increase in the storage space. Our analytical model has these features:  Pages have finite lifetime following an exponential distribution Section 5.1. Given that a modern search engines appear to be strongly influenced by popularity-based measures while ranking results  , and b users tend to focus their attention primarily on the top-ranked results 11 ,13  , it is reasonable to assume that the expected visit rate of a page is a function of its current popularity as done in 5: If n is small and d is a finite and countable set then the distribution may be computed numerically by evaluating the possible sequences of actions  , computing the resultant final configurations  , and storing the associated probabilities in a data structure. Although abstract action models capture the world dynamics compactly  , using them for planning is challenging: the state space in relational domains is exponential in the number of objects  , the search space of action sequences is huge  , and reasoning about actions is aggravated by the their stochasticity. In our work  , we use a rule-based model  , namely noisy indeterministic rules 9 which are particularly appealing  , as they can be learned effectively from experience. The key feature of the prophet graph  , is that we can use it to compute the solution to the query without having to refer to the original graph G. Though PRO-HEAPS still has exponential computational complexity in the worst case  , in practice it is able to execute queries in real time as shown in our Section 4. This heuristic then guides an A* search  , which takes place directly on the prophet graph. The ontology building experience in my Grid suggests the need of automated tools that support the ontology curator in his work  , especially now with the exponential increase of the number of bioinformatics services. 3 http://oiled.man.ac.uk 4 http://www.hgmp.mrc.ac.uk/Software/EMBOSS/Apps/ A part of this ontology  , further referred to as the application ontology  , provides concepts for annotating web service descriptions in a forms based annotation tool Pedro 5 and is subsequently used at discovery time with or without reasoning to power the search 25. Because NDCG focuses on ranking for top pairs  , it is extensively used to measure and compare the performances of rankers or search engines. As an example  , suppose if we have 100 pairs on the scene to grasp and if we misclassify top 5 pairs  , we might just end up with a classifier with 95% classification accuracy; whereas  , if we use NDCG as the measure with k = 10  , i.e. , we care only about top 10 pairs  , because Φ has an exponential component  , any misranking of the top pairs will result in a bigger loss for N DCG 10 . Our approach differs in three ways: our method for finding the internal grasp force can be carried on efficiently during the computation of the robot dynamics 9; we use a penalty-based optimization rather than a potentially exponential search; and we deal directly with the frictional constraints  , which requires knowing or estimating only the coefficient of kinetic friction between the fin ers and the grasped object. Bicchi simulated the frictional constraints using a set virtual springs  , and a stiffness matrix representing the elasticity of the object . Experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. Our approach constructs an item group based pairwise preference for the specific ranking relations of items and combine it with item based pairwise preference to formalise a novel framework PRIGPPersonalized Ranking with Item Group based Pairwise preference learning . Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method  , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. The experimental results on three real-world datasets show our proposed method performs a better top-K recommendation than baseline methods. The controlled system's transfer function under perturbation becomes: The plant transfer function P z is . Figure 15shows the frequency response of the transfer function. 6 below is the transfer function of a velocity response model. This transfer function was then used to design the zero phase error tracking controller. From the PI transfer function and the ARMAX model of the motor  , which had been previously determined  , the closed-loop transfer function Gz was calculated. Spector and Flashner 9 analysed the zeros of a pinned-free beam transfer function for both collocated and noncollocated systems. For K = 0.5  , the transfer function reduces to The controller transfer function is C The plant transfer function Pz is α z   , therefore it becomes P mod z = ˜ α·∆α z . 10 can expressed by In particular  , if sl is equal to one  , then this equation becomes the following transfer function: The transfer function of the model in eq. The experimentally determined transfer function is 6. However  , the transfer function for figure 9.b is The transfer function for figure 9.a is identical to equation 2  , with the same bandwidth. shows that  , in the limit  , the relative degree of the transfer function is ill-defined. In addition  , any attempt to identify the transfer function model will be affected. The transfer function matrix Gi is expressed as follows; We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. Hence  , we break the transfer function between intensity values and optical properties into two parts: i classification function  , and ii transfer function from tissue to optical properties. Therefore   , distinguishing between different tissues can enhance the volume visualization . Eppstein 13  showed that  , for general part feeders with non-monotonic transfer functions  , finding a shortest plan is NP-complete. In contrast to the planar push function  , the three-dimensional push function is not a monotonic transfer function. 9shows the concept ofthe inverse transfer function compensation. This objective is well-suited to the general XFl ,problem. More specifically  , referring to Figure 5  , we would like to design a controller to trade-off minimizing the norm of the transfer function from reference input Y d to the tracking error e tracking performance  , the transfer function from the disturbance d to the output y disturbance attenuation  , the transfer function from T to q robust stability   , and the transfer function from reference input Y d ~ . The input corresponds to the deno~nznator of the transfer function  , and hence  , position units are introduced into the transfer function by multiplying the denominator term by L. Scaling the controller output corresponds to scaling the numerator of the nondimensional controller transfer function The relationship between the nondimensional and dimensional control torques is H  t  = Q21hHndRt. The transfer function represents a ratio of output to input. The parameters used to plot this transfer function were the same as those in Figure 3 driving frequency. Therefore  , the frequency domain transfer function between actuator position and force is: Figure 5 shows the magnitude and phase relationship between actuator position and actuator force based on the given transfer function. Once a transfer function is shown to be passive  , the system can be stabilized easily using the following theorem. In the paper of Wang and Vidyasagar 5  , it is shown that an alternate transfer function can be chosen which has the property that  , if a given beam is sufficiently rigid or if the hub inertia is sufficiently small  , the transfer function is passive. However  , we can derive the more interesting transfer function between actuator position/velocity and actuator force by viewing our system as shown in equivalence. Figure 12shows the experimental system used for velocity response experiment. The transfer function P , ,s of the velocity response model has been assumed to be the transfer function P f  s  of the force response model as multiplied by a transfer function that represents the inertia of the output part and the determined experimentally. The index is dependent on the transfer function. For example  , producible impact force is input  , a safety strategy is a factor  , its danger index is transfer function  , and injury to a human is output. The transfer function of the charge amplifier is identified by monitoring its output in step response. 7 dshows the block diagram in case of applying the inverse transfer function compensation to the charge amplifier. Indeed we know that a positive transfer function is typical of a spring  , while a negative transfer function is indicative of a mass. And the reflective path shapes the local appearances   , whether inertial or spring like. At low frequency  , this transfer function is equal to unity  , and in the limit as frequency goes to infinity the transfer function goes to zero. Therefore  , the true bandwidth of the system will depend on the servo valve characteristics. These functions parameterize the set of different trajectories based on covariances of initial beliefs. To plan a trajectory efficiently  , each edge of the belief graph is associated with a covariance transfer function and a cost transfer function. If the relative degree of the transfer function is not well-defined  , the performance of a controller designed using this model can be affected. So  , it is obvious that there is agreement between the transfer function approach and the analytic optimization solution. We are focusing on driving frequencies significantly less than the servo valve bandwidth. Opposite of the closed loop forward transfer function   , the impedance at low frequency is equal to zero. At high frequency   , the transfer function is equal to the value-of k ,  , the spring constant of the physical spring. The transfer function frequency bins may further be smoothened through a recursive least square technique. The first mode of the beam was estimated in real-time utilizing the Empirical Transfer Function Estimator ETFE 17. were used in both repetitive controllers. This transfer function in itself is not really of interest to us as it does not include the spring dynamics. If developers do not know about the existence of the defined locking aspect or its relation to the new function transfer  , they might not add transfer as a relevant shadow  , thus  , might miss locking in transfer  , or create a redundant locking cross-cutting concern for that function. For example  , in the above online banking system  , assume that after aspectization  , a new function transfer is added and also has locking  , i.e. , it is a locking concern container . Instead of assuming a mechanical model  , we have decided to estimate a transfer function directly from the frequency response data. This command estimates a discrete-time transfer function corresponding to a given frequency response in the following form. For a real rational transfer function  , if the poles and zeros are simple  , lie on the jw-axis and alternate with each other  , then the transfer function is passive. This is done easily through the following theorem. This property is called interlacing. It was seen that the derived transfer function agreed identically with the analytic optimal spring solution presented. To that end  , a transfer function approach to the open loop dynamics of the translating foil was presented. However  , we know the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T ,. In order to design the controller  , we need to have the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T , ,. The input of a transfer function is V before the execution of the instruction   , and the output is the new V after the execution. Next we interpret each instructions of the function by following the transfer functions in Table 1 . Data and experimentally determined transfer function amplitudes match very well. The amplitude plot contains the amplitude of the data points and transfer functions. Both transfer function have two zeros and four poles. Note that the dependence of transfer functions on s is not denoted throughout the paper. The transfer function of the charge amplifier Gc& can be assumed as the 10b. Assuming the manipulator closed loop transfer function i.e. stiffness force disturbance 16. The transfer function of When D = 0  , the system is said to be strictly causal. and substituting the plant transfer function of Eq. 5 we can derive the expression C Fig.13shows the bode plot of the transfer function. 11shows the final result. 11show the Bode plot of the resulting identified transfer function contact force versus normal velocity. The corresponding z-domain transfer function is is the integrator output. 3shows the response of the inertial element circuit with the transfer function Fig. For the case of the hoist and drag drives the transfer function is for winch velocity as a function of reference input  , while for the slew drive it is for torque as a function of reference input. Each drive system is modeled by a discrete time transfer function  , expressed as a numerator and a denominator polynomial. Since only the magnitude response is used  , the frequency domain identification method in 5 is only suitable for identifying minimum-phase transfer functions with slightly damped zeros such as the transfer function from the shaft velocity to tip acceleration. In 5  , as an alternative to ARMA models  , a frequency domain technique has been used to parameterize the transfer function of flexible link manipulators . Because calculation of the viscosity and other behaviors of ER fluid would be too complicated  , a velocity response model has been determined experimentally. Next  , a discrete  , unnormalized probability distribution function Fvhrt c' is obtained as: Even a customized transfer function can be devised by utilizing B- splines. The transfer function for first setup controller is: The sensitivity weighting function is assigned to be  Two controllers were designed using p -synthesis toolbox of Matlab. The transfer functions were identified using the MATLAB The simulator runs at 5Hz and writes the system output variables to the logger using its RTC interface. The transfer function depends on the geometry given by the diameter function of the part. Since rotating the gripper is equivalent to rotating the part  , the transfer function is defined in terms of the part's orientation with respect to the gripper . Then clearly q is a stable transfer function. Now let where 8 is a small positive number. The middle loop decouples the dynamics of the system reduces its transfer function to a double integrator. controller. Where q c is the parameter which determines the controller convergence speed. Fig.7Block diagram of direct transfer function identifier. The above transfer function meam a typical second order system. 21 the natural frequency un is given by 20 is diagonal  , the repetitive controller for each axis can be designed independently . Since the transfer function matrix in Eq. ¼ The estimated transfer function was converted into the following standard form which is convenient to design a controller. Hz / 2 ! Using this value for C in the derived transfer function The capacitor's recommended value is given as 0.022 uF. The above methods can only be applied t o overdamped systems. The transfer function  , G  s is given by: Stability is analyzed by plotting the Popov curve for the transfer function from A to B . The force control for the experiments uses an inner velocity loop. For the velocity loop  , the transfer function is: The Bode plots obtained experimentally to model the link dynamics are displayed in Fig. The experimentally determined transfer function is where µ is a discount factor that defines how trustworthy the new observations are. The controller transfer function is C is a stable transfer function. Under the assumption of identical master and slave subsystems  , that is substituting 5-8 into In this system  , several factors are connected with each other in series. This method is a kind of feed-forward control. I 1Displacement control with inverse transfer function compensation integrals  , the output of the compensator is generally stable. where Fig. Figure 7 shows the arrangement of the singlemass arm. The transfer function of the controller is obtained using equation hub. The experiment results is shown in Figure 7. The force error is predictable from the transfer function. The closed loop transfer function governing the system's response in the NS mode is: The system's response is 2nd order. 20  , the transfer function from the disturbance to the output force is expressed as follows: Then  , from eq. An example of aplying the equivalent transfer function for minimizing the size of a SPN a Where: 4. However  , there is no step response experiment for the fuel mass measurements from sensor WIA 2. We assumed that the transfer functions were of first order and used classical geometry-based approach for identifying transfer function parameters. The mechanical svstem consists of a D. C. motor attached to is very sinall and is assumed to be zero in obtaining the transfer funct ,ion of the controller. During pipe transfer and placement  , slips may occur along the pipe's axis. The robotic gripper's primary function is to transfer pipes and move them into or out of the roughneck. It should be noted that Gs is not a single transfer function but rather a family of transfer functions with independent real interval coefficients; thus Gs represents an interval plant system 8. To overcome these challenges  , BIGDEBUG provides an on-demand watchpoint with a guard closure function . Such data transfer would also incur high communication overhead  , as all worker nodes must transfer the intermediate results back to the driver node. The dynamics of HSI and TO are assumed to be negligible  , they are modeled as ideal transducers with unity transfer functions. Its reaction is modeled by an admittance with serial spring-damper dynamics with the transfer function s/s + 0.5. The ZPETC is based on the inversion of the closed loop transfer fimction so that the product of the ZPETC and the closed loop transfer function comes close to unity for arbitrary desired output. The ZPETC can solve this problem. The values of the sensitivity transfer functions along the normal and tangential directions  , within their bandwidths  , are 0.7 m / l b f and 0.197 in/lbf respectively. Figure  13depicts the sensitivity transfer function. In the whole teleoperation  , highly accurate control has been achieved. It can be seen that the robot arm undergoes smooth transfer between autonomous function and avoidance function aa well as recovering function to cope with the unexpected event. A time wrapping function is a transfer function which aligns two curves. The two curves on the right show two stock market charts and their corresponding time wrapping function 21. The sensitivity function in low frequencies is minimized simultaneously with the open loop transfer function in high frequencies   , using a Lagrangian function. The procedure of 7 is used for 1/0 Decoupled sys+ ten=  , getting a LOR controller. We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. Using this AXdiand the transfer function matrix Gi which we design in previous section  , the i-th follower can estimate the desired trajectory of the i-th virtual leader. This section is devoted to a description of the extender performance where the following question is addressed: What dynamic behavior should the extender have in performing a task ? The transfer function for feh  , when all the mappings of Figure 7are transfer function matrices  , can be written as: Figure 11shows the analytical and experimental values of G for t w o orthogonal directions. Each motor of the end-effector was treated separately and a control loop similar to the one in In this set of experiments  , the position transfer function matrix  , G  , the sensitivity transfer function  , S are measured. We see that the transfer function defines the kinematic correspondence between the master and the slave. Other types of kinematic correspondence between the master and slave can be realized by setting the proper transfer function G. A perfect rate control of a teleoperator system Choosing a first order stable transfer function leads to a compensator E. Due to the simplicity of the flotor dynamics  , a n y proper  , stable  , real-rational transfer function can be obtained from the desired acceleration a  , to the actual acceleration a of the flotor of course  , there will be limits on achievable performance due to plant uncertainty  , actuator saturation  , etc. The key concept is to sample in the mean space and search in the covariance space of robots' belief states. A class of outputs which lead to a minimum phase transfer function for single-link flexible robots have been presented in 8. In the case where the hub inertia is very large  , it has been shown that this output would result in a minimum phase transfer function 5. where G is the actuator transfer function relating the input command to the actuator to the end-effector velocity; S is the actuator sensitivity transfer function relating the line tensile force fR to the end-effector velocity  , v   , A positive value for v represents a downward speed for the load. The rope tensile force  , fR   , can he represented by: The force commands should be sent to actuator through D/A converter modeled by putting the transfer function in Eq. The spring-damper model is typically employed as a virtual wall and the transfer function from the velocity at the contact point to the command force is given by In our case  , the closed position loop transfer function of one motor is approximated by a first order system : Winding motors can have a very small response time  , but in the general case  , the motor position control loop cannot be neglected in the full open loop transfer function of one mode. The position model used in this research is a 20 degree of freedom DOF lumped-spring-mass-damper model based on the work of Oakley 16. The transfer function for the Fy model is: The transfer function for the Fx model is: Since the dynamic behavior of the end-effector in two directions are uncoupled  , matrices E  , S   , G and H of Figure 10are diagonal. Specifically  , the undamped transfer function from By the Passivity theorem  , a P D controller will guarantee stability if the robot is undamped. with the horizontal subsystem  , the goal is to find a passive transfer function by carefully choosing an output variable. Section 4 of this paper proposes an alternate transfer function which has a well-defined relative degree even as the number of modes approaches infinity. As well  , the problems in determining the relative degree of this transfer function are discussed in Section 3. An alternate method is presented in this section which does give a well-defined transfer function. T r a n s f e r F u n c t i o n Modelling In the previous section  , it is shown that  , for the transfer function between the input torque and the net tip deflection  , there is no well-defined relative degree. As discussed in Section 1  , the other important measure of hand controller performance is its achievable stiffness  , which is provided by a position control loop with transfer function T  , between sensed position Xs and actuator force Fa. This loop is described by the transfer function TJ from sensed force Fs to actuator force Fa. The hydraulic servo valve and joint transfer function plant models are for different arm postures and for different command levels. The transfer function relates the joint position in radians to the command signal in counts with a 12-bit D/A board. The key is to define output variables so that the transfer function is passive. This implies that  , if the transfer function from the input torque to some carefully chosen output can be shown to be passive  , a PD controller can be used to efficiently eliminate flexible link oscillations27. If the poles and zeros of the undamped transfer function from A E to Aq1 -2Aqh4 are plotted for all the orientations in Figure 8  , the pole-zero patterns all display the interlacing property  , thus implying passivity. It was found that the undamped transfer function from A71 to A41 -2Aqh4 is passive. From the above lemma and the proof of completeness for polygonal parts and by verifying that for transfer functions f of polygonal parts  , A' The diameter function of the thin slice is shown in dotted lines along with its transfer function. From this state space model  , the transfer function between the torque applied to the link and the net tip deflection is derived in Section 3. For purposes of this paper  , the authors define the bandwidth of transparency as the frequency at which the transparency transfer function crosses a A3 dB magnitude band. The bandwidth of transparency can be characterized by the frequency at which the transparency transfer function departs significantly from 0 dB magnitude and 0" phase. However  , because the passivity theorem is only a sufficient condition  , then having the transfer function non-passive does not necessarily imply instability . It can be shown that the transfer function does not remain passive if damping is returned to the system. It may be the case that an attacker wants to slow down transfer of a given piece of information; but the transfer speed itself is a function of the aggregate effort of the machines participating in the transfer. As another example  , maybe more related to Internet security  , consider parallelized file transfers  , as in the BitTorrent peer-to-peer service. One of the common approaches is to derive the transfer functions for all input/output pairs from the step response experiments 4. function: All keybord interaction except the function keys is directed to the dialog object. By selecting items from this list he may transfer previous commands to the dialog window for editing and execution. We then present a constructive argument to show that only On projection sets need be considered to obtain the diameter function. It may be noted that this is all that is necessary to compute the transfer function. This means there is a room to improve the backdrivability without affecting the txansfer function of the reference torque. With this controller  , we have the following transfer function and the backdraiv- ability. The diameter function of the thin slice is shown in dotted lines along with its transfer function. Instead  , in this case  , the ramp has to be grabbed between the steps. At the beginning of the interpretation of the given function  , the argument values are assigned with value and reference dependencies of themselves. Similarly  , we redefine all accessors to record structures for records owned by the terminal as calls to protocol transfer functions which: The functions mentioned above all behave in the following way: some data function parameters or record instances to be accessed is passed to the opposite partition and then some task is performed by that partition on the data. We then redefine each function which is owned by the terminal to be a call on a protocol transfer function: the name of the function and its parameters are passed to the remote-function-call function. In the function  , two similarity measures are used. Function transq returns a query q such that it is appropriate to transfer edits for query q to query q. Our system is comprised of a user information collection function and a P2P transfer function. Our system is an aggregation system intended to allow smoother communication by transmission of user information from acquaintances that provides an outline of their routine. These functions are: instruction access tracing  , data access tracing  , and conditional transfer tracing. Each of the three bits per word performs a specific function. It requires a model of the robot+camera transfer function  , which is computed using I  , The controller is a generalized predictive controller that is described in section III. S is the sensitivity transfer function matrix. Note t h a t G is approximately equal t o the unity matrix for the frequencies within its bandwidth. The transmitted impedance felt by the operator  , see with the difference between Zt and 2  , being interpreted as a measure of transparency. Then the transfer function is obtained as shown in Fig. Let the displacement be the input and the output of the charge amplifier be the output. This results in a transfer function which is minimum phase with zeros on the imaginary axis. Furthermore  , with a rigid manipulator   , the sensor and actuator are collocated. we define how the orientation of thr: part changes during a basic pull action. We derive a transfer function for the pulling feeder for convex polygonal parts  , i.e. This is accomplished by scaling the nondimensional frequency variable i = The controller transfer function is redimensionalized by essentially scaling t ,he zeros and poles of the nondimensional controller. Then we can modify the controller input For a repetitive task  , the transfer function of the system will be the same. A momentary switch is mounted-on the side of the handlebar. A transfer function converts the handlebar deviation to an actual steering angle. has a constant transfer function which is required to work in a changing environment. An electrically driven axis is essentially a fixed device i.e. Gp stands for the closed loop transfer function of the position controlled system in free motion  , from motor setpoint to link position. In order to use this feature  , a headrelated transfer function is needed. For this reason  , it is not usually used in common applications. 4are positive  , the poles of the conjugate eye movement transfer function are always negative  , and the conjugate eye movement is always stable. Since all the parameters in Fig. a t the front and t ,he rear of controlled system P and tlherehy shape the open loop frequency transfer function. Then  , we can expressed Transfer function of piezo displacement as input and output of charge amplifier as output Fig. The displacement of the piezo can Notice that the repetitive controller is included in digital form  , and is expressed as : force unloading no saturation Fig. Otherwise  , the transfer function 28 should be realized by means of switching circuits or by software. The same parameters were used for digital integration of the equations 20-27 with addition of the correction block having the transfer function given by 28. The transfer function matrix H is doubly-astic. Three parts should be deposited to the output stock St4 at 23  , 32 and 41 units of time. The human operator exerts a velocity step. Once the output utpet is calculated from ZPETC's transfer function 3  , the repetitive compensation is calculated . The following discrete time equation expresses the repetitive compensation: It is shown in figure 4. This avoids numerically unsound calculations such as inversion of transfer function matrices. In practice  , a state space approach is used to relate the measurement and thorax dynamics. is non-proper. The transfer function is assumed as the diagonal matrix  , so that the Phase deg Frequency Hz x-output y-output z-output If the follower calculate U ,  , the follower could estimate the trajectory precisely using the transfer function GI as illustrated in Chapter 2. 19. The system then displays information pertaining to self and others aggregated by these two functions via an information display interface. Identity mapping I is used as feature mapping function  , with the mapping procedure This can be viewed as a special case of transfer learning. method is specific to recommendations using random walks  , we can transfer their exponential decay function to our model as follows: While the Boldi et al. The contact stability condition imposes that the actual penetration p is positive during contact. The simplified coupled impedance transfer function obtained from 9 also focused on the frequency domain verification of transfer function models for a single-link flexible arm. 16 and Nebot et al. In many cases this range is sufficient. The analog circuit for transfer function 28 and also software procedure 30 were realized. Strain sensors mounted on the bcam surface are used to derive the bending information. The controller transfer function is redimensionalized by essentially scaling t ,he zeros and poles of the nondimensional controller. The nondimensional Laplace frequency variable is denoted by i. We prove several important properties of the finger within this framework. In Section 2.2  , we will define a basic pull action and the corresponding transfer function. We consider the finger as a programmable part feeder. Using this approach we can obtain the transfer function of a system. Lately  , a more abstract approach   , working with dioids a p p r e d . The obtained transfer function matrix is given by: To identify the unknown parameters  , we use an autoregressive moving average with exogeneous model ARMAX. Another important difference is that the transfer function model used in 4 Net tip position yt may then differ substantially from y 't and exhibit large oscillations. 2shows that the actuator signal  , r d   , can be reconstructed from the control input signal U and the identified actuator transfer function H . the characteristic equation becomes f1s=s 2 +KPs+KI. 3 of the previous section that is  , m-l=3  , the transfer function is The most rapid changes in position may be associated with the higher frequency components of the position command signal. The band pass transfer function is given by Equation An artificial ear for the auditory system would affect the spectral characteristics of sound signals. One major default mode that can alterate this function is the seizing of the pump axis. They basically transfer gas from inlet to outlet. Substituting this into the relation for Ci and simplifying gives  , This is still a nondimensional equation. MRAC was implemented into the real master device system . The transfer function of a reference model was set up as follows. The remote environment is modeled by an impedance with parallel spring-damper behavior with the transfer function 1/s + 1. The transfer function is assumed as the diagonal matrix  , so that the Phase deg Frequency Hz x-output y-output z-output Figs.5shows the resulted Bode diagram. that is simply an integrator  , Along the trajectories of Euler's equation in Choosing a first order stable transfer function leads to a compensator E. Thus  , when no torque is applied it will return to its zero position. In this section we look at the transfer function taking input current to pan and tilt angles. Figure 4depicts an example of the former. These approaches M e r from one another only in the level of abstraction. According to the precedent theory the matrix inp&-output relation is given by y = Hu  , where H is the transfer function matrix. ,  ,nn and outputs yl  , .. ,yp. First there is the transfer function representing the dynamics of the master arms Y ,. The structural model comprises a great variety of parameters. With the values of the physical and control parameters used to produce the experiment of Fig. 7is obtained  , where Tis a certain transfer function. We used the robotic system to measure gap junction function. 7b shows that a higher dose of 18-αGA inhibitor resulted in significantly shorter dye transfer distances. A maximal box around the nominal p 0 is obtained by increasing . Example 1 PI controllers with integrity: Consider a stable TITO plant G with the transfer function Once a model has been selected to represent a subsystem  , the unknown parameters identification is required. The obtained transfer function matrix is given by: which means that after k control steps the signal reaches the confidence zone. The controlled system's transfer function under perturbation becomes: The force static characteristic is single valued and would require  , for example  , an integrator to generate instability. The transfer function is then: U Here the transfer function of the motor-gear system and the controller are replaced by a simplified system for conciseness. K4. The simplified coupled impedance transfer function obtained from System passivity means that the work is always done by the external force  , without loss of the contact. We shall show that this transfer function has several desirable properties. For example  , consider the case where all the transfer function matrices in 10 are diagonal. The stability of the system can be investigated using the Routh-Hurwitz scheme. With active control  , the actuator is backdrivable. Reference 4 describes the conditions for the closed-loop stability of the system. One can find many methods to design the controller transfer function K . Alternate approaches have to be found to make the transfer function appear passive for the case when is large. This can is typically very large 7. The simulator implements a comprehensive dragline dynamic model. Although not the case here  , such data would typically be obtained from a commercial spectrum analyser. The empirical transfer function r��:� is also plotted. Con-' sider a 2D system described by the transfer function \Ve can now give a realization procedure based on the method illustrated in the above example. This experiment used a Head-Related Transfer Function HRTF method. It is known that spatialized sound may increase the sense of presence in VEs 5. Hence  , we first remove all functions and type declarations which are private to the terminal. Further  , Wang and Vidyasagar have shown in 12  that the relative degree of the transfer function relating the base torque to the tip position becomes ill-defined as the nuimber of modes included in the truncated model tends 'to infinity. It was also shown in 9  that for noncollocated position measurements  , the locations of the right half plane zeros of the resulting transfer function are highly sensitive to errors in model parameters and the distance between the actuator and the sensor. In the middle  , the solid line is the measured control signal v6  , and the dashed line the predicted controlled signal  , where the predicted signal is an output of the transfer function model when the control error e is given as an input. Figure 8 shows the predicted response of the subject using the transfer function model defined in 17  , where the measured controlled signal ys of the practised operator and the predicted signal are shown. The first two clamped-free and pinned-free frequencies computed from the analytical model agree within 10% with the measured frequencies. As shown in 131 it is found that the colocated transfer function motor tachometer is characterized by a set of alternating zeroes and poles slightly on the left of the j w axis while the noncolocated transfer function tip accelerometer is non-minimum phase with right-half plane zeros. Also note that since the load is connected to the end-effector  , both terminologies "load velocity" and "end-effector velocity" refer to v as derived by equation 2. where G is the actuator transfer function relating the input command to the actuator to the end-effector velocity; S is the actuator sensitivity transfer function relating the line tensile force fR to the end-effector velocity  , v   , A positive value for v represents a downward speed for the load. For free motion case  , the object is to find the transfer function from the motor torque to tip position of the manipulator  , and in constrained case  , we want to find the transfer function from motor torque to the force exerted by the manipulator to the environment. The system identification using orthogonal bases is applied to experimental data taken from a single flexible link manipulator in free motion and in contact. However  , it has been shown by Spector and Flashner 9 that with noncollocated measurements such as tip position  , the resulting transfer function is non-minimum phase in character. In this paper  , we described the design  , the modeling and the experimental results of our prototype of an endoscope based on the use of metal bellows. Now we have beginning to work on the identification of the servo-valve block-diagram like a fust or a second order transfer function  A V to AP   , and on the identification of the servo-valve and mechanic-system block-diagram like a third order transfer function  A V t o A d  . If Go is a transfer function mapping the open-loop robotic arm endpoint velocity v to an input  , K  , is the velocity compensator around each joint  , and so is a transfer function mapping the robotic arm endpoint velocity v to the forces f when the velocity loop is not closed  , then the closed-loop velocity control system is as shown in Figure 5. operator fh   , and the forces applied to the machine by the environment  , f  , . The first result involves characterizing transfer functions of polygonal parts and states that for every step function f   , each step having a fixed point4 strictly in its interior  , there corresponds a polygonal part PJ having f as its transfer function and vice versa. The general idea is to reduce the problem to showing the proof of completeness for polygonal parts which has already been proven 4. Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. shows the experimental and least-squaresfitted open-loop transfer functions from elbow torque command to elbow motor tachometer and to tip accelerometer outputs using an HP 3562A Dynamic Signal Analyzer for this experiment  , the shoulder motor was locked and the arm is in its unloaded configuration. We ran 200 trials and plot the mean and standard deviation of the information transfer estimate at each time step. In Figure 2we examine the accuracy and convergence of information transfer estimates as a function of time both with and without bias correction. The transfer knction from input voltage V  , to the AC component of the output voltage superimposed on the power bus line V  , is given by Figure 4illustrates the transfer function. Figure 3depicts the model of the modem circuit including the parasitic dynamics. When dealing with interval plant systems with independent coefficients one typically is interested in Kharitonov polynomials. The value of a function mapping is a member of the enumerated set FN-RETURN = { Preconditlon-Error  , Previous-Menuf Prevlous-Screen  , Master-Menu-Or-Exit  , Screen-Error }. Transfer of control from a menu to a function is specified by evaluation of a mapping whose evaluation represents execution of the function and whose value represents the state in which the system returns to the menu. Then  , after the operator released the Spaceball  , the robot arm continued its original autonomous motion without any replanning together with autonomous recovering plan. The diameter function of a part is a mapping between the part's orientation with respect to the gripper and the distance between parallel jaws of the gripper. The human force f is a function of human arm impedance H  , whereas the load force is a function of load dynamics  , i.e. , the weight and inertial forces generated by the load. The 1/0 stabilizing decoupling controller for stabilizable rational proper minimum phase and full row range systems of 9  , is used. It is shown that if the tip-position is chosen as the output  , and the joint-torque is chosen as the input  , then the transfer function of the system is non-minimum phase. In 4  , transfer functions for a single-link flexible robot have been presented. That  , is  , the peaks of t ,liis transfer function are easily identified and the variation of tlie frequency where these peaks occur admits a direct functional relat.ionship with the payload carried IJY tlie robot. The particular frequency domain profile typical of flexible iiianipulat.or transfer functions iiiade it a good candidate for on-line frequency est ,imation. Then  , the approximated cost to traverse an edge is computed by plugging a covariance at a departing vertex into the associated cost transfer function of that edge. Second  , from the initial belief  , covariances at other vertices can be computed efficiently by propagating Λ − 0 using covariance transfer functions. In the next section we present a newly developed system identification based on orthogonal basis functions. Equation 1 8 shows a twodimensional example for choice of D  s l where m l and m2  , representing the apparent masses in various directions  , are the designers choice. This behavior can be formulated a s feh= D  s l y e where D-'sl is a diagonal transfer function matrix with all members a s second order transfer functions. We assume a nicely damped transfer easily be estimated  , since the PID controller is tuned by using these two variables: Since the robot has voltage driven joint motors comparable to velocity steering  , the most important lower frequency range of transfer function of the joint can be approximated by a second-order system with a pure integrator 4. Examples of transfer statements include: method invocations that pass tainted data into a body of a method through a function parameter: updatesecret; assignment statements of a form x = secret  , where tainted variable secret is not modified; return statements in the form return secret. Conversely  , transfer statements access confidential data and propagate it without modifying it. It is well known that if actuator and sensor are located at the same point co-location then the transfer function is passive and thus it is possible to develop a very simple controller. Usually  , position controllers are developed using transfer functions from the input torque T to the tip position y. In this discussion  , we will focus on the transfer function between actuator position/velocity and the actuator force  , as the phase relationship between these will relate to our optimal spring problem. This suggests that it is possible to derive transfer functions in the frequency domain describing the dynamics of the system . Several alternate transfer functions are proposed. In this case  , since the hub inertia of the flexible link may increase over its critical value at which the passivity of the transfer function is lost  , some modifications are made in the application of original passive controller 5. Not all ICFG paths represent possible executions. The transfer function fp for a path p in the ICFG is the composition of the functions for the nodes and the interprocedural edges on the path. The closed loop frequency response is shown in figure 7. where  , controller  , and neglecting small higher order terms  , the total transfer function can be represented as the secmd order system. Since the numerators and denolminators have non odd powers of s  , the poles and zeros will be symmetric about the imaginary axis. Introducing the notion of lossless transmission line  , Anderson and Spong 8 argued that L block can be made to strictly positive real and stable transfer function. and L block includes the time delay. Applying the passivity to teleoperation  , Lawrence proved the following theorem. 'fico control is used to suppress the effect of uncertainties by minimizing the oo-norm of the system's closed-loop transfer function. For these two reasons  , it was decided to explore the concept of robust control using an 'fico controller. its inverse to be known  , the control design in conventional position controlled industrial robots can be significantly simplified if we adopt the force control law i.e. We modelled a servo motor and driver sub-system including load as a transfer function Gm  , hence we can express limited performance of load-motor-driver units. Fig.4shows the impedance control scheme. In particular  , this loop can dramatically reduce the friction felt by the operator and dramatically improve the " transparency " of a teleoperation system. We have inferred that the distribution is heavy-tailed  , namely a Pareto with parameter α ≈ 2. distribution of transfer size: Figure 1shows the complementary cumulative distribution function of the sizes of transfers from the blogosphere server. The objective function in MTL Trace considers the trace-norm of matrix W for regularization. This MTL method assumes that all tasks are related to each other and it tries to transfer knowledge between all tasks. The transfer function for the simplified continuous time system is represented as The time delay can be due to computational or communication delays in either a simulated environment display or teleoperated system. 2  , and the correspondent transfer function is: If the plasticity phenomena typical of polymeric materials is taken into account  , the force/elongation characteristic of the tendon is modeled as in Fig. The open loop transfer function is obtained through random testing with a Hewlett-Packard dynamic si nal analyzer. Here  , we use standard system identification techniques to develop an experimental model for the valve  , actuator  , system inertia  , and the force sensor. In almost all type of applications  , it would be sufficient to set Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. A secondorderdynamicwas foundsuperposed to the integral relation was found  , clearlyshowing the presence of an unnegligible structural deformation . We show that  , unfortunately  , there exist non-convex polygonal parts that despite asymmetry cannot be fed using inside-out pull actions. In the absence of any feedforward terms  , the response is governed by the poles of the transfer function. The complete closed-loop response of the system is governed by both the zeros and the poles of the system. No matter what kind of controller C we use in Figure 4   , the transfer function GI and the backdrivability G2 always keep the following relationship. However   , the improvement of the backdrivability has a liniitation . The previous transfer function 15 represents the CDPR dynamics and it depends on the pose X of the robot. Furthermore  , reference tracking is not a concern as it will always be zero in an active vibration cancellation approach. Furtlierinore  , we may assiinie that the adjacent frequency bins H  , That is  , each component of the transfer function is corrected by where 1 = 1  , ..   , N   , the forgetting factor A  , satibfies 0 < A  , 5 1  , and P  , is tlie covariance matrix. All signals within that range are amplified to near the high-end attenuation point. The low-end cut off of the transfer function is -25.7dBu 40mV and the highend attenuation point is -7.7dBu 320mV. In what follows we will ignore amplification and motor transfer function issues and assume a   ,  t  can be specified directly. , denote the plate's instantaneous acceleration   , where m   , is the plate's mass parts' masses are negligible. Thus  , by Definition 1  , the relative degree of the input-output transfer function is two  , regardless of how many modes are included. If the term J w2dm is not neglected in 13  , then j  t  = the inner and the outer loops and Qa/Tr for the proposed system  , respectively. b correspond to the Rode diagrams o f the transfer function Qa/ViVi: input voltage to the PWM amplifier for the open loop system without. The weighted inputs are summed  , and then an output Y can be obtained by mapping of transfer function f . As shown in Fig.3  , the inputs to the neuron pass through weight connections representing the synaptic strengths of the interconnections. Each grasping action corresponds to an orientation of the gripper. The object identification method here presented relies on composition and interpolation of object patterns . Transfer function data appear to have good properties in the the procedure of object identification here presented. The magnitude of A obtained from experiments is shown in Fig. Therefore  , a perfect tracking controller may cause oscillatory velocity response. The pulse transfer function under the zero order hold for a double integrator possesses a zero at -1 and is of nonminimum phase. As such  , skills do not transfer well from one environment to the next  , from one robot platform to another  , and from simulation to reality. Skill performance is a direct function of the robot mechanics  , control system  , and the local environment. The aim of the classical element and frequency response experiments is to let the shdents comprehend the concepts in control theory. 3shows the response of the inertial element circuit with the transfer function When ρ =ρ r the transfer function of vergence will become 0; in this case all types of vergence eye movements will disappear. The necessary conditions for stability of vergence eye movements are obtained from If an output variable includes strain measurements along the length of the beam  , then the controller is no longer collocated . The addition of a feedforward path would not affect stabilitylO. The arm's capability to follow a moving environment with certain contact force is investigated in this section. The transfer function relating the contact force to the commanded force F  , and the environment position X  , is: The transfer function of dynamic model is obtained as shown in equation 6. So the output of the fourth degree as dynamic model can be expressed as equation 5. the force response was directly superimposed upon the reference position trajectory. Note that this results in a different transfer function for Mx from that used in the previous works 2 ,9 where Mx was set to unity  , i.e. In this representation  , the computer  , its terminal equipment  , and the system program are treated as a black box. From this plan  , detailed operational specifications are prepared that precisely define the "transfer function" of the control system. Another field closely related to our work is transfer learning . Our approach belongs to this category  , and furthermore  , requires no dependence relation between loss function and features belonging to different domains. System poles are the roots of the denominator polynomial of the transfer function and zeros are the roots of the numerator polynomial. For a dynamic system  , continuous or discrete  , one can use system poles to determine its dynamic characteristics. The transfer function G2 presents the backdrivability of the torque control. This equation shows that the contact torque is affected not only by the reference torque but also by the motion of the environment. In this example  , we will show two different approaches to find the transfer function matrix. For the sake of simplicity  , we do not distinguish between a transition and it's corresponding state variable. We begin with the standard approach which is operational  , and uses the formal power series. The system was simulated to aid understanding of the control problem  , to identify a suitable transfer function and to determine the vision system specification. A vision servo control for a robotic sewing system has been described. To simplify the problem   , we model each axis of a machine tool as a simple second-order transfer function. Then we consider the controllers  , including servo controllers and a cross-coupled controller. The cut off frequency of the LPF is much lower than the resonance frequency of the In general  , the transfer function of a multilayer piezo is represented by the second order system. In this example  , the impedance up to the saturation frequency  , w , ,  , is significantly reduced. shows an example of the impedance for the same values used in the closed loop forward transfer function in figure 4and equation 13. 17  , are shown in Fig 5. For each input-output pair  , Golubev method is applied to derive directly a rational transfer function. Typical acceptable plant inputs  , corresponding to the acceptable plant outputs generated by Eq. This can be achieved by a classical PID-controller. In order to provide a ramp following behavior without any steady-state error  , a double integrator in the open-loop transfer function is necessary. A sinusoidal command was given and slowly swept through the frequency range of interest. We first analyze the possible configurations of the finger with respect to the part. It is well known that for collocated measurements  , the transfer function is passive and hence it is easy to stablilise the system 4. However  , with such collocated measurements  , the vibrations of the system are not controlled well enough. The angle of rotation of the actuator is the commonly used collocated mea- surement. They considered the position of the tip or that of an intermediate point as the noncollocated output. Similarly as in the implicit force control  , the transfer function GF2 should be strictly proper to ensure zero steady state force error and t o compensate for stationary impedance i.e. the diagonal compensator GFz in the form Passivity theory provides a powerful way to describe dynamically coupled systems by focusing on energy transfer 138. The remainder of this section will introduce passivity concepts using the storage function definition. Numerically differentiating position twice  , which is required for impedance causality  , could introduce substantial noise into the system making The transfer function with impedance casuality: importance of admittance causality is clear when considering virtual environments such as rigid body simulations . the person in charge For promptly sending warning messages to the person in charge  , a message delivery mechanism is designed in the Watchdog component. This function is accomplished by using the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol SMTP. For larger excursions the output current limits at Z~IABC  , providing the overall transfer function shown in Fig. Here q is the charge on the electron and IABc is the control current. Then  , it holds from the well known ztransform of a continuous system with a zero order hold that: Let H  z  be the discrete transfer function of the VCMD. Contact events including impacts  , slips  , and other unspecified sources of noise may occur at either site. Q-learning also implicitly learns the reward function . Comparisons between direct and model-based learning for efficiency and task-transfer can also be found in Atkeson and Santamaria 13  for swing up of pendulum with continuous actions. The lower part of figure 4shows a double pure integration in the transfer function for the y-coordinate. The displacement and the translation speed can be obtained from the shaft encoders. To implement this scheme we can use F F T to analyze the spectrum of both input and output during the transient period  , and calculate the transfer function N . Hence  , the transient performance can be improved. The transfer function relating the contact force to the commanded force F  , and the environment position X  , is: The block diagram of the control system is shown in Figure 5. Let the values of at the end of the lift-off and transfer forward subphases be +L It'is a function of the kinematic cycle phase variable  , +  , which is used to implement periodic gaits 1 ,4 ,10. For this design  , the global open loop transfer function of each mode is required. To complete this goal  , a controller is designed for each mode by root locus design. For a noncompliant motion Eq.5 describes a decoupled system  , which is generally not true in case of compliant motion. For the third joint of our robot the transfer function parameters are as follows: It is difficult to accurately determine the center of gravity and the moment of inertia of each leg in the tumbler system. lo  , variations in the transfer function of the controlled system should be given in advance. If we join all subsystems in accordance with the position based dynamic look and move structures we obtain the system's block diagram. The transfer function for figure 9.a is identical to equation 2  , with the same bandwidth. We consider two cases  , depending on the actuator location -at the motor figure 9.a and at the joint figure 9.b. Finally  , the last section presents some conclusions and recom- mendations. Position Sensor Based Torque Control Method Fig.2shows a block diagram of a proposed torque control system. 8 and Xr=Tr/K  , the transfer function from Tr to Qa is given by Qs/Qi Wn2/S2+2rWnStWn2  Consequently  , the actuator's dynamics can be represented by a simple transfer function: of the external wrench w and with the choice of cts. Due to a typically high gear ratio of finger joint actuators the dynamic joint coupling is negligible. Let C  0  denote the transfer function of a nondimensional controller   , such that   , Since this is an initial investigation into scaling laws for controllers   , the theory developed here is only applicable t o frequency domain controllers. Recall from Using the developed scaling laws 12  , the controller transfer function 11s scaled and applied to both of the dimensional SFL systems described at the beginning of the section. To illustrate this  , the data of Sec­ tion 4.2 Fi gure 3a» was Fourier t ransformed to give the data YjOl and UjOl shown i n Figure 4 a. F * e = 0  , the interaction impedance is the transfer function between its reaction force and the external motion that this environment 3For environment with no internal force i.e. Hence  , each free variable is set 2 and then the function INITIALIZEGLOBALS is called. Each of the expressions passed is EVALed after invoking the data transfer protocol on its arguments. Finally  , if all the operators in Figure 4are transfer function matrices  , then the stability bound is shown by inequality 25. H is chosen such that mapping Hfl is Lp-stable  , that is a1 Hfl: Lnp-Lnp The physical parameters corresponding to this transfer function are shown in Table I. 5 and 6 it is clear that the both motor and link can be operated around the natural frequency of the While most of the previously proposed control strategies for the single flexible link required only a state space model 1 ,2 ,3  , other control strategies require a transfer function for the system. Initial studies have concentrated on the single flexible link. S is a transfer function matrix that represent the compliance Ule deal with the robustness at thls stage. For any manlpulator  , wlth any type of posrtlonlng controller  , one can always arrlve at lnequallty * Is imposed on the robot end-point. The important requirement for doing this successfully is that we include in a users ontology all concepts  , which influence her ranking function. Different authority transfer weights express different preferences of the user  , translating into personalized ranking. It is clear that transparent position control can be achieved by using where k is a scale factor. Our goal is to obtain a precise position controller with high bandwidth shown in Fig. Let P s be the transfer function from the input force U to the output position L . Whenever an external force is applied to the hand controller  , the end-point of the hand controller will move in response. S is called the sensitivity transfer function  , and it maps the external forces to the hand controller position. Based on the above discussions   , the force compensator transfer-function K  s = A large admittance corresponds to a rapid motion induced by a p plied forces; while a small admittance represents a slow reaction to contact forces. The frequency response and the fittef model obtained for this system is shown in The open loop transfer function is obtained through random testing with a Hewlett-Packard dynamic si nal analyzer. It should be noted that Axdi is calculated by each follower based on the observable state of each follower AX ,. The transfer function matrix Gi is expressed as follows; Typically  , each axis will have its own servo controller to allow it to track reference inputs. The summary graph of Experiment 1 Figure 6 shows that as stifmess of virtual walls increases  , performance of the size identification task improves. The transfer function for the simplified continuous time system is represented as We now show that the transfer function resulting from our suggested output has all its zeros and poles alternatingly on the jw-axis. Practical compensators can seldom succeed in such cases. To examine the last condition of the Popov stability criterion the frequency characteristics of the above transfer function is plotted on the complex plane of Re x coordinate  , is modified based on the estimated gradient. In the case of a manipulator control  , this term have not been seriously considered since the relative speed between a robot and an environment is small. In this section  , we address the control problem of active vibration canceling of CDPR with light and flexible wires in the modal space. Since it is desired that none of the joints overshoot the commanded position or the response be critically damped  , In the absence of any feedforward terms  , the response is governed by the poles of the transfer function. The necessary conditions for stability of vergence eye movements are obtained from 4are positive  , the poles of the conjugate eye movement transfer function are always negative  , and the conjugate eye movement is always stable. We require that the transfer of commodities from the virtual source node to each node in V is instantaneous. This is represented using the time function T : Σ → R ≥ that assigns the duration T σ to each action σ ∈ Σ. The acceleration method ensures no error in the stiffness and damping terms  , but generates a fourth order transfer function which can be unstable. In all the simulation tests  , the parameters of the system are given by: I , To do so  , a spectrum analyzer is used to measure the transfer function of the amplifier driving one motor of a stationary forcer floating on the platen. The amplifiers introduce an output delay which is slightly more complicated to measure. This idea that combines attractively with the observer-based SPR design used here. All these approaches represent derivation of a loop-transfer function with SPR properties for a control object without SPR properties by means of dynamic extensions or observers. Thus  , the signal uzpet and the repetitive control input urep are stored in memory and used after one period M . From the physical parameters as shown in Table 1When we design the stabilizing compensator based on Eq. St ,ep 2: Assuming +at8 the transfer function ofcontrolled system P  s  = Tt'PV  , det ,ermine I<s  , which minimizes masimum model error rmur. One test done in surface following is to see how the contact force error changes when the environment has a sinusoidal motion. The CAMBrowser downloads and executes applications written in Simkin  , an XML-based scripting language including support for function calls  , control flow  , arithmetic and basic datatypes 38. Data transfer can happen either immediately  , or later when the phone has a connection. Then  , we express the transfer operation as a combination of remove and insert: Since W CC is a state function  , all paths from P to P ′ have the same differential. Its main function is to transfer users demands to the concerned pool and the informations possibly returned to users from the pool. So  , the GRES service is an interface between users and pools. where  , controller  , and neglecting small higher order terms  , the total transfer function can be represented as the secmd order system. This force is converted to joint level torque through link mechanism. We use a third order model of a Hydro-Elastic Actuator to investigate the closed loop forward transfer function and the impedance of the system. Further testing will also be done to experimentally verify impedance and saturation. In the latter case  , 10 becomes a scalar quantity and the stability can be studied using conventional methods. 4 where Fc is Coulomb friction force  , while sPs denotes the position control sensitivity transfer function. 13  , we can from the above equation estimate the time period needed to reach the critical point C Fig. The function @ ,x is the mode shape of the i-th mode and qit is the generalized coordinate of the system. This idea can be understood in terms of a binary scaling function. In Section 2  , we introduced map scaling as seamless transfer of information in maps from one level of detail to another. Figure 8is a block diagram of the direct controller when it is applied to an n=2  , m=l  , d=l plant. Therefore  , the proposed method is not just a specific controller design approach for a specific performance requirement. The controller is an 11th order transfer function  , which can not be found by PID control. Figure 4shows the theoretical and experimental values for the bode plot of G ,. Although equation 3 represents a transfer function for the extender position  , the extender is still under velocity control. But  , this can only be done experimentally. In idling conditions  , the following experimental transfer function was obtained: Figure Sillustratcs the Bode diagrams related to the identifi ed systems for the cases of idling condition and when the three different skin samples are grasped. This may be achieved by canceling the poles and zeros of the closed-loop system. When a desired trajectory is given  , the transfer function between the trajectory input and the actual plant output should be unity for perfect tracking. On the other hand this double integrator is necessary for ramp following behavior with a steady state error to become zero. The problem with a double integrator in the open-loop transfer function is the inherent tendency to become unstable. The position method has the important advantage of yielding a second order closed-loop transfer function and is thus always stable in the continuous-time case if the coefficients are positive. in  In the dye transfer experiments  , the membraneimpermeable HPTS dye mixing with Dextran-Rhodamine red dye was injected into a cell. where vf is the end-effector velocity and F is the contact force  , both at the point of interaction. Based on the above discussions   , the force compensator transfer-function K  s = This case occurs when both slave arm located at remote site and simulated model interact with environment . Due to system uncertainties  , the system stability and performance  , determined based on the loop transfer function given in 16  , is affected by Therefore  , the frequency Characteristics are compensated with the inverse transfer function of it  121. It is difficult to use the charge amplifier for a longer time than its time constant. Calibration data was obtained by scanning the MAST sensor across the tube bundle to obtain data for both the y and z axes. The corresponding transfer function for the plant is In a similar fashion to Section 4.1  , an electronic oscil­ lator was constructed with transfer function: The circuit was built using Rand C values designed to make 't= 1 . To assure stability  , the stabilizing compensator must be chosen in such a way that: Here  , Gz is the closed-loop transfer function of the servo  , C  z  is the stabilizing compensator and M is the repetitive controller's delay. The uncertain plant is described as the second-order transfer function This is a somewhat contrived example as it has been built to stress issues due to real parametric uncertainties. Using volume visualization techniques  , 2–dimensional projections on different planes can then be displayed. For this purpose  , first  , a transfer function maps from possible voxel values to RGBA space  , defined by colors and opacity red  , green  , blue  , alpha. Furthermore  , it creates and initializes the pools. This plan must be prepared jointly by the computer systems engineers and the eventual user of the system. By v a r y i n g t h e frequency of the rotation of the mass  , one can vary the frequency of the imposed force on the end-effector. The resulting model is quite precise and was experimentally verified 2. The identified dynamics of the valve  , the Auid  , and the force sensor are given by a 10th order transfer function with two delays. A substantial overshoot can be remarked at about 10 rad/s. Figure 3presents a bode plot which corresponds to the transfer function between Master and Slave velocities  , when the Slave manipulator is kept free along the unconstrained direction. When the wheel is moved from the desired position  , the control torque sent to the wheel attempts to drive the angular position back to zero. The closed loop transfer function governing the system's response in the NS mode is: The controller design is carried out with the aid of the root-locus method. In this case simpler controller for velocity tracking can he desioned. This approach then avoids the problem of h a v i n g a transfer function zero near the u n i t c i r c l e . We found that electrons are transferred from outer tube to the inner tube with charge transfer density of 0.002 e/Å. Using Density Function Theory DFT we calculated the charge redistribution along double walled nanotube 22 23. The same table li\ts the values of several parameters. In Fig.2  , the narrowband transfer function of the upper and lower codes are plotted; these codes are obtained from the seed signal whose parameters are listed in Tah.1. The audio signal is conditioned using a noise gating preamplifier with a variable compression amplification feature. The behavior controllers are feedforward controllers which output the original trajectories expressed by the cubic spline function shown in Fig. 7shows the transfer of center of gravity of Brachiator111 calculated from each measuring point. Let us first write the transfer function of the system dynamics for motor position θ as input and link position q as output. The parameters of the flexible-joint arm given in 1 have to be estimated as well. Therefore  , it may be true that within low frequency range  , for example until the natural frequency  , the estimated force can become a good approximate value. Once the SFL system has been nondimensionalized  , a nondimensional controller can be designed to meet the nondimensional performance specifications. Let C  0  denote the transfer function of a nondimensional controller   , such that  , This board has DMA function that transfer data at once 128~11 x l6bit ,s Table 1shows specifications of the board. We developed high speed 128ch simultaneous AD boardFig.5. Such a technique can be extended to more complex situations with larger number of unknown parameters and system states. In addition  , complete identification of the system transfer function is not needed; it suffices to estimate the varying parameters. This is the property we desire in order to make the actuator very insensitive to position inputs. Ideally the impedance should be as low as possible. We show that we can calculate the transfer function using the max-plus approach  , which seems to be more useful for large systems. The developed ER damper is attached to the arm joint. The 2-inertia system in F i g 5 can be expressed with an equivalent block diagram in Fig.6: Transfer function description of Fig.5where Where Qd is the continuously differentiable bounded desired trajectory and Fs is any relative order one  , strictly proper exponentially stable transfer function. Trajectory tracking immediately follows from the properties of Fs23: Simulation results are plotted in Figures 7-11. The transfer function of the system is then: ;   , = 10  , y : ;   , = 20 and YE;  , = 100 the resulting optimal T* is equal to 0.917s. The transfer function provides a mapping from an initial orientation of the part to a final orientation of the part for each grasping action. There are two important functions involved in deriving the grasping plans for a given part. Thus  , accurate current-based output models are difficult to develop  , and more importantly  , to invert for torque control schema. Furthermore  , induction of the magnetic circuit results in a first order transfer function that governs the behavior of the output torque. The transfer function of the LRC circuit and the resonance frequency fhyd of it is expressed by Besides the computed hydraulic resistance of the channel  , the sensor also consists of hydraulic capacities Chyd and hydraulic inertance Lhyd. The role of the current work is to lay the groundwork for the development of an efficient  , controllable swimming robot. The planner generates this path by performing a bestfirst search of the connected component using a simple distance function. However  , by construction  , these configurations are contained in the same connected component and can be joined by a transfer path. To overcome these modeling difficulties  , we performed system identification on the manipulator to determine an accurate transfer function for free and constrained motions. This makes the flexible beam equations very difficult to solve and simplifications must be made. The full-order observer is designed so as not to significantly alter the dynamics of the closed-loop system. Parameters fand k are selected so as to yield an inner loop with the same dynamics as transfer function G ,s. In a real teleoperation system it would also had in series the dynamic of the slave arm. Thus the complexity in the control design due t o the non-minimum phase dynamics typical of flexible structures is eliminated. Since the first and the second mode are in-phase mode shaped  , the phase lag at the first and the second resonance are less than -180 deg. The transfer function with impedance casuality: importance of admittance causality is clear when considering virtual environments such as rigid body simulations . Velocity will be computed using backwards difference differentiation. It has been shown that the resulting transfer function does not suffer from open RHP zeros. We have suggested the virtual angle of rotation as an alternative noncollocated output for the control of a SFL. The zero dynamics arising from the suggested measurement were shown to be stable. One simple classical compensation method is to create a dominant pole in the loop transfer function Roberge  , 1975. in open loop mode  , the response should be very underdamped since k~ may be high for a stiff environment. The experiments were run under similar conditions of load  , speed and temperature  , of a single ultrasonic motor. The difficulty in any controller design is proper modeling of the plant to be controlled. A detailed discussion can be found in If the load is negligible the actuator dynamics transfer function becomes A detailed discussion can be found in If the load is negligible the actuator dynamics transfer function becomes A brief discussion on EH servo system operation modeling is iven. The Regular Input/Output Decoupling Problem DP is solved  , z.e. , the close loop transfer function is &ago- nal. Also  , the Robust Stability Problem RSP is solved ZO  , z.e. , close loop stability is  ,-ranteed in high frequencies when uncertainties are present. The example below is an excerpt from 27 which has been modified to yield an unstable nominal system. The uncertain plant is described as the second-order transfer function Reference 22 proposed the controller synthesis approach to guarantee the closed-loop transfer function is strictly positive. The objective of passive control is to design controllers such that the closed-loop system is stable and passive. Thus  , increasing n increases the importance of achieving good transfer efficiency. Thus  , if the cost function for uniform deposition variation in film thickness or The parameter K acts as a weight for indicating the relative importance of total film accumulation in the cost function. The control system in Figure 6was used to induce step inputs and measure the robot joint's dynamic response at each temperature state. For current control  , the servo transfer function of output angle as a function of input current is taken from eq 1 as To handle our real k-gram vectors  , we first transfer each real-valued weight to a binary vector as suggested by Gionis et al. For the Jaccard function  , the LSH scheme that we use is the min-hash 12  , 8  function  , which are designed originally for binary vectors. This output has maxiniuni relative degree equal to the state space We sliow this using tlie niodel 11-12. In fact  , in view of Property 4  , we caii always desigii an output function y such that tlie associated transfer function lias no zeros i.e. , the systeni has no zero dynaniics. The observed signals are divided in time into overlapping frames by the application of a window function and analyzed using the short-time Fourier transform STFT. where x m t  , a m t  , n m t are the input signal  , acoustic transfer function of the desired source  , and noise signal with respect to m-th microphone  , respectively. There is some positive transfer between the initial learning and performance with the new reward function: the initial cost is lower and the ultimate performance is slightly better with pretraining. The dotted line shows the average of 50 learning curves where no pretraining on the original reward function had occurred. Several simplified systems were used to study the effect of hysteresis  , for example  , a constant force was subtracted to account for the effect of damping and friction but the best results as far as matching the experimental data were given by the transfer function: Hysteresis: Similar to friction and damping  , a simplified model of the hysteresis was used and the describing function computed. A closer look at the transfer function T shows that it has two zeroes at FO  , and can be well approximated b\s the following expression: As there is an intersection of the plot with the negative real axis  , the method of the describing function predicts the oscillation. In order to obtain a generic model  , the fiizzy relationships can be defined  , and the output can be writ ,ten as a generic sigmoid function f= I+e-Lz+B  , where Q determines the degree of fuzziness  , arid  ,8 deterniines the threshoid level. In Figure 1  , we compare these two quantities when γ/μ = 2 as a function of the total observation time T . Our solution was to extend PAISLey informally. One of the importance functions we consider in this paper is a decaying function  , where queries earlier in a user's context are considered less important than more recent queries. method is specific to recommendations using random walks  , we can transfer their exponential decay function to our model as follows: While coupled  , or MIMO  , controllers have an inherently greater potential for being able to uncouple a coupled system they have several potential disadvantages  , including computational complexity and they do not lend themselves to modularity. They show that the transfer function parameters vary smoothly in the work space as a function of the joint positions  , velocities  , and accelerations. As a reminder  , the neural net output function for the ith sample is described using the transfer function of each node in the jth layer of the nodes  , g j   , and the weights w ji kn on the connections between the nodes in different layers with the corresponding offsets b ji kn . 2 use a two-layer net with a single output node. Consider the pie-shaped part Fig.3 whose initial orientation is unknown. However parts with circular edges can produce ramps in the transfer function such that there is no upper bound on plan length as a function of n. In A parts feeding plan is a sequence of open loop squeezing actions specified by the orientation of the gripper. All of the subsystem commands developed for the generic MI were implemented with C++ functions and all data transfer and data conversions are handled by Orbix. With a few exceptions  , each API function has a one-to-one correspondence to an Orbix interface function. Every block traveled adds one unit to the cost function  , and each transfer contributes four units but takes a negligible time to execute. Soft time windows are used  , and K late = 50  , meaning every minute a delivery is late adds 50 units to the cost function. The constant time function 0 indeed models that the transfer of commodities from the virtual source node to each node in V is instantaneous. The partial transition function δ 0 is defined as follows: δ 0 q 0   , σ = q 0 for any σ ∈ Σ 0   , and undefined otherwise. If the transfer function is represented in the frequency domain as the closed-loop transfer funcl ion  , Hs  , from the exogenous inputs to the regulated outputs  , is obtained as: If the system performance can be represented by functions in terms of Hs  , multiple specific ,ltions for the system are formulated in a uniform format. Z is the regulated outputs which are controlled or regulated. Also  , these well-known specifications such as overshoot  , peak time  , and tracking error  , etc. , are proven to have convex properties SI. Two types of transfer are possible:  from one traditional function to another  , for example  , the number of employees working in distribution will be potentially increased by incoming personnel from the sales department;  from traditional work functions to new ones  , for example to positions related to the management and operation of the electronic environment e.g. There is the possibility that many enterprises will require existing personnel to transfer to different work functions in order to capitalize on their enterprise-specific experience. Responsible digital curation is much more than preservation of bits. For example  , many of the activities that the Reference Model for an Open Archival Information System OAIS 1 places within the Ingest function can be important and valuable to carry out  , not only during transfer to an archives  , but also during system design  , creation  , active use  , within the preservation environment  , during transfer to a secondary use environment and within the secondary use environment. In particular  , Vidyasagar presented a transfer function of the flexible heam based on the Euler-Bernoulli model that has the nice property to be passive  To evaluate the performance of different architectures including the behavior of the operator  , it is common to use a group of people working on a certain task 2224. Transfer functions for this type of system were then studied and other improvements introduced. In order to get a smooth output and the less settling time  , we consider that the transfer functions matrix relative to the designed output is given by: The objective of this method is to calculate the closed loop transfer function matrix which minimise the integral squared error between the output of the robotic subsystem and a desired output @d. Of course  , the controller depends on the desired output. It was also shown in 7 that for any given values of hub inertia atnd beam inertia  , a passive transfer function can be obtained by using a properly weighted reflection of the tip position as the output. Later  , Pota and Vidyasagar 7 used an assumed modes approach to show that such an output would result in a passive  , and hence  , a minimum phase transfer function provided that the hub inertia is very large or very small in the special case of a uniform beam compared to the beam inertia. The meaning of the data-transfer cost-function C T t  , g 1   , g 2  is relative to the current execution site: when g 1 is the current execution site and g 2 is a remote execution site  , the function result represents the cost of sending the parameter data from the current site remotely; conversely when g 1 is a remote execution site and g 2 is the current execution site the function result represents the cost for the current execution site to receive the parameters data. The data-transfer cost function reports costs only when one of the two execution sites involved in the link is the current site and the other site involved in the link is a remote site. The t's necessary to generate a parser's time-formula may be chosen interactively using a variant of Kirchhoff's law 9 which is applicable to grammar rules. Instead  , these formulas express the execution time not only as a function of the time to perform elementary operations e.g. , push  , pop  , transfer  , tests  , but also as a function of nt~ the number of times a terminal t appears in an input string to be parsed. Once the frequency responses of the impedance felt by the operator and the stiffness of the environment had been determined  , the magnitude of the frequency response of the transparency transfer function was calculated by taking the ratio of the magnitude of the impedance felt by the operator to the magnitude of the environment stiffness at each particular frequency using the equation: This approach to frequency-based stiffness identification was implemented through the Spectrum function in MATLAB The Mathworks  , Inc. Logging occurs by means of the LOG function line 8  , where the first argument is the new error encountered  , which is linked to the second argument  , that represents the previous error value. Different mechanisms exist  , of which ASML uses the explicit control-flow transfer variant: if a root error is encountered  , the error variable is assigned a constant see lines 6 − 9  , the function logs the error  , stops executing its normal behaviour  , and notifies its caller of the error. Here the upper indices index the node layer  , and the lower indices index the nodes within each corresponding layer. This reward function gives relatively more priority to reducing the distance to the goal than to reducing the size of the command  , and the robot will apply larger torques to reduce the distance to the goal more quickly. The first two rules generate the predicate concepts corresponding to preconditions prec from a SPM  , where the function gc : T → CONC is used to generate the concept corresponding to a given term and the function gcc : PR CC → CONC is used to generate the concept corresponding to a given precondition predicate: The developed rules use the ← r operator to denote set reunion and the ← a operator to denote a value transfer. In the Item Constraint   , a similarity function is needed to measure the similarity of two items. The definition of EMI will help identify the case that resellers change the content of listings as well as the resale activities coming through account transfer. Control then passes to the host partition with the message: FunctionCall INITIALIZEGLOBALS NIL. The remote procedure call function simply transfers control to the other partition through the control protocol  , which causes the free variables to be sent before the actual control transfer occurs. Secondly  , when each design team turned to the problem of realizing their switching or transfer function or state table  , there would be many more analytical techniques at their disposal. Of course once one began to put the system together some interblock dependences generally called loading  , would occur  , but many fewer then in a software design of equivalent scale. The advantage of the proposed technique is that the controller dynamics are not computed in terms of the system parameters as is the case with self-tuning regulators . We point out some design constraints on the configuration of the coils and the permanent magnets  , and discuss briefly calibration and accuracy of the motor. First  , the compensating signal which counterbalances the influence of friction force and parameter change is generated using an idea of disturbance observer . In the frequency range where 1 -QZP1  , = 0  , the influence of F ,/A vanishes and the transfer function between P , ,f and s X is described as The elbow joint is analyzed exclusively in the following discussion because it was representative of the procedure used for all of the Schilling Titan I1 joints and it exhibited the most severe control challenges. make the response of the motor position much faster than the response of the tip position control loop outer loop in Figure 1. After compensating for the friction and coupling torque  , the transfer function between the angle of the motor and the current is given by described in the previous section and closing the outer loop by a PID controller Es  , the following transfer function can be derived: 2 Beyond the torque capacity of 150mN m  , the hybrid actuation is associated with saturation in position control bandwidth at a certain frequency due to the time constant of joint and muscle dynamics. Although the main intended application of the apparatus is for in vivo experiments in physiology and for microsurgery  , in this phase we elected not to make tests with animals for ethical reasons. In idling conditions  , the following experimental transfer function was obtained: In the line of thought of this paper  , we would like to determine a discrete subset of configurations  , and a basic action which defines a transfer function for the subset of configurations. If we extend inside-out pulling to inside-out grasping  , we have to take into account one extra degree of freedom of the device: the width of the gripper. The strain gage output data were sampled at 20 kHz digitally using an IBM PC/XT with a METRABYTE Dash-16 data acquisition hardware. To verify the transfer function of the link in time domain  , a step input of 75 volts was applied to the actuator. Since the controller gives a new degree of freedom to modify the transfer functions GI and G2 independently  , this is called a two degrees of freedom 2DOF controller. 0 E-Mail when detecting abnormal power consumption of an appliance  , the Watchdog component may need to send the person in charge an e-mail that contains messages about the appliance information  , power-consumption status  , working current  , occurrence time  , etc. The likely cause for this disagreement is due to the inaccurate modeling of the human arm dynamics  , E  , and the human sensitivity transfer function  , sh. Since the extender usually consists of both constrained and unconstrained maneuvers  , inequality 43 of the unconstrained system. Note that the amplifier dynamics can be reasonably modeled by a constant delay time as long as the lowest frequency poles and zeros are above the driving frequencies of interest. The Coupling Matrix Q is a function of the manipulator's configuration and is a measure of the system's sensitivity to the transfer of vibrational energy to its supporting structure. On the Coupling Map  , areas of relatively high coupling   , or hot spots  , are represented by darker lines and areas of relatively low coupling  , or cool spots  , are represented by lighter lines. The model is geometrically scalable and represented in a form of infinitedimensional transfer function relating the bending displacement wz  , s of IPMC beam to the voltage input V s. Chen and Tan recently derived a control-oriented yet physics-based model for IPMC actuators 14. Given an initial series of computation to construct ξ ij and a starting covariance Λ 0 = Λ s i as an input parameter  , repeated queries of the effect of a series of controls and observations can be calculated efficiently. Thus  , the matrix ξ ij   , which is defined as a covariance transfer function  , is computed once using a simulation of the control law π ij . The paper comprises three major sections  , each dealing with one of the dynamic effects mentioned above. For a high performance system with an end-effector mounted camera  , mechanical vibration in the structure will be part of the overall closed-loop transfer function. Figure 6shows the measured and fitted transfer function from motor to camera position  , lated response of the motor position and the camera position respectively. We will now incorporate the mechanical dynamics into the model to determine their effect on closed-loop performance. The effects of the environmental changes combine to produce a transfer function for the overall system which is constantly varying depending on the task being performed. For example  , environmental changes might include: the variation in inclination of the axis with respect to gravity; varying reflected inertia as a result of payload changes; externally applied forces; etc. , etc. At last Spliced fiber is reinforced by the reinforcing membersFig.8 and it is brought out. The transfer hands have a function to be able to give a tensile force to the fiber  , thereby ensuring the fiber is straight and not break at all. As shown in fig.8  , the method of the force controller design based on the frequency characteristics using the impedance parameters is effective for the suppression of the disturbance. Fig.7shows the transfer function Gdi ,t  , and fig.8shows the simulation result. An integral control term also serves to eliminate the presence of an algebraic loop in the closed-loop transfer function. As will be discussed in III. D  , this allows us to limit the bandwidth of our controller to be below the natural frequencies of the catheter itself. In contrast  , the positional error of the developed micro transfer arm is represented in a simple form as a function of only arm length. was defined at joint A as shown in In general  , a quantitative evaluation of the positional error in the entire workspace of a multi-articulated manipulator is rather difficult due to the complicated kinematic formulae. is the projector to screen intensity transfer function  , A is the ambient light contribution which is assumed to be time invariant  , When occluders obstruct the paths of the light rays from some of the projectors to the screen  , 2  , diminishes and shadows occur. where Ijt is the corresponding source pixel intensity set in projector j at time t  , Sj . Some drawbacks of the identification of single flexible link manipulators using ARMA type models have been previously reported 4  , 51. For the 5-bar linkage robot with only horizontal vibrations  , described in 27   , it has been shown that  , assuming no damping  , the transfer function from the base motor torque to reflected output is passive27. Thus  , by the Passivity theorem  , a P D controller can provide very good vibration control. We selected a 3rd- order Go so that the output of the controller is continuous. In order for the controller to be proper the order of the denominator of the transfer function is larger than that of the numerator  , the order of GD must be larger than 2. The meet-over-all-valid-paths solution MVP n for a CFG node n describes the variable values immediately before the execution of n. This solution is defined as A digitized mono audio stream can be convoluted with an artificial HRTF to create a stereo audio stream that reproduces the timing  , frequency and spectral effects of a genuine spatial sound source. The effects described above  , and many more  , can be modeled by a Head-Related Transfer Function HRTF 15. Variable δ ctxt is the context of review r as defined for polarity  , and we use the same transfer function from Equation 5 to connect δ ctxt to the rank-based measures of global and local context. For each position p  , we model the " normal " amount of attention a review at this rank gets using the parameter zp. components  , the BASL specification for each selected AI is retrieved from the abstraction library and compiled into a Java class that implements the AI's abstraction function and abstract operations. Abstraction selections conflict when two abstract values appear as operands in an expression and there is no meaningful way to transfer information between those values. A single cost function has to be found that combines the costs of dgebraic operations and the transfer of data between subsequent operations in a unique fashion. Therefore  , a combined optimizer must consider re6rercer of algebraic expressions that are dependent from each other. For perfect transparency  , the transmitted impedance should be the same as the environment impedance. In practice  , sufficient transparency would be such that the magnitude of the transparency transfer function Gt = CIC2 and the phase is zero within a bandwidth larger than the sensory and motor bandwidth of the operator. Figure 6shows the Nyquist plot of the three different rotary joint plant models representing the nominal plant described by the transfer function of Eq. which can be modified to account for major temperature variations by changing the numerator by plus and minus 20%. There is a great subclass of timed Petri nets  , called timed event graphs  , which can be formalised in the max algebra in the form of the state equation. The servo control was implemented by integrating a high speed low resolution vision system with the cell controller  , and it was applied simultaneously with a tension servo control. The experimental setup included all components of the control system because we wanted to find the transfer function of the entire control system. The same setup was used to find the open and closed loop frequency response of the motor mounted on a test-stand and for the Xaxis of the Precision Assembly Robot.   , the discrete transfer function of the simplified controller can be written as  on the horizontal air table with minimal friction. If the motor dynamics are cancelled  , then An outer loo to control the tip position was also closed in 5 ,9 however  , since we want to drive the a.rm in an open loop manner  , this loop is not closed in this paper. For any basic action for inside-out grasping  , we woiild like to show that the corresponding transfer function is monotonic. Similar to squeezing with a parallel jaw gripper  , the first step in analyzing this basic action could be to consider the degenerate case in which both fingers of the gripper touch the part simultaneously   , and there is no pull phase. This way we can assume that the whole robot structure has the equivalent transfer function 9 for every given position an for each motor at a time. Second  , the mechanism actuates orthogonally over the tip load so that actuators never work in opposition with one another in the way that is usual in conventional robots. As the system under consideration is a distributed parameter system  , a lineax finite-dimensional model obtained by modal truncation procedures has been used in 3 and by most other researchers. The control design problem is to find a rational transfer function G ,s that meets the requirement 7 and guarantees asymptotic and contact stability. Since the resulting impedance of such a system is lower than the minimal constituent impedance  , the role of the control block G  , becomes clear  , and it is the reduction of the high contact impedance of a position controlled robotic system. The 2-inertia system in F i g 5 can be expressed with an equivalent block diagram in Fig.6: Transfer function description of Fig.5where Figure 5shows a block diagram of a one-link robot arm which consists of a moter  , an arm and an ER damper. This conclusion is consistent with the phase-plane charts  , that revealed low frequency drifts  , while Finally  , we analise the influence of the excitation upon the fractional order transfer function. In conclusion  , these results are coherent with the previous experiments but a deeper understanding of the relations between the chaos and fractional-order dynamics must still be further explored. We express the characteristic of safety strategies for minimizing the impact force by using a block chart  , which is popular in the control field. The motivations of demote operation is as follows: making those queries that the evaluation function classifies as future cache hits stay in the cache longer. Demote operation: it is used to transfer evicted query results pages from the controlled cache to the uncontrolled cache rather than out of the query results cache directly. Figure  12shows the experimental set-up for measurement of S. The rotating mass exerts a centerifugal sinusoidal force on the tool bit. For measurement of the sensitivity transfer function matrix  , the input excitation uas supplied by the rotation of an eccentric mass mounted on the tool bit. Simulated responses of the experimental setup to 20 N disturbance force stcp are shown in Fig. This leads to the assumption of a constant transfer function for H at low frequencies where contact forces are small for all values of hand controller position. On the other hand  , at low frequencies in particular at DC  , since the operator can follow the hand controller motion comfortably  , he can always establish almost constant contact forces between his hand and the hand controller. On the other hand  , as 5 increases  , U also greatly increases because the subject needs large force to control the robot. In order to transfer the knowledge smoor;hly  , the state spaces in both the previous and current stages should be consistent with each other. The action value function in the previous fitage works as a priori knowledge so as to accelerate the learning. Atkeson and Schaal 11 describe work in which a reward function and a model for a task are learned by observing a human demonstratc thc task. Learning by demonstration LBD involves the transfer of skill knowledge from a human or robot demonstrating a task solution and an observing agent. The control law that implements the deiired impedance of the master arm can be obtained by solving for the acceleration in and substituting it into the master arm dynamics. In this sense  , we can represent the transfer function of the block force  , the internal force due to the interaction with the human arm  , the desired master arm inertia  , and the damping parameters respectively. The problem with this implementation is that it generates a steady state . In order to test the effectiveness of the impedance controller with a single d.0.f. A closer look at the transfer function T shows that it has two zeroes at FO  , and can be well approximated b\s the following expression: However  , due to the presence of random noise in the measurement  , the result of the transfer function was not exactly the same for each task. The transient performance has been dramatically improved as indicated in the error power spectrum as well as the error plot in the time domain. Note that the sign of effort and flow variables has been chosen such that the effort is forcing the flow inside the system . H I Z is the transfer function between velocity at motor d  , and velocity at the end-effector V when the motor is free T  , = 0. The reflected output is the rigid joint position minus the elastic deflection of the tip of the flexible link32. Other types of kinematic correspondence between the master and slave can be realized by setting the proper transfer function G. A perfect rate control of a teleoperator system It is clear that transparent position control can be achieved by using where k is a scale factor. Manipulator vibration due to structural and drive compliance8 has also been largely ignored in the literature on visual servoing. Results for this example system have sliowii that  , practically speaking  , a n y class of desired hacking trajectory t.hat. Therefore  , the positional error can be clearly evaluated wherever the end of the arm is located in the workspace. One can design a positioning compensator to develop a tracklng system such that the closed-loop system IS always robust to the bounded uncertalnties In the open loop dynamlcs of the robot. The mutual exclusion relation is simply the diagonal set of Σ 0 × Σ 0   , meaning that different events in Σ 0 could fire simultaneously. The manufacturing system considered in this paper consists of two cells linked together by a material system composed of two buffers A and B and a conveyor. An example of aplying the equivalent transfer function for minimizing the size of a SPN a Where: The interaural transfer function ITF ˆ I is defined by the ratio between the left-and right-HRTF: The HRTFs are mainly determined by the shape of the head  , pinna and torso of the listener  , e.g  , the robot-mounted dummy-head in our case. Exception raising is the notification of an exception occurrence. In this case  , the error is the difference between the setpoint and the measured value and the control signal is the dimmer value in the next time interval. where Cz is the transfer function from the error to the control signal. Equation 14 shows that the plant transfer function is a fourth order system with an integral term. Second  , the input to make chamber A fully filling  , xaf  , is 0.4  , and the input to make chamber B fully filling  , xbf  , is -0. Given projection sets  , we present a simple 01 time test that would classify an orientation as being a local maxima  , local minima  , or end point of a constant diameter region. At frequencies greater than 4 mHz the transfer function phase is close to 180 degrees  , thus making the shaping state estimate out of phase with the input observation. It can be seen that above 0.15 mHz GPS information is transferred from position to the shaping state. It is interesting to observe the robustness of the system to errors in estimated sensor noise variance. Tables 3 and 4 present the achieved results for transfer and copy CPs by running our method using the local ranking function. To analyze the results comparing the proposed rankings  , we retain the maximum value of the similarity threshold  , i.e. , τ = 0.85  , that optimizes the performance of the GR denoted as baseline MAX . sign that we chose to undertake when the leg phase alternates between support and transfer. In this approach  , the actual contact forces shall be available via force sensors and assigned to be the desired vector Z  , such that the objective function as shown in Eq. To validate our modeling efforts  , the magnitude of the transfer function from the torque wheel voltage input to the accelerometer voltage output   , with the hub PD loop active  , is shown in Fig. Having attained a very accurate kinematic parameters  , the analytical and experimental models matched very well. The motion of the hand controller end-point in response to imposed forces f is caused by either structural compliance in the hand controller or by the compliance of the positioning controller. The ratio of the rotation of the motor t o the input command represents the maqnitude of G a t each frequency. The model transfer function SM mapping from V m to ufl so as to shape the environment compliance reflected to the local site is chosen as follows: Thus where 2 1   , =  Kum  Since no distinction has been made between free motion and constrained motion  , the controller Ku has designed so as to track vs to w  , in advance. In this paper a set of operator models .was generated. Table 1shows the experimentally determined transfer function for the elbow joint of the left Titan I1 slave manipulator. These problems have led to the search for alternative noncollocated measurements. The block diagram of this control system is illustrated in Figure 6. 3 taking its Laplace Transform as follows: 4 we can express the angular position of the motor shaft related with the aneular disulacement of the rollers: that is  , afterwards  , the transfer function of the scrollic gripper relating the applied voltage to the angular displacement of the rollers. The fulfillment of the second objective allows us to substitute the inner loop by an equivalent block whose transfer function is approximately equal to one  , i.e. , the error in motor position is small and is quickly removed. After compensating for the friction and coupling torque  , the transfer function between the angle of the motor and the current is given by This is done by adding  , to the control current  , the current equivalent to these torques and is given by where C is the stiffness of the arm. In the heat exchanger assembly  , the z axis of robot motion is independently controlled with a constant velocity command  , which causes no instability  , while the x axis is controlled by position controller where the reference input  , i.e. To examine the last condition of the Popov stability criterion the frequency characteristics of the above transfer function is plotted on the complex plane of Re Heat transfer and temperature distributions during welding are complex and a solution to the equations is dependent on the thermal conductivity  , specific heat and density of the mass as a function of temperature. The heating effect  , called the heat content is defined as: 7should be inserted as closely as possible to the desired point of force measurement. The system is governed by a second-order differential equation and has the transfer function log W/Wn When a force sensor is inserted at the wrist of a robot Fig. The max-plus model used for the computation of the first component of the transfer function matrix comes from the marking of the Petri net at time zero  , w l c h has been already described We need 10 initial conditions to determine the evolution of the net. We can continue in this manner and get the initial state vector. Computing a spatial path that achieves these objectives analytically demands the knowledge of a deposition rate function that provides a relationship between the spatial location of the applicator with the spray gun and film accumulation on the surface. Thus  , a framework for achieving the twofold objectives of uniform deposition and good transfer efficiency is provided. The electrothermal actuators used in the AFAM can be represented by a first order transfer function 13 with a typical thermal bandwidth of 50Hz. In fact  , the motion resolution of the AFAM is expected to be below 10nm  , which corresponds to the reported resolution of thermal MEMS devices. Therefore  , the only parameter to%e estimated and used as input t ,o the fuzzy controller was the fundamental frequency of the beam. It is possible t o parametrize all the compensators that stabilize the plant P using the following theorem. The transfer function from u=ul u2 t t o e=el e21t is By definition  , the compensator C stabilizes the plant P if Il+PC 1#0 and all the elements of H  P   , G  are stable. The %bust Perfornlance Problem RPP 20 is solved  , c.e. , the disturbance attenuation in low frequencies   , from the input reference to the output is tackled. However  , it is at the cost of the system stability robustness with respect to the ununiform plant model perturbation in high frequency subhands. Tlus is &re powerful than the single rate control scheme in manipulating t.be system loop transfer function for achieving some performance specification. Most proposed teleoperation modeling works adopt the term F * e to represent the environment internal force as shown in Fig. F * e = 0  , the interaction impedance is the transfer function between its reaction force and the external motion that this environment The control of a flexible link based on its passive transfer function is just like the control of a rigid link even though the sensor and the actuator are located at different positions along the link. Simulation results indicate that the new selected outputs can guarantee the passivity of the flexible link. A summary of the hydrodynamic models developed by von K a r m h and Sears  , and Lighthill has been presented and has been applied to the investigation of elastic energy storage in a harmonically oscillating foil in a free stream. The transfer function of the control system developed from the Eitelberg's method shown in Fig. The PI controller then generates the control signal Us to control the output response Cs referred to the reference input Rs  , and to regulate the disturbance. Unfortunately  , to use Popov's stability theory  , one must construct a strict positive real system transfer function matrix  , but this is a very tedious work. In his method  , stability ana lysis about the whole system is established on the basis of Popov's stability theory. Hydraulic position control loop design shown in Figure 4. fitted two human gait motion law   , according to structural dimensions of the knee joint bones to calculate the hydraulic cylinder piston rod desired position Yexp. After circuit equivalent treatment  , hydraulic cylinders  , the equivalent position of the transfer function expressed as: It was especially mentioned that robots  , which are indistinguishable from humans  , might cause problems due to a transfer of emotions towards them. " If it has a function then it should fulfill it the best way possible and I do not think that humanlike appearance is feasible for all aims. " Furthermore  , the XSLT function library  , which is part of SCX  , allows for convenient navigation of the relationships between schema component  , for example traversal of the type hierarchy. Had the transformation to be carried out on the XML transfer syntax  , many of those component properties would need to be collected cumbersomely. Unless specified otherwise  , for illustration purposes  , in each of the experiments  , the actual query load is a batch of b = 20 queries web session identification. The function returns a data set composed of multiple separate tuples for each identified web session one tuple per session containing additional aggregate statistics e.g. , average inter-click delay  , data-transfer sizes. To tackle this issue  , we resort to a technique called surrogate modeling or optimization transfer  , which approximates the original objective using a majorization/minorization function that is analytically or numerically efficient to compute. Solving this exactly is only possible for very small test collections. The block diagram and associated documents would contain various "summary" design specifications such as transfer functions  , switching functions   , state tables  , apportioned sybsystem reliability goals  , etc. Paths through the block diagram would constitute operation of the entire system  , operation in a particular mode  , or operation of a major function. Therefore  , if the revolution of one roller is reduced some obstacle or problem  , the revolution of one of the other rollers is increased by the function of the differential gear  , and we can correctly transfer the motor power to the endoscope. l  , the revolution of the motor is always equal to the total revolution of the shaft tips. Using the developed scaling laws 12  , the controller transfer function 11s scaled and applied to both of the dimensional SFL systems described at the beginning of the section. Now that a nondimensional controller has been designed   , it remains to be seen how this controller will perform in the dimensional domain on actual SFL manipulators . In a recent paper a virtual angle of rotation is suggested as an alternative output 6  and it is shown that the zerodynamics of the system arising from this output is stable. This paper is focused on estimating the joint stiffness which is the major source of flexibility in many applications . However  , most of the investigations do not underline the difficulty to estimate the physical parameters of the system using the identified state space or transfer function model. So  , we can rewrite eq. Hence  , similar to the basic push action 7  , 111  , the basic pull action serves as a basis for a transfer function for a part feeder which uses pull operations to orient parts to a unique final orientation. In this section  , we define a basic pull action  , which maps a equilibrium configuration of the finger onto another equilibrium configuration for a given pull direction. In practice  , sufficient transparency would be such that the magnitude of the transparency transfer function GI is unity and the phase is zero within a bandwidth larger than the sensory and motor bandwidth of the operator. Specifically  , perfect transparency in the single degree-offreedom case requires that Gl=I. Since the highest working bandwidth of the system is below 100 Hz  , a transfer function of a model of the input-output torque based on the experimental data between O-LOOHz is identified. 3 show the magnitude and phase plot of inputoutput torque for three different amplitudes of sinusoidal signal. The service activation and execution function report costs only when the execution site referred in the grounding parameter of the functions is the current execution site. Also the service specifies the three cost functions C G   , C T and C S for service activation  , data-transfer and service execution  , costs relative to the current execution site. Please note that the execution cost could include the cost of transfering parameter data between an execution site and a " local " service. We consider these cost values as edge weights  , and therefore the Dijkstra's search can be applied to find a trajectory with the smallest cost-to-go. For a robot a significant proportion of the environmental changes are known and can be predicted in advance from the task program which the user defines via the supervisory computer. These constraints are called QFT bounds and are usually shown on the Nichols chart 12 . The above design specifications can be translated into constraints on the nominal openloop transfer function  , Lojw = PojwCjw where Po@ is the nominal plant frequency response. The basic mathematical models of both photo and acceleration sensors are simply a 2 Focusing on the acceleration sensor  , using parameters inferred the datasheet for accelerometer ADLXSO provided by Analog Devices 2. Using this value for C in the derived transfer function Sen is defined as the sensitivity of the extender position  , U  ,   , in response to E ,= 200s + 2100 lbf/rad We choose ' c  , = 0.1 so the bandwidth of H1 becomes the same as of E , Note that the ffmith's principle can be applied independently of a particular form of manipulator controller and  , therefore  , other form of a manipulator controller can be chosen as well. Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. This is quite opposite to what has been chosen in the minimisation for the DLS law in Eq.5 and hence the necessity for λ. Notice that the control input is significantly smoother than the one in Fig. Based on the closed loop poles and zeros as given in the previous section  , the closed loop transfer function is written as Fig.15shows the performance of the experimental system when zero phase tracking control. Now K stands for the equivalent stiffness of the whole structure and L becomes equivalent to the radial coordinate of the tip. That is  , first  , the open loop transfer function G , ,Note that the travel  , traverse  , and hoist motions of the crane can be independently controlled using the position servo controller 15. In the figure  , X , ,  , X   , and D  , denote the In this study  , the position servo controller K ,s is designed by using the loop shaping method9. The fuzzy-logic controller is adopted as an anti-swing controller. was implemented using the real-time software developed by Christini and Culianu 26 The system is stable  , so exponential weighting is nei­ ther required nor used. In a similar fashion to Section 4.1  , an electronic oscil­ lator was constructed with transfer function: Example 1 PI controllers with integrity: Consider a stable TITO plant G with the transfer function V. EXAMPLES For clarity  , we begin with an example of design of a set of box-like stabilizing Proportional-Integral PI controllers with integrity for a TITO system. A final orientation of a part is a stable orientation where at least one edge of the part is aligned with the gripper when fully grasped with a frictionless parallel jaw gripper. Noting that the transfer function in 0-space between applied torques and resulting accelerations is nearly diagonal  , we treat the system as though it  , is two decoupled  , second order systems. The motor characteristics were based upon the Pitt ,nmn Elcom 4113 motor. the transfer functions of the PMBLDC motor  , drive  , speed and current controllers respectively. While designing controllers it is usual practice to design the current and speed controllers sequentially  , starting from the inner loop  , the resulting inner closed loop transfers function designated as As previously  , we define a transfer function between the inter distance and the additional risk. If the decelerations of the two vehicles are close  , from the two previous equation  , we can say that additional risk is mainly resulting of the parameter γT r . Besides the reference and value dependency sets in this table  , the static types of these values should also be calculated as defined in the language specifications. After circuit equivalent treatment  , hydraulic cylinders  , the equivalent position of the transfer function expressed as: Through to the piston rod position control   , the actual angle of rotation and knee expected change when human leg gait movement keep consistent to achieve the purpose of humanmachine coordination. The first layer input layer only consists of weights and each neuron is associated to one input variable of the dataset. Each neuron receives as input all the outputs from the previous layer  , and applies a specific weight and a transfer function to this input  , to then pass this result to the neurons in the next layer. The first term corresponds to costdata|model  , which are the cost to transfer the labels of each continuous point  , and the rest corresponds to penaltymodel  , which describes the coding book of labels and necessary delimiters. Formally  , we denote the goodness function based on MDLP as GF MDLP . However  , since participation is symmetric in δ ctxt   , we use its absolute value. However  , as software evolves  , the maintenance problems with cross-cutting concerns still exist  , even in the aspectized programs or the programs developed with AOP from the beginning . Privileged statements modify the value of a passed tainted data and/or derive new instances of tainted data. In standard industrial practice  , the information for the automatic cycle of a high volume transfer line is represented by a " timing bar chart " . Because the performance metric of a machining system is the cycle time in normal operation   , only the auto mode function of a logic controller will be considered in this paper. The key idea in the formulation  , therefore   , is to describe the relationship of the beginning and completion times of an operation with those of the previous and subsequent operations. In view of the lot related objective function  , it is not necessary to model the movement of individual transfer lots. The simplest forward transfer-function matrix to achieve these objectives is where IC = diag ,{k ,} is a constant nxn matrix to be determined . This ensures that each reference trajectory will affect only the corresponding joint angle and that robust steady-state tracking occurs for a class of reference trajectories and torque disturbances  , as will be discussed later. Experimental results were obtained using a five-bar robot5 with one of the side joints locked to simulate a single flexible link with a shoulder joint. The determined discrete transfer function from the base motor amplifier input voltage to the reflected output is mapped to the continuous plane using a ZOH to allow for continuous time H  , design. Assuming perfect transfer from spring storage into kinetic energy  , the impact may be modeled as follows: the hip for natural pitch stability. The energy stored in the leg is a function of thrust motor angle and is independent of the impact state. These discontinuities in the past caused large control impulses to the system. As indicated in lo  , using the minimum force objective function  , the force setpoinl  , solutions for all supporting legs show major discontinuitien whenever the leg phase alternates between support and transfer. The function of the mapping transitions is to transfer the token' s color c  , to a predefmed color cz  , i.e. , after firing the mapping transitions  , the color of the tokens that enable this type of transition is transferred to the predefined color of other kind. In the CTPN model  , the mapping transitions are drawn as m. The other enabling and firing rules of the mapping transitions are the same as the ordinary transitions. Based on several experiments  , the best estimates for the author's hand sensitivity is presented by equation 7. We here design an observer to estimate higher-order derivatives of the actual object position X   , . In the following discussion  , we design an observer for 2 which is x-axis element of n o m 8  , the transfer function from Xd to z can be The simulated camera position is quite oscillatory  , but the motor position curve D is only slightly different to the multi-rate simulation without mechanical dynamics curve C. Figure 6shows the measured and fitted transfer function from motor to camera position  , lated response of the motor position and the camera position respectively. Under the time delay of T   , moreover  , this system promises to produce the goal response of the system z ,t -T without affecting system stability in a delay-free environment. When there exist no modeling errors  , i.e. , G ,  , = G  , and z ,  , = z ,  , the control structure shown in Fig.4guarantees to achieve the goal transfer function  , Ggoal  , given by 14. While this order is good for reducing transfer time  , it is preferable to fetch fragments in their storage order when the goal is to reduce seek cost. In our policies so far we have used a ranking function based on join size for determining the order in which fragments are fetched from a loaded platter. While there is still a hope that an elegaut combined solution cau be found  , we have decided to follow the classical separate approach. Defining the I-space and a continuous mapping from I-space onto W-space. A mapping from capability space to resource space expresses the fidelity profiles of available applications. A mapping from capability space to utility space expresses the user's needs and preferences. As described by Heck- bert Hec86   , the traditional graphical texturing problem comprises mapping a defined texture from some convenient space called the texture-space   , to the screen-space. Texture generation and mapping has received considerable attention in graphics. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Example. Let R be the orientation mapping from the surface-space to the world-space The object's surface-space can thus be mapped to world-space. This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. T ?iEW.flT J  , . For homogeneous robots  , it is the mapping From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. We call this new space the reduced information space and the mapping from the information space onto it the aggregation map. Among the many possible ways of choosing a partition   , one solution is to choose a particular function mapping the information space onto a smaller tractable space. The radial distance between the camera and target  , as measured along the optical axis  , factors into this mapping. Tracking by camera pan requires mapping pixel positions in the image space to target bearing angles in the task space. This fixed mapping gives more flexibility to the k-mer feature space  , but only increases the size of the feature space by a constant factor of 2. Thus  , the fixed 3  , 1 wildcard mapping of abc is {abc  , a*c}. The tangential space mapping where V s 7 is tlie gradient function for 7. and Veep is tlie tangential space mapping of the kinematic function' . because it is com- Differentiating tlie where D denotes the differential operator. the arm is in constant contact with the obstacle . Mapping transforms the problem of hashing keys into a different problem  , in a different space. The overall Mapping- Ordering-Searching MOS scheme is illustrated in Figure   2. Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. Stage 1. The directory space. , id-r for some mapping function G. yet to be defined. Reverse mapping is indicated by dotted arrows  , where the mapping of force flows in the opposite direction as velocity. The " directions " of these matrices show the forward mapping of velocity from one space to another. The mapping can include time variant contact conditions and also timely past and/or future steps during manipulation. The skill mapping SM gives the relation between the desired object trajectory This skill mapping SM maps from the 6-dimensional object position and orientation space to the 3n- dimensional contact point space. The texture properties are defined relative to an object's surface. Let R be the orientation mapping from the surface-space to the world-space The relationship between the topic space and the term space cannot be shown by a simple expression. The mapping is given by the matrix shown in equation 5. Of course  , this mapping concurs with inaccuracy. Similar patterns in the input space lie in a geographical near position in the output space. It admits infinite number of joint-space solutions for a given task-space trajectory. For a kinematically redundant system  , the mapping between task-space trajectory and the join-space trajectory is not unique. the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. A key component of this measure. J is the Jacobian matrix of linkage kinematics in leg space. These parameters are used to derive a mapping from each camera's image space to the occupancy map space. and is described by the following equations: v  , = v&+ B; denotes the stiffness mapping matrix relating the operational space to the fingertip space. In 2  , Koo and K ,  , denote the independent stiffness elements of the operational space and the fingertip space  , respectively. There is a continuous many-to-one mapping from I-space t o W-space determined by the forward kinematics of the arm. For any point in I-space  , there is a unique corresponding arm endpoint position in W-space. A singular value decomposition of this mapping provides the six-dimensional resolvabilify measure  , which can be interpreted as the system's ability to resolve task space positions and orientations on the sensor's image plane. The object centered Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space is an essential component of the sensor placement measure . The key idea in mapping to a higher space is that  , in a sufficiently high dimension  , data from two categories can always be separated by a hyper-plane. The mapping is done through kernel functions that allow us to operate in the input feature-space while providing us the ability to compute inner products in the kernel space. The mapping  , termed the planar kinematic mapping in Bottema and Roth 1979  , is a special case of dual quaternion representation of object position in a three dimensional space. The Image Space is a three dimensional projective space with four homogeneous coordinates . For the defined model the phase space is 6-dimensional. So the mapping Eunction is 5-dimensional. It requires  , first  , mapping a world description into a configuration space  , i.e. , generating the configuration space obstacles Lozano-Perez 811. The configuration space approach  , for example  , is computationally very expensive. In the case of our mobile robot we chose four particular variables for the reduced information vector. This kernel trick makes the computation of dot product in feature space available without ever explicitly knowing the mapping. The Hilbert curve is a continuous fractal which maps each region of the space to an integer. We employ two well-known space-mapping techniques: the Hilbert space-filling curve 15 and iDistance 23. As a result  , collision checking is also performed directly in the work space. The robot links and obstacles are represented directly in the work space  , thus avoiding the complex mapping of obstacles onto the C-space. Although the mapping is diffeomorphic  , the transformed path to the joint space possibly does not coincide with the optimal path in the joint space. Suppose that one path is planned in z space by a certain optimization scheme. This slicing was developed in 6 for use in teleoperation of robot arm manipulators. To alleviate this problem  , we propose a second mapping which transforms the 3D C-space into a discontinuous 2D space of " sliced " C-space obstacles. Available resource levels are provided by the system  , and constrain the configuration space to a feasible region. The resulting dynamical model is described by fewer equations in the u-space. The redundancy allows one to obtain a low-order model for the manipulator dynamics by mapping the joint velocity q- space to a pseudovelocity U- space. First  , a conventional automobile is underactuated non-holonomic  , so the mapping from C-space to action space is under-determined . An action space approach is attractive for the purposes of cross-country navigation for several reasons. But unlike the mapping on a basis  , a mapping to a dictionary does not allow the reconstruction of the data element. Similar to the mapping on a basis the mapping on a dictionary takes as input a data space element and outputs a coordinate vector. Experiments in 1  , 5 show that the LegoDB mapping engine is very effective in practice and can lead to reductions of over 50% in the running times of queries as compared to previous mapping techniques. LegoDB is a cost-based XML storage mapping engine that automatically explores a space of possible XML-torelational mappings and selects the best mapping for a given application. We have proved that the forbidden region of an obstacle can be computed only by mapping the boundary of the obstacle using the derived mapping function. A mapping function has been derived for mapping the obstacles into their corresponding forbidden regions in the work space. Also  , the stiffness mapping matrix B; between the operational space and the fingertip space of each hand can be represented by where i  B ;   denotes the stiffness mapping matrix between the operational space and the fingertip space of the ith hand. In this case  , the stiffness matrix in the operational space can be expressed as where i  K f  and ZG ,f denote the stiffness matrix in the fingertip space of the ith hand and the Jacobian matrix relating the fingertip space of the ith hand to the operational space  , respectively. Due to space limitations  , we cannot present all mapping rules. Where needed an informal explanation of the mapping rule is given and finally a formal definition using first-order predicate logic is given. However  , non-holonomic vehicles have constrained paths of traversal and require a different histogram mapping. The polar histogram is a suitable mapping from grid space to the histogram bins for holonomic vehicles with unconstrained steering directions. We have performed the task that pouring water from a bottle with the power grasp  , which can test the joint space mapping method. Some tasks were performed to evaluate the mapping method. This yields a coefficient vector with as many coordinates as there are dictionary elements. As reasoned above  , HePToX's mapping expressions define the data exchange semantics of heterogeneous data transformation. For space reasons  , here we just informally explain the mapping semantics by examining the two DTDs in Figure 1. The results of the Mapping stage are sufficiently random so that more space-expensive approaches are unnecessary . By using and extending Pearson's method 15   , mapping tables containing only 128 characters are produced . Teleoperation experiments show that the human hand model is sufficient accuracy for teleoperation task. The joint space mapping and modified fingertip position mapping method are exercised in the manipulation of dexterous robot hand. Instead we provide a few examples to illustrate the mapping. Providing the mapping of the entire OWL syntax into the three types of rules considered in this paper is beyond the scope and space limitations of this paper. Given the search space ΩP  covering all possible mappings   , finding a C min mapping boils down to inferring subsumption relationship between a mapping and the source predicate  , and between two mappings. Section 5.2 will discuss this approach in details. The transformation of pDatalog rules into XSLT is done once after the mapping rules are set up  , and can be performed completely automatically. The mapping is straight-forward  , but space precludes us from explaining it in detail. As in the example in Section 2  , the user provides the mapping between application resources and role-based access control objects using a Space-provided embedded domain-specific language. User-provided Mapping. The baseline approach builds a non-clustered index on each selection dimension and the rank mapping approach builds a multi-dimensional index for each ranking fragment. We compare the total space usage with baseline BL and rank mapping RM approaches. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the scnsorimotor mapping. The robot learns the mapping a.nd categorizations entirely within its seiisorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a priori internal representations. The parameters of the human hand model are calibrated by the open-loop calibration method based a vision system. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the sensorimotor mapping. The robot learns the mapping and catego-rizations entirely within its sensorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a przorz internal representations. In this context a datatype theory T is a partial mapping from URIrefs to datatypes. A RDFSDL vocabulary V is a set of URIrefs a vocabulary composed of the following disjoint sets:  VC is the set of concept class names  VD is the set of datatype names  VRA is the set of object property names  VRD is the set of datatype property names  VI is the set of individual names As in RDF  , a datatype " d " is defined by two sets and one mapping: Ld lexical space  , Vd value space and L2Vd the mapping from the lexical space to the value space. That is  , the cross-modal semantically related data objects should have similar hash codes after mapping. Then we attempt to learn a bridging mapping matrix  , M  , to map the hash codes from mpdimensional hamming space to mq-dimensional hamming space or vice versa  , by utilizing the cross-modal semantic correlation as provided by training data objects. By using this representation  , the robot is shrunk to a point with its position being represented by its end effector and the obstacles are represented as forbidden regions in the work space. If we control the sparsity of projection matrix A  , we could significantly reduce the mapping computation cost and the memory size storing projection matrix. But a large number of latent intents would greatly increase the cost of mapping queries from book space to the latent intent space. The coordinate form representation of the latter is given by tlie n x n manipulator Jacobian matrix DecpO. These solutions realize a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. The Jacobian matrix mapping the joint and the operational vector spaces of the fully-isotropic T3R2-type parallel manipulators presented in this paper is the identity 5×5 matrix throughout the entire workspace. For example   , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closedloop structured finger such as the finger with five-bar mechanism described in 8  , the backward mapping is unique. Note that the forward or backward Jacobian mapping between the joint space and the fingertip space may not be unique due to the structure of finger used in robot hands. In this paper  , we treat a robot hand with five-bar finger mechanism and then the stiffness relation between the fingertip space and joint space is described by using the backward Jacobian mapping. The lexical-to-value mapping is the obvious mapping from the documents to their class of equivalent OWL Full ontologies. To make this clear  , consider a datatype where the lexical space is the set of Turtle documents  , and the value space contains the equivalent classes of RDF graphs according to the OWL 2 RDF-based semantics entailment regime a.k.a OWL 2 Full. 1 We learn the mapping Θ by maximizing the likelihood of the observed times τi→j. We formalize this as τi→j ∼ f x; θ = Θai  , where Θ denotes a mapping from the space of actions A to the space of parameters of the probability density function f x; θ. Figure 1 shows the two essential mappings for skillful object manipulation. That is where it hurts in parallel kinematics  , especially when one considers only the actuator positions for sensing: the mapping is neither bijective several solutions to the forward kinematic problem nor differentiable singularities of any type. a differentiable bijective mapping between the sensor-space and the state-space of the system 16. Fullyisotropic PWs presented in this paper give a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. The Jacobian matrix mapping the joint and the operational vector spaces of the fully-isotropic PWs presented in this paper is the 3×3 identity matrix throughout the entire workspace. The hyper-plane is in a higher dimensional space called kernel space and is mapped from the feature space. toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. Since joint velocities incident to the constraint boundary aC i.e. A partial function I : S C mapping states to their information content is called an interpretation. Our theory distinguishes between an object state space S and an information content space C. The object state space consists of all the possible states that objects representing information might assume  , and the information space contains the information content representable in the object state space. The result is a task velocity toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. Mapping all the obstacles onto C-space is not computationally efficient for our particular problem; therefore  , collision detection is done in task space. In 19  , collision detection is done in C-space using the pre-determined C-space configuration although the random points are generated in task space. the set of positions and orientations that the robot tool can attain  , will be denoted by W = this section  , we show how the robot's task space can be mapped to the camera's visual feature space and then we will consider the mapping from the robot's configuration space to the visual feature space. The task space of the robot  , i.e. The control space is defined by the degrees of freedom of our haptic device  , the Phantom. However  , it is difficult to work in such a high-dimensional configuration space directly   , so we provide a mapping from a lower-dimensional control space to the configuration space  , and manipulate trajectories in the control space. The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. Each image space occupancy map is transformed to the map space by applying F equation 2. The 2n + 1 variables of.the access tree model form a 2n + 1 dimensional space R. The access model implies a mapping G: S ---> R from the space of file structures S ontu the space of all the combinations of model variable values  , R. This mapping is usually many-to-one because the variables only represent average characteristics of the file structures  , i.e. The details of these parameters are shown in Table 1. Weston et al 30 propose a joint word-image embedding model to find annotations for images. Then the model tries to learn a mapping from the image feature space to a joint space n R : A robotic system that has more than 6 dof degrees-of-freedom is termed as kinematically redundant system. Further  , addition and scalar multiplication cannot yield results similar to those performed in the data space. This implies that the mapping of a data element in the coordinate space of a dictionary does not allow reconstruction. Intuitively  , a tight connection between two documents should induce similar outputs in the new space. Let the mapping function Φ contain m elementary functions  , and each of them φ : X → R map documents into a onedimensional space. average pointer proportion and average size of filial sets of a level. But this mapping is not one-to-one  , there are infinite number of possible joint-space solutions for the same task-space trajectory. This is one of the most common techniques used for kinematically redundant systems. The tracking of features will be described in Section 3.1. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as f Figure 1 . Figure 2shows the resolvability of two different stereo camera configurations. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as Figure 4shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Since the mapping from I-space t o W-space is continuous  , and since a sphere is an orientable surface  , so is the cylinder surface. I Figurestead  , it is the surface of a cylinder Figure 5 . An alternative method of dealing with sparsity is by mapping the sparse high-dimensional feature space to a dense low-dimensional space. We describe it in more details next. Instead of mapping documents into a low-dimensional space  , documents are mapped into a high dimensional space  , but one that is well suited to the human visual system. Word clouds and their ilk take an alternative approach. Finally  , Space verifies that each data exposure allowed by the application code is also allowed by the catalog. Second  , Space uses the mapping defined by the user to specialize each exposure's constraints to the objects constrained by the catalog. To achieve the goal of partially automated configuration  , the model separates concerns into three spaces: user utility  , application capability  , and computing resources; and two mappings. 4 showed that the lexical features of the query space and the Web document space are different  , and investigated the mapping between query words and the words in visited search results in order to perform query expansion. Cui et al. In other words  , with longer lifespan  , the partitions at the upper corner of the space rendition contain more tuples  , hence more pages. Graphically  , their mapping points in the space rendition move up wards. The Hough transform 5 was developed as an aid to pattern recognition and is widely used today. Thus the Hough transform provides a one-to-one mapping of lines in the original space to points in the transform space. Ordering paves the way for searching in that new space  , so that locations can be identified in the hash table. In SMART the Jacobian is used for a wide variety of variable mappings. In robotics it typically refers to the velocity mapping between a robot's joint space and its world space motions. Many classical visualization techniques are based on dimensionality reduction  , i.e. , mapping high-dimensional data into a low dimensional space. The first is to visualize high-dimensional data in a high-dimensional space. To explain this mapping from intention space to relevancy space  , let us assume we have a resource R which has been tweeted by some author at time ttweet. Figure 2a This difference becomes larger in the region which is far from the origin. The unique mapping is highly related to the concept of observability. This transformed state space is equivalent to the state space consisting of the deflection angles θ and ψ i with its timederivatives . Figure 2: Mapping between sensor space and mental space based on empirical rules and physical intuition. Subconscious knowledge or techniques often play an important role in human task performance. Therefore  , it is represented by a mapping of the shape space Q into the force-distribution space T*Q. A compliance can be regarded as a conservative force field. Using the learned sensorimotor mapping and body ima.ge  , the robot chooses an action in the sensorimotor space to circumnavigate obstacles and reach goals. sensorimotor space that extends beyond the cmiera's view based on collisions. First  , for an input hyper-plane  , all the cluster boundaries intersect the hyper-plane are selected. More formally  , the forward mapping from the input space to the output space can be accomplished as follows. The proposed method uses a nullspace vector in the velocity mapping between the q-space and the u-space to guarantee the continuity in the joint velocities. Finally  , in Section 6 we describe several simulation experiments. This representation greatly simplifies collision checking and the search for a path. From this perspective  , visual tools can help to better understand and manipulate the mapping into the program space. In general  , programmers use a language to map their ideas into a program space. In fact  , the theoretical condition for the validity of a sensor-based control is that there exists a diffeomorphism i.e. A different approach is to derive a reduced-order dynamical manipulator model 6. A typical trial comprised the mapping of several hundred square metres of trials space  , followed by two or more days testing a wide variety of runs through this space. The sorting office had many impermanent sonar features. Let  , the joint velocity polytope of a n-dof manipulator be described by the 2n bounding inequalities: This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. Tracking in this manner is known as piloting 3 or steering 4. Note that this definition implicitly assumes to be able to generate negative values for the joint variables. These ellipsoids are the mapping froin unitary balls in t ,he velocity/force joint space to the analogous in the task space. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 3shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration . In this paper  , we consider a compliance and damping as impedance elements. On the other hand  , a damping is a mapping of the shape-velocity space TQ into its dual space T*Q. However  , there is a large gap between the problem space and the solution space. Establishing a mapping between domain model and the architecture is the objective of domain engineering 16. To compare the operations allowed by an application to those permitted by our security patterns  , a mapping is required between the objects defined in the RBAC model and the resources defined by the application. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Space asks the user to define this mapping. In many cases  , this mapping is obvious a resource named " User " in the application   , for example  , almost always represents RBAC users  , but in general it is not possible to infer the mapping directly. Formally  , it is a mapping from types of application resources to types of RBAC objects; the mapping is a relation  , since some application resources may represent more than one type of RBAC object. The robot learns a sensorimotor mapping and affordance categorizations or proto-symbols and uses the mapping for primitive navigation to exploit affordances. The robot learns a sensorimotor mapping and affordance categorizations and projects the mapping into the future to exploit affordances . The results of the experiment are summarized in Figure 4. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive We transformed the strings to an integer space by mapping them to their frequency vectors. to transform one string to the other. Extensive fault tests show that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly hurt reliability. This exposure can be reduced by write protecting buffer pages. These embeddings often capture and/or preserve linguistic properties of words. Word-embeddings are a mapping from words to a vector space. plastic  , metal or glass  , to friction cone angles that define the grasp wrench space. On a basic level  , this is often approached by mapping discrete material properties  , e.g. The XSLT stylesheets are created based on the pDatalog rules. In this section  , we formally define the extension of the database . However  , due to space limitation  , we describe the intension to extension mapping only. So uncertainty can be represented as a sphere in a six dimensional space. Thus the mapping from one we consider the characteristically same configuration of a manipulator. The -mapping model confirms that this gap does exist in the 4-D space. The gap between cluster A and B can be visually perceived. Triplify automatically generates all the resources in the update URI space  , when the mapping µ in the Triplify configuration contains the URL pattern " update " . Invocation. However  , space precludes an explanation here. There are additional details that concern how to preserve the data structure which holds the mapping of disk pages to buffer pages. Another dynamically consistent nullspace mapping  , which fits very well in the framework of operational space control  , was proposed by Khatih 61: by the manipulator's mass matrix. The language model described in 2 falls in this category. This mapping has two main advantages. We then apply the space-filling curve to this future position to obtain the second component of Equation 1. Clearly  , this constraint reduces the size of our search space. Thus  , when we come to mapping the root location  , we only consider configurations meeting the constraint. However  , the efficiency of exhaustion is still intolerable when SqH is large. The introduction of Query-Topic Mapping reduces the search space significantly in Opti-QTM. This mapping can be extended naturally to expressions. The repair space is thus E ∪ S. We recall that a program state σ maps variables to values. Therefore  , we only describe a number of representative examples  , though others can be described in a similar way. Traditional information retrieval systems have focused on mapping a well-articulated query onto an existing information space 4  , 43. Integrating Queries and Browsing. This places reliable memory under complete database control  , eliminates double buffering  , and simplifies recovery. Mapping reliable memory into the database address space allows a persistent database buffer cache. In the EROC architecture this mapping function is captured by the abstraction mapper. Logical expressions are mapped by an optimizer search engine to a space of physical expressions. We also show this in the demo. First artificial space-variant sensors are described in 22. Such a peripherally graded pattern was first expressed as a conformal exponential mapping in 21. This dictionary element is therefore represented twice. After this approach  , C hyperplanes are obtained in the feature space. is a mapping function and b i is a scalar. However  , the lack of this optimization step as of now does not impact the soundness of the approach. This helps to prune the space for conducting containment mapping. When we increase the mean lifespan of tuples  , more tuples have longer lifespan. The exact mapping of topics and posts to vectors depends on the vector space in which we are operating. Vector construction. Tracking of articulated finger motion in 3D space is a highdimensional problem. The corresponding mapping from classified hand postures to Barrett configurations is selected offline in advance. We can understand them as rules providing mapping from input sensor space to motor control. For the sake of clarity  , the parameters listed are also discretized. The mapping of the Expressivity to more than one sub-parameter consequently constrains the space of all possible configurations. ble as to be seen in Figure 3 . The space of word clouds is itself high-dimensional  , and indeed  , might have greater dimension than the original space. Our use of the stress function is slightly unusual  , because instead of projecting the documents onto a low-dimensional space  , such as R 2   , we are mapping documents to the space of word clouds. So  , in a rr@rm space  , in which slope is plotted along one axis and intercept along the other  , every point uniquely determines and is uniquely determined by a line in the regular space. Absolute space comes from the idea that the representation for each space should be independent of all other spaces. I Absolute Space Representation: An Absolute Space Representation or ASR 7   , is a cognitive mapping technique used to build models of rooms or spaces visited. Since an adversary can no longer simulate a one-to-n item mapping by a one-to-one item mapping  , in general  , we can fully utilize the search space of a one-to-n item mapping to increase the cost of attack and prevent the adversary to easily guess the correct mapping. Note that the number of possible transformed transactions is 2 |B S F | which is much larger than the number of possible original transactions 2 |I| . Because it is difficult to build a feature space directly  , instead kernel functions are used to implicitly define the feature space. This mapping is defined as φ : X → F   , where X is the original space  , and F is the feature space. Because the synibol space is continuous space and the dynainics in this space is continuous system  , the continuous change of the vector field in the inotioIi space and the continuous motion transition is realized. By the mapping function F  , the reduced motion zk is extracted t o the joint angles of the robot 9k. U refers to map the query text q from the m-dimensional text space to the kdimensional latent space by a liner mapping  , and V refers to map the retrieved image d from the n-dimensional image space to the k-dimensional latent space. where U ∈ R k×m and V ∈ R k×n . Lewis Lew89 surveys methods based on noise  , while Perlin Per851 Per891 presents noisebased techniques which by-pass texture space. Since the animation and the trajectory are equivalent  , we may alter the trajectory and derive a new animation from the altered trajectory. For example  , the integral and differential equations which map A-space to C-space in a flat 2D world are given below: During the transient portion the steering mechanism is moving to its commanded position at a constant rate. The mapping from A-space to C-space is the well-known Fresnel Integrals which are also the equations of dead reckoning in navigation. To find the stiffness relation between the joint space and the fingertip space  , it is first needed to consider the structure of finger in the hand. The wirtual obstacle is a continuum of points in I-space corresponding t o those arm positions in W-space at which the arm intersects some obstacles. When the hand system grasps the peg for the compliance center 0 1 of Figure 4   , this is identical to combine the two cases of Figures 2If the compliance center is moved to the point 0 2   , the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y1 in 6 changes into negative  , and the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y2 in 11 changes into negative . While a tight as possible mapping uses the reach space of the robot hand optimally   , it may nevertheless occur that  , since the human finger's workspace can only be determined approximately   , some grasps may lead to finger tip positions which lie outside reach space of the artificial hand. When considering the mapping of the reach spaces of the human and robot hands we are faced with the following problem. For a more complete description of this mapping from activation level space to force space  , see 25. Extreme points in the space of applied forces are created by limits in activation levels some tendons will be at their maximum force and some will be inactive. Then the two robots exchange roles in order to explore a chain of free-space areas which forms a stripe; a series of stripes are connected together to form a trapezoid. One robot moves and sweeps the line of visual contact across the free space  , thus mapping a single region of free space. LSH is a framework for mapping vectors into Hamming space  , so that the distances in the Hamming hash space reflect those in the input space: similar vectors map to similar hashes. Among the common methods to achieve this is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 1. The one-class classification problem is formulated to find a hyperplane that separates a desired fraction of the training patterns from the origin of the feature space F. This hyperplane cannot be always found in the original feature space  , thus a mapping function Φ : F − → F   , from F to a kernel space F   , is used. in 21. In vector-space retrieval  , a document is represented as a vector in t-dimensional space  , where t is the number of terms in the lexicon being used. Documents are retrieved by mapping q into the row document space of the term-document matrix  , A: Therefore  , it can be computed off-line and used as a look-up table  , forming the following pseudo-code: The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. It is not possible  , in general  , to compute the speed and steering commands which will cause a vehicle to follow an arbitrary C-space curve. The interface allows direct mapping between the interaction space to a 3D physical task space  , such as air space in the case of unmanned aerial vehicles UAVs  , or buildings in the case of urban search and rescue USAR or Explosive Ordnance Disposal EOD robotic tasks. The 3D Tractus was designed with 3D spatial tangible user interfaces TUIs themes in mind. Denote the joint space of an n-joint  , serialdifferentiability of g is necessary because the joint accelerations are bounded  , and therefore the joint velocities must be continuous . In its most abstract form  , the forward kinematics of a serial-link manipulator can be regarded as a mapping from joint space to operational space. The space overhead problem is crucial for Semantic Search  , which involves the: use of a space consuming indexing relation: A weighted mapping between indexing terms and document references. We study the two complcmcntary access methods through a common approach designed to improve time access and space overhead  , the Signature techniques Crh84. The construction of the configuration space  , the control space  , the mapping between them and the haptic forces makes it possible to author and edit animations by manipulating trajectories in the control space. We have provided several techniques for editing existing trajectories  , and as this is done the user can see the effect on the animation in real time. For example  , we can present a current situation and retrieve the next feasible situation through interpolation. With the FSTM partitioned effectively as an union of hyper-ellipsoids  , we can obtain the mapping from an input space of a dimensions to an output space of f3 dimensions in the N-dimensional augmented space  , a+f31N. If our thesis is correct  , physical TUIs such as the 3D Tractus can help reduce the ratio of users per robots in such tasks  , and offer intuitive mapping between the robotic group 3D task space and the user's interaction space. Examples may range from mining tasks  , space exploration  , UAVs or Unmanned Undersea Vehicles UUV. ORDBMSs that execute UDFs outside the server address space could employ careful mapping of address space regions to obtain the same effect. Also  , calls to SAPI functions from the AM extension execute as regular C function calls within the server address space  , so there is no need to " ship " the currently active page to the AM extension; copy overhead is therefore avoided. However  , subsequent research publications report 1 ,13 that a direct mapping from source to target TUs without an intermediate phonetic representation often leads to better results. Pt|s as a series of conversions from the grapheme space spelling of the source language to the phoneme space pronunciation  , and then to the grapheme space of the target language. The manipulator knows some mappings from the problem space to the solution space and estimates the mapping for the goal problem by using them. The solution space is a set of manipulator trajectories or a label representing there is no solution for the problem. We will discuss the haptics in Section 2.3  , but first we give the mathematical model. During learning  , the simple classifier is trained over dataset T producing a hypothesis h mapping points from input space X to the new output space Y . This is necessary during the search over the space of subsets of clusters  , and while estimating final predictive accuracy. FigureObject a has a different geometrical feature than object b  , yet under many grasping configurations  , the relation between the body attached coordinate system of the gripper and the object is the same. Furthermore  , this mapping is naturally a many to many mapping that can be reduced to a many to one mapping in obstacle free environments  , thus reducing the learning space and resulting in a much better generalization. In this figure  , the transformations are defined as: 2 functionfis also relating between gripper and object configurations  , then the relationship between an object geometry  , task requirements and gripper constraints can now be mapped to a generic relation between two coordinate systems. In future it is likely that as we move to a push model of information provision we should provide the means to have local variants of ontologies mapping into our AKT computer science 'standard reference' ontology. In this version of CS AKTive Space we have not included this ontology mapping capability since we have been responsible for engineering the mapping of the heterogeneous information content. The mapping provided by the user translates between the RBAC objects constrained by the pattern catalog and the resource types defined in the application code. Space requires the mapping above and MediumClone's source code—it needs no further input or guidance from the user. Space does not permit entire rules templates are shown or the inclusion of the entire mapping rule set  , but this is not needed to show how the homomorphism constrains the rules. In order to illustrate the interaction between metamodels   , a homomorphism  , and a set of mapping rules  , we examine portions of two rules from the formalization of UML with Promela. If space-filling curves are used  , the mapping is distance-preserving  , i. e. similar values of the original data are mapped on similar index data  , and that for all dimensions. By mapping multi-dimensional data to one-dimensional values  , a one-dimensional indexing method can be applied. The PSOM concept SI can be seen as the generalization of the SOM with the following three main extensions: the index space S in the Kohonen map is generalized to a continuous mapping manifold S E Etm. Unfortunately  , in general the planes do not match at the borders of the Voronoi-cells  , which may leave discontinuities in the overall mapping. Also  , we performed some teleoperation tasks to test modified fingertip position mapping method such as: grasping a litter cube block only with index finger and thumb; grasping a bulb and a table tennis ball with four fingers. Figure 2shows the structure of the global address scheme and an example mapping. To build a global catalogue of a user's personal information space  , each file needs to have a unique and non-ambiguous mapping between a global namespace and its actual location. The basic approach in 9 is to treat the problem as a search for desired functions in a large search space s. In actuality  , preparatory Mapping and Ordering steps are needed so that fast Searching can take place. The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. Hence  , the recommender system can explain to u3 that " T oy Story " is recommended because he/she likes comedy and " T oy Story " is a comedy. Here  , we adopt the PARAFAC model 4 to carry out further tensor decomposition on the approximate core tensorˆStensorˆ tensorˆS to obtain a set of projection matricesˆPmatricesˆ matricesˆP The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. The best among the derived configurations is selected using cost estimates obtained by a standard relational optimizer. We represent the design space synthesis function  , c  , as a semantic mapping predicate in our relational logic  , taking expressions in the abstract modeling language to corresponding concrete design spaces. Relation c can be seen as mapping abstract  , intensional models of design spaces to extensional representations   , namely sets of concrete design variants. Example 2.2 select culture painting title : t  , Figure 5: Path-to-path Mappings pings save space by factorizing DTD similarities and allow semi-automatic mapping generation. cultureepaintinggtitle is mapped to WorkOfArtttitle because their leaf nodes are equal and there is a mapping between the context of title cultureepainting and a sub-path of WorkOfArtttitle. This inference is specific to data types– For some types  , it is straightforward  , while others  , it is not. The solutions we obtain through mapping are not optimal; however  , due to the good locality properties of the space mapping techniques  , information loss is low  , as we demonstrate experimentally in Section 6. Recall that both optimal k-anonymity and -diversity are NP-hard 14  , 13  in the multi-dimensional case. It is desired to ensure the mapping functions Φx to be consistent with respect to the structure of G| T V  , E. In the following  , we measure the information loss of each k-anonymous or -diverse group using N CP   , and the information loss over the entire partitioning using GCP see Section 2. For navigation  , the mapping is served as the classifier for the distribution of features in sensor space and the corresponding control commands. The learned lookuptable is the reactive 191 sensorcontrol mapping that explicitly stores the relations between different local environmental features and the corresponding demonstrated control commands. In this method  , the optimal trajectories in the state space are grouped using the data obtained from cell mapping. A cell mapping based method has been developed to systematically generate the rules of a near-optimal fuzzy controller for autonomous car parking. The information bases under the other mappings show the same general trend. Although we ran comparisons under all three mappings  , due to space constraints  , we show only measurements taken under the M-NC mapping  , because M-NC was the superior mapping in Section 5.2. Space uses this mapping to specialize the constraints derived from the checks present in the code to the set of RBAC objects  , so that the two sets of security checks can be compared. If the handles were clustered  , the strength of Btrees and direct mapping was exhibited. If the handles were clustered randomly  , direct mapping performed a little better than both hashing and the B+-tree because it used significantly less disk space about 30 ,000 pages. When a robot link moves around an obstacle  , the link-obstacle contact conditions vary between vertex-edge and edge-vertex contacts . In this paper  , we investigate the collision-free path planning problem for a robot with two aims cooperating in the robot's work space. However  , despite the importance of vision as a localization sensor  , there has been limited work on creating such a mapping for a vision sensor. Having a mapping of sensor performance across the configuration space has been argued to be beneficial and important. Particular mapping functions have to be defined  , which makes the problem more complex but in turn only meaningful configurations might be created. Experimental results on a Pentium 4 with an average load of 0.15 have shown an average query time of 0.03 seconds for the mapping and 0.35 seconds for the ranking when mapping to 300 terms. These are compared to Ouδ for the vector space method. The user can interact in the 3D domain by physically sliding the 3D Tractus surface up and down in space. Within the RDS we can treat elements of X as if they were vectorial and  , depending on the approximative quality of the mapping  , we can expect the results to be similar to those performed if they were defined in the original space. The RDS R – a quotient space given by the equivalence class of coefficient vectors resulting in the same dictionary element over the vector space R n – and the RDIP ·  , ·· R form a vector space with inner product. Queries belonging to this URL pattern have to return at least two columns. Figure 4 shows that the first two latent dimensions cluster the outlets in interpretable ways. We start by looking at the mapping of the labeled outlets  , as listed in Table 3  , in the space spanned by the latent dimensions. We emphasize that these features cannot be calculated before the result page is formed  , thus do not participate in the ranking model. Namely  , let W be the function mapping the space of Yfeatures to the weights: To our knowledge  , this is the first work that measures how often data is corrupted by database crashes. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly decrease reliability. Our second software design Section 5.2 addresses this problem by mapping the Rio file cache into the database address space. Second  , databases can manage memory more optimally than a file system can  , because databases know more about their access patterns. This exposes reliable memory to database crashes  , and we quantify the increased risk posed by this design. This is consistent with the estimates given in Sullivan9la  , Sullivan93J. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space has only a small effect on the overall reliability of the system. Then any multi-dimensional indexing method can be used to organize  , cluster and efficiently search the resulting points. The idea is to extract n numerical features from the objects of int ,erest  , mapping them into points in n-dimensional space. First  , we generated a dictionary that has a mapping between terms and their integer ids. In this section  , we describe how we transformed the candidate documents in each sub-collection into its representation in the Vector Space Model VSM. Documents are retrieved by mapping q into the row document space of the term-document matrix  , A: Like the documents  , queries are represented as tdimensional vectors  , and the same weighting is applied to them. We address these two issues by mapping the answer and question to a shared latent space and measure their similarity there. Therefore  , surface level similarity measures such as Cosine or Jaccard will fail to identify relevant propositions. TermWatch maps domain terms onto a 2D space using a domain mapping methodology described in SanJuan & Ibekwe-SanJuan 2006. For the second period 2006-2008  , 1938 records were obtained. In this paper we introduce one way of tackling this problem. Mapping navigable space is important for mobile robots and can also he a product in its own right  , e.g. , in the case of reconnaissance . IJsing this mapping reactive obstacle avoidance can be achieved. This effectively maps the low-dimensional force vector F from the workspace into the high-dimensional joint space of the manipulator. This could be done by mapping the object parameters into the feature space and thus writing them as a geometric constraint. In the case that a model of the environment is given  , one might also wish to incorporate obstacle constraints . We also plan to apply this method to general C-space mapping for convex polyhedra. We hope to extend this method in the future to work with non-convex polyhedra. Due to space limitation  , the detailed results are ignored. The results are beyond our expectations: the learned lexical mapping did not help for all the three ranking methods CS  , QL and KL. Finally  , an implementation of concurrent control as a mapping of constraints between individual controllers is demonstrated. Fourth  , a general framework for concurrent control borrowing from priority-based null-space control of redundant manipulators is described. Nevertheless it's possible that with different kernels one could improve on our results. It appears that the data does form a consistent mapping in high dimensional space  , and therefore we were able to get good results. This paper explores the utility of MVERT for exploration and observing multiple dynamic targets. These approaches build maps of an unknown space by selecting longterm goal points for each robot Other approaches focus more mapping I81 19. In semi-autonomous navigation  , omnidirectional translational motion is used for mapping desired user velocities to the configuration space. The robot is driven by selecting commands on the ASPICE GUIs; a mouse is used as input device. We then calculate the mean of its column-wise Pearson correlation coefficients with Y . The slice held out is then mapped to the 3-D latent space with mapping matrix and appended to the learned embeddings of the other slices. We c m directly transfer the calibrated joints value measured by the CyberGlove@ to the robot hand. After h e calibration and knowing accurate joint angles of human hand fingers  , the joint space mapping is easy to fulfill. If the automated system could function well in this space  , then it will also function well in the retirement community. The automated behavioral mapping surveillance system was setup to replicate the installation area  , as well as the ambient lighting conditions. These include scaling  , rotation  , and synchronization of observations from several tours of a space. Beck and Wood 2 include several common operations involved in map-making in their model of urban mapping. The time series are further standardized to have mean zero and standard deviation one. The space V now consists of all time series extracted from shapes with the above mapping . Let¨be Let¨Let¨be a feature mapping and be the centroid matrix of¨´µ of¨´µ  , where the input data matrix is represented as in the feature mappingörmappingör the feature space explicitly. At this time  , it might be effective to subtract the explained component in the target ordering from sample orders. After that  , by mapping attribute vectors to the new sub-space  , components in attributes related to this vector are subtracted. An intermediate future work would be to incorporate the XQuery logical optimization technique in 9  in our normalization step to reduce the possible navigation redundancies in the VarTree representation. For discrete QoS dimensions  , for instance audio fidelity   , whose values are high  , medium and low  , we simply use a discrete mapping table to the utility space. latency by flipping the order of the good and bad values . Since the target predicate has a pre-defined domain of values  , each representing a range  , our search space is restricted to disjunctions of those ranges. Consider mapping between the price predicates in Example 1. triples that represent specific points in the geometric space. Mappings model both the descriptive characteristics of an object  ,  Relationships among objects are modeled by " domainobject   , mapping-object  , range-object. Thus  , mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space does not significantly lower reliability. These uncommitted buffers are vulnerable to the same degree in all three systems Section 5.2. But it does not become a subject of this paper so far as an n-a imensional space. We use this mapping to parameterize the grasp controller described in Section 3. The opposition space is important to this discussion because it links specific contact regions on the hand surface with the role they play in the grasp. The particular minimum of 3 in which the robot finds itself is dependent on the path traversed through through joint space to reach current joint angles. Thus the forward kinematics  , given the actuator states  , is not necessarily a unique mapping. For example  , a typical mapping approach  , called approximate cell decomposition 7  , maps an environment into cells of predefined shapes. There is usually a trade-off between low cost in time and space and high map fidelity and path quality. Second  , the inverse model  , the mapping from a desired state to the next action is not straightforward. First  , since soil is not rigid  , a C-space representation of natural terrain has very high dimensionality. The above results represent the first approach to a perception mapping system; it involves all sensors and all space around the robot. A crucial issue is naturally the sensor overlapping configuration. The global exploration st ,rategy provides the order in which these areas are explored. The local exploration strategy guides the path traveled for the mapping of a convex area of free space a triangle  , or a trapezoid. Section 2 extends Elfes' 2-D probabilistic mapping scheme to 3-D space and describes a framework for workspace modeling using probabilistic octrees. Finally  , simulation results and performance considerations are presented for the power line maintenance application. -procedures for mapping sensory errors into positional/rotational errors e.g. -providing the a-priori knowledge on the C-space configuration and the type of shared control active compliance or using nominal sensory pat- terns. This property can be viewed as the contraction of the phase space around the limit cycle. The mapping F is stable if the first return map of a perturbed state is closer to the fixed point. This is because we excluded the coupling terms iKfxyi=1 ,2 ,3 in the fingertip space for independent finger control. Note that the elements of the second row of the mapping matrix are calculated as zero. The sensory-motor elements are distributed and can be reused for building other sequences of actions. This will build a mapping of the sensory-motor space to reach this goal. In particularly  , by allowing random collisions and applying hash mapping to the latent factors i.e. We address this problem by implementing feature hashing 27 on the space of matrix elements. we can both reduce the search space and avoid many erroneous mappings between homonyms in different parts of speech. We assume that by mapping only nouns to nouns  , verbs to verbs  , etc. Imitation of hand trajectories of a skilled agent could be done through a mapping of the proprioceptive and external data. The collected data could be used for generating unexplored movement and for reaching unexplored positions in the action space. A mapping is defined by specifying an implementation component in the requires section of an abstract package definition. Abstract components from the problem space are distinguished from implementation components by having an empty location field in their package definition. The kernel function implicitly maps data into a highdimensional reproducing kernel Hilbert space RKHS 7  and computes their dot product there without actually mapping the data. is a kernel function  , and C > 0 is the cost parameter . Clearly  , this plot does not reveal structures or patterns embedded in the data because data dojects spread across the visual space. The right view of Figure 5 shows the result of a random mapping of host names. two different paths in the interpretation space can lead to the same program. If the mapping from problem descriptions to programs is to be rich enough to generate a sufficiently wide variety of programs  , ambiguity is an unavoidable consequence  , i.e. An architectural style specification  , omitted due to space limitation  , defines the co-domain of an architectural map. 10 } Listing 2: The elided mapping predicate for the SCC application type and REST architectural style Section 2 presents object-relational mapping ORM as a concrete driving problem. This paper provides one solution to this problem  , particularly for design space models expressible within a relational logic 20 . Space  , in contrast  , requires only that the programmer provide a simple object mapping. Boci´cBoci´c and Bultan 3 and Near and Jackson 24 check Rails code  , but require the user to write a specification. Later  , we generalized this idea to map the strings to their local frequencies for different resolutions by using a wavelet transform. 7  , 8  presented techniques for representing text documents and their associated term frequencies in relational tables  , as well as for mapping boolean and vector-space queries into standard SQL queries. Grossman et al. The acquired parameter values can then be used to predict probability of future co-occurrences. Figure 1: Mapping entities in folksonmies to conceptual space rameters by maximizing log-likelihood on the existing data set. Indeed  , mapping technology itself—including the prior technology of the printed map— privileges a particular cognitive perspective 9. Geographers and historians emphasize that a map advocates a way of thinking about space  , rather than transmitting the single correct representation. We address this problem by implementing feature hashing 28 on the space of matrix elements. We built an earlier Java-based prototype in order to rapidly explore the design space for visual mapping of organizations. Both the faces and the displayed information are obtained from a centralized corporate directory. Our choice of visual design builds upon one of the simplest hierarchical layouts  , the icicle plot 1. The classifier was trained to be conservative in handling the Non-Relevant categorization. After examining the relevancy of the datasets using our developed relevancy classifier  , we now use our TIRM mapping scheme in transforming the results into the intention space. Second  , suboptimal mappings have a larger impact in the two-dimensional space than in the unidimensional one. Thus  , mapping an entity to a suboptimal random coordinate affects the spatial deviation of more blocks in DBPedia than in BTC09. The access interface need only maintain a relatively simple mapping between object identifiers and storage locations. b Large holdings can be moved to wherever space is available  , without having to rewrite the corresponding catalog database. The attribute for each sample point object occupanjcy or free space was determined by the solid interference function "SOLINTERF" in AME. The sample points for RCE mapping were randomly selected in the CAD environment. Higher map resolution and better path usually mean more cells thus more space and longer planning time. This design offers more protection than the first two designs  , but manipulating protections may slow perfor- mance. Keeping an I/O interface to reliable memory requires the fewest modifications to an existing database but wastes memory capacity and bandwidth with double buffering. maximum heap space  , and the numbers of MultiExprs and ExprXlasses in the logical and physical expression spaces at the end of optimization. The columns in the tables show enumeration  , mapping  , and total optimization times  , estimated execution co&! This narrows down the search space of potential objects on the image significantly. Based on the mapping  , the FMA is used to retrieve a list of anatomical entities that could possibly be detected in this body region. Second  , consider the mapping of textual words into the latent space in LSCMR. But we find something interesting that though some topics overlap  , some smaller but more precise topics are discovered see the two " Biology " topics in Table 5. The mapping of feasible initial-state perturbations around a nominal initial state x 0 to sensor-observation perturbations is given by the observability matrix Let the columns of the matrix N span the null-space of B. We apply a. liyclrodynamic potential field in the sensorimotor spa.ce to choose an action cf. For an environment depicted in Fig. This histogram was established from a mapping from a 3D space to 2D ZXplane using the depth inforniation to represent the obstacles in the environment. The fuzzy rules and membership functions are then generated using the statistical properties of the individual trajectory groups. Figure 11shows another mapping. In a computer implementation  , if the available storage space is scarce  , it is straightforward to devise other mappings from hexagonal to quadractic not necessarily rectangular grids that do not leave empty cells. In computer graphics  , for cxample  , an object model is defined with respect to a world coordinate system. Many problems in computer vision and graphics require mapping points in space to corresponding points in an image. Fundamentally  , thc dccomposition in 12 rcprcscnts a. mapping from the space of infinitc-dimcnsiona.1 rcalvalucd functions to thc finitc-dimcnsiona.1 spa.cc  ?P. Thus we would wa.nt to decompose  ,BTs into 8 cocfficients , Employing this demonstration technique saves from the burden of mapping the human kinematics as in other approaches 7  , 14. Moreover  , kinaesthetic teaching intrinsically solves the correspondence problem  , as the robot learns in its own joints space. A phase space represents the predicted sensory effects of chains of actions. Projection heuristics provide an efficient method of projecting a learned sensorimotor mapping into the future to exploit affordances. We will develop a polygonal line method to avoid the poor solutions by fitting the line segments without any mapping or length constraints. This is due to their fixed topology on the latent data space or to bad initialization 8. Additionally  , potential clusters are maximally S-connected  , i.e. We represent these more compactly by mapping regions from the original space to descriptor nodes that record the object count for these regions. In the aforementioned methods it is assumed that the dataset is embedded into a higher-dimensional space by some smooth mapping. This number of components can be viewed as the number of effective dimensions in the data. Measure the relativity between the semantics of a tag t k and the chosen dimension according to the The intent of any input query is identified through mapping the query into the Wikipedia representation space  , spanned by Wikipedia articles and categories. 14 leveraged Wikipedia for the intent classification task. According to the objective function 6  , we think that the optimal r-dimensional embedding X *   , which preserves the user-item preference information  , could be got by solving the following problem: Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. During the final phase of resolution i.e. , relation mapping  , the remaining relationships between concepts are mapped into the viewpoint model space. If types conflict  , HyDRA assists in the conflict's resolution. These relations may include temporal relations  , meronymic relations  , causal relations  , and producer/consumer relations. In practice  , we can often encode the same probability distribution much more concisely. The size of a probabilistic mapping may be quite large  , since it essentially enumerates a probability distribution by listing every combination of events in the probability space. The mapping from the system state to the Java code we implemented is straightforward. Space limitations do not allow us to concentrate on the implementation  , which is thoroughly described in 19. In this section  , we discuss our development of predicate mapper  , which realizes the type-based search-driven mapping machinery. Due to space limitation   , please refer to 12 for more details. Both problems are NP-hard in the multidimensional space. In this paper  , we developed a framework for solving the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multidimensional quasi-identifiers to one dimension. The relationship between database intension and extension then is an injective mapping between two topological spaces. That is  , the extension of a database can be seen as a topological space built out of entities rather than entity types. The state of the art in multimedia indexing is based on feature extraction 30  , 161. In the following  , lower-case bold Roman letters denote column vectors  , and upper-case ones denote matrices. We aim to derive a mapping Ψ : X → V that projects the input features into a K-dimensional latent space. The use of these techniques for document space representation has not been reported In the literature. Therefore  , transformation methods must be considered which are more efficient than the mapping techniques In the generation of the data point  ,. ,... ,.uon. This solution is one of five Pareto-optimal solutions in the design space for our customer-order object model. Figure 6presents a graphical depiction of an Alloy object encoding a synthesized OR mapping solution. The second component of the visual mapping is brightness . In particular  , the brightness of a statement  , s  , is computed by the following equation: 5In color space models  , a pigment with zero brightness appears as black. Indeed  , there is no theoretical basis for mapping documents into a Euclidean space at all. While this framework  , like many others  , has no theoretical basis  , it is an intuitive extension of a vector based approach. Apart from the limited number of discontinuities  , the mapping from pose-space to eigenspace is conformal: that is  , continuous but curved. In the experiments described below we used a fix sample grid of Ax=Ay = 50cm and A0 = 0.5 degrees. The tip of the bucket position and its orientation relative to the horizontal are the task space variables being controlled. Cylin-der extensions are determined from the joint angles using a polynomial mapping  Selective usage of these elements may be more suited for specific situations of navigation. The output is well-defined  , closed under the operation  , and is unique. Taking this function as weighting for the individual behaviours from the input space  , a mapping is defmed between the input and output spaces. These are highly desirable properties for an unsupervised feature mapping which facilitate learning with very few instances. Similar poses of the same object remain close in the feature-space  , expressing a low-dimensional manifold. The camera-totarget distance remains constant when the target horizontally translates in a plane parallel to the camera's image plane and simple perspective is used for the image-to-task space mapping. Tracking by camera translation is much simplier. uncertainty in the kinematics mapping which is dynamic dependent. The required joint trajectory cannot be generated by the given trajectory in inertia space due t o the dynamic parametel. Most approaches increase efficiency by dividing large multi-robot problems into several smaller single-robot tasks. Since the PCM contains only obstacles in a fixed vicinity of the vehicle  , obstacles "enter" and "leave" the map gradually as the robot moves. Based on this mapping each cell of the grid is marked either "obstacle" or "free-space". We have shown an efficient and robust method for recomputing 3-d Minkowski sums of convex polyhedra under rotation. Bottema and Roth 1979 introduce this mapping directly and study the image curves which represent the coupler motion of a planar four bar linkage. They went on to characterize the geometry of their projective image space. Mapping motion data is a common problem in applying motion capture data to a real robot or to a virtual character . Our accuracy requirements are much less because the mari0nette.k gesturing in free space rather than precisely positioning an object. Mapping with only stationary objects  , and localization using entire observations in which the dual sensor model of occupancy grids is applied for range readings from moving objects. OGSD Occupancy grids presuming free space is crossable. They obtain an affordance map mapping locations at which activities take place from learned data encoding human activity probabilities. An example of work on shared space of humans and robots is given by Tipaldi and Arras 15. What follows is a sequence of strings that define the traversal path through the output space of the selected extractor. The mapping expression starts by specifiying the " extractor key "   , a unique identifier of the extractor to be used. The second data set contains 2 ,000 data items in 3- dimensional space with 2 clusters the middle one in Fig.3. can compare the resultant mapping with the original data set directly. To calculate the document score for document d i   , the vector space method applies the following equation: We will now show how LSA is as an extension to the VSM  , by using this query mapping. We also consider transforming the NED mapping scores into normalized confidence values. For assessing the confidence  , we devise several techniques  , based on perturbing the mention-entity space of the NED method. The other primitives are less crucial with respect to the YQL implementation  , and therefore we skip their discussions due to space limitations. A short discussion of the mapping of each Remote Query Interaction primitive follows. Since the adversary only has information about the large itemsets  , he can only find the mappings for items that appear in the background knowledge. So  , the adversary can reduce the search space for each mapping of item. However  , mapping an inherently high-dimension data set into a low-dimension space tends to lose the information that distinguishes the data items. To address the " dimensionality curse " problem  , the index subsystem must use as few dimensions as possible . The SOM defines a mapping from the input data space onto a usually two-dimensional array of nodes. The vector size of the subject feature vector was 1 ,674 and the vector size of the description feature vector was 1 ,871. This is because wild stores rarely touch dirty  , committed pages written by previous transactions. This provides the means to study alternative physical representations and to analyse the consequences of changes made in the conceptual schema. We also test a number of other standard similarity measures  , including the Vector Space Similarity VSS 3 and others. We employ a mapping function f x = x+1/2 to bound the range of PCC similarities into 0  , 1. When decoding the relative strength of active signals in a complex 3d world with different densities of matter – i.e. When stock is reorganized  , the system must reconfigure its mapping of library space onto the subject headings. The mapping  can not be achieved by the system without breaking contact constraints. If the number of columns of the blocks C11 and Caa equals the dimension of the task space  , the cooperating system is " minimal " . For the purposes of synthesizing a compliance mapping   , it is assumed that the robotic manipulator and the gripper holding the object can move freely in space without colliding with the environment. The above equation does not include joint friction. In this paper  , we investigate a novel approach to detect sentence level content reuse by mapping sentence to a signature space. Thus  , it is essential that content reuse detection methods should be efficient and scalable. the terms or concepts in question. We choose a setup of P such that it provides a mapping into the space of all possible superconcepts of the input instances  , i.e. The stress term of the objective function is inspired by multidimensional scaling MDS  , a classical method for dimensionality reduction 2. Consider a naive indexing approach where a sentence-file stores keyword vectors for the sentences in the collection. In particular  , we propose a sentencesignature based mechanism for mapping from the sentence domain to a multi-dimensional space such that word-overlap searches can be re-posed as range searches in this space. Hashing then involves mapping from keys into the new space  , and using the results of Searching to find the proper hash table location. According to the preceding calculations  , both procedures will yield exactly the same ranking. Instead of mapping both queries and documents to the kdimensional concept space via U T k and computing the cosine similarity there  , we may therefore as well transform the documents via the m × m matrix U k U T k   , and compute cosine similarities in the original term space. Therefore  , the knowledge of inverse kinematics mapping is of great interest since it allows the path planing to be independent of the geometry of the robot. the inverse kinematics maps the world coordinate space onto the joint coordinate space  X E R " -+ q ~ R ~   l    ,  1 3  . Currently  , a 7:l position amplification permits comfortable mapping of RALF's full workspace into the workspace of the human operator. To facilitate the teleoperation tasks  , the controller for KURBIRT computes its tip position and scales the position from the space of the master robot to the space of the slave  , RALF. The control law is provided by mapping these two spaces as an open-loop schema. The sensor and the manipulation spaces are partitioned by considering the features of the images and the space of the DOF of the manipulator that is called the configuration space. Errors in the estimated and actual generalized force were used to drive the system to minimize the external loads projected into the configuration space. The method employs a mapping of the unknown interaction forces into a generalized force in the configuration space of a continuum segment. As discussed in t ,he Introductioii  , well known concepts for manipulability mea.sures of robotic structure are the so-called velocity and force maiiipulability el- lipsoids  , 12. The geometric configuration of robot manipulability includes two wellknown types: manipulability ellipsoidl  and manipulability polytope2  , 3 ,4. The concept of robot manipulability means that constraints on joint space are transformed to that of task space through the mapping zk = J q   , or in general the transformation P = A&. Hence  , in order to obtain more specific latent query intents  , we often need to obtain rather a large number of latent query intents. Most tasks  , for example welding  , insertions  , and grasping   , require a higher precision than can be achieved by using artificial forces. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as The fuzzy logic is used to select the elements of the transformation matrix 1T which indirectly determine the contribution of each joint to the total motion. Figure 7shows the trajectory taken by the wheelchair green when the user attempts to follow a leader blue. Trajectories and maps were produced via Hector mapping 17; map regions are as follows: light grey represents known vacant space  , black represents known surfaces and dark grey represents unknown space; the grid cells are 1 metre square. Practically  , the document space is randomly sampled such that a finite number of samples   , which are called training data R ⊆ R  , are employed to build the model. Let us suppose there is a classifier such as h  , which is defined as h : R → C  , where h is a many-to-one mapping of the documents to the binary class space. Bound the marginal distributions in latent space In the previous section  , we have discussed how the marginal distribution difference can be bounded in the space W . The following theorem concludes that we can further bound the marginal distributions of two domains by the mapping T . Thus  , we develop a mechanism for efficient wordoverlap based reuse 33  by mapping sentence domain context to a multi-dimensional signature space and leveraging range searches in this space. In this paper  , our focus is not on developing better reuse metrics  , but on the efficient identification of reuse in large collections. Index schemes: There have been a number of proposals for finding near-duplicate documents in the database and web-search communities 21  , 37  , 10. To an abstract model  , m ∈ Design abst   , we apply a design space synthesis concretization function  , c  , to compute cm ⊂ Designconc  , the space of concrete design variants from which we want to choose a design to achieve desirable tradeoffs. The inputs of the system are assembly quality ternis  , i.e. , the elements of assenibly quality space U1  , while the outputs are the assembly operation strategies ant1 quality control strategies  , i.e. , the elements of assembly cx~ntrol strategy space U ,. The NFEPN niodel is also used to implement and optimize the mapping f 1 3 . In their original formulation  , these manipulability measures or ellipsoids considered only single-chain manipulators  , and were based on the mapping in task space trough the Jacobian matrix of the joint space unit ,a.ry balls qTq 5 1 and T ~ T 5 1. 11. A kinematic mapping f has a singularity at q when the rank of its Jacobian matrix Jf q drops below its maximum possible value  , which is the smaller of the dimensions k of the joint-space and n of the configuration space. The exponential commutes with its defining twist and its derivative is therefore: In computational biology  , it has been found that k-mers alone are not expressive enough to give optimal classification performance on genomic data. But what happens if the grasping configuration doesn't follow any of the simple built-in action models ? By dividing the mapping space into simple mappings  , more complex mappings could be learned over the whole object configuration space with a minimum number of experiments. In order to discuss and motivate the inverse kinematic function approach  , we must first describe the forward kinematics of a manipulator. A unique mapping will need additional constraints  , such as in the form of desired hand or foot position. In order to kinematically transform an RMP back to a humanoid robot  , one needs to generate a map from the 11– dimensional RMP space to the much larger robot kinematics space. Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. Each behavior is encoded as a fuzzy rule-base with a distinct mobile robot control policy governed by fuzzy inference. Resolvability provides a shared ontology  , that is a scheme allowing us to understand the relationships among various visual sensor configurations used for visual control. A key component of this measure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. is the Jacobian matrix and is a function of the extrinsic and intrinsic parameters of the visual sensor as well as the number of features tracked and their locations on the image plane. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as This set is called The above theorem states that points in the workspace close to obstacles  , relate to points in the configuration space with even less clearance. The mapping between workspace and configuration space is straightforward: A point p in the workspace corresponds to the set of configurations in C which have p as their position. News articles are also projected onto the Wikipedia topic space in the same way. Then  , the final mapping Φl of a location l into the Wikipedia topic space is the multiplication of the product vector and the local topic distribution. The motion strategy can be represented as a function mapping the information space onto the control space. motion commands corresponding to current knowledge of the system  , whose execution gives the robot the maximum probability of reaching a goal configuration from any initial configuration. In contrast to this direction of research  , relatively little research e.g. ,2 ,4 has involved the inverse kinematics -the direct mapping from the workspace to the joint space -for kinematically redundant manipulators. This resolved motion technique first determines the joint velocity using the pseudoinverse matrix  , and then incrementally determines the joint displacement; it thus transforms from workspace to joint space via joint velocity. These mapping methods are not widely used because they are not as efficient as the VSM. If the mappings to the topic space are performed correctly we are able to retrieve document at a higher precision than the vector space method. This fact is especially interesting if the data space is non-vectorial. The derivation of t from a induces a mapping  , cl  , from concrete designs to concrete loads parameterized by a choice of abstract load. As long as cm preserves a representation of a in its output  , then from any single design space model  , m  , we can synthesize a concrete design space  , and both abstract and concretized loads. Space is otherwise completely automatic: it analyzes the target application's source code and returns a list of bugs. Space Security Pattern Checker finds security bugs in Ruby on Rails 2 web applications  , and requires only that the user provide a mapping from application-defined resource types to the object types of the standard role-based model of access control RBAC 30  , 15 . A load/store using out of bounds values will immediately result in a hardware trap and we can safely abort the program . Note that we can reuse the high address space for different pools and so we have a gigabyte of address space on 32 bit linux systems for each pool for mapping the OOB objects. In the above definition  , it is equivalent to compute the traditional skyline  , having transformed all points in the new data space where point q is the origin and the absolute distances to q are used as mapping functions. Each point p = p 1   , p 2  in the original 2-dimensional space is transformed to a point Given a source logical expression space  , a target physical expression space  , and a goal an instance of Goal  , a Mapper instance will return a physical expression that meets whatever constraint is specified by the goal. The condition number and the determinant of the Jacobian matrix being equal to one  , the manipulator performs very well with regard to force and motion transmission. As opposed t o mapping < to new active joint space velocities through a given shape matrix Jcp   , this approach introduces additional joint space velocities using a new shape matrix . A more involved approach to redundant actuation is the introduction of entirely new actuators to the mechanism. Basically  , defuzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control action defined over an universe of discourse into a space of non-fuzzy control actions. Since we use the height defuzzification method  , we can specify a rule directly by assigning a real number instead of a linguistic value to pj which is to be optimized by EP. Although inany strategies can be used for performing the defuzzifi- cation 8  , we use the height defuzzification method given by where CF is a scale factor. As discussed in 21  , the measure is easily extendable to other visual sensors including multi-baseline stereo and laser rangefinders. The set of all possible twists at a given position and orientation of a rigid body is the tangent space at that point; it is represented by the tangent space at the origin of a chosen reference frame. Such a path is  , mathematically speaking  , a mapping from the real line  " time "  into the manifold. Among the collision-free paths that connect the initial and goal configurations  , some may be preferable because they will make more information available to the robot  , hence improving the knowledge of its current state. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 2F shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Before planning the vision-based motion  , the set of image features must be chosen. We also can define image features as a mapping from C. This means that a robot trajectory in configuration space will yield a trajectory in the image feature space. Fingerprint-based descriptors  , due to the hashing approach that they use  , lead to imprecise representations  , whereas the other three schemes are precise in the sense that there is a one-to-one mapping between fragments and dimensions of the descriptor space. The third dimension is associated with whether or not the fragments are being precisely represented in the descriptor space. Dimension reduction is the task of mapping points originally in high dimensional space to a lower dimensional sub-space  , while limiting the amount of lost information. 1 measurement of respondents' sensations  , feelings or impressions Dimension reduction techniques are one obvious solution to the problems caused by high dimensionality. Therefore  , the text query and the retrieved image are mapped to a common k-dimensional latent aspect space  , and then their similarity is measured by a dot product of the two vectors in the kdimensional space  , which is commonly used to measure the matching between textual vectors 1. Instead  , the map is created with consideration to where the ASRs are with respect to each other and the robot. Similar to a  we project these unreachable positions back to the closest reachable position in the workspace. In this section  , the results of numerical simulation of the Stiffness mapping between 2-dof cylindrical space and 2-dof joint space using both direct and indirect CCT are presented. Kc  , =  0 The initial values of joint stiffness matrix and joint torque in Figure 6are The former problem may be solved by the use of perfect hash functions  , such as those proposed in 1 ,2 ,3 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,9 ,10 ,26 ,28 ,301  , where a perfect hash function is defined as a oneto-one mapping frcxn the key set into the address space. Secondly  , the address space cannot easily be changed dynamically. As a result of COSA  , they resolve a synonym problem and introduce more general concepts in the vector space to easily identify related topics 10. The authors apply an ontology during the construction of a vector space representation by mapping terms in documents to ontology concepts and then aggregating concepts based on the concept hierarchy  , which is called concept selection and aggregation COSA. , where each column of Wp and Wq generates one bit of hash code for the p th and q th modal. The indexing relation is of the kind defined in IOTA Ker84In this chapter we present  , first  , the query language structure. If X and Y are input and output universes of discourse of a behavior with a rule-base of size n  , the usual fuzzy if-then rule takes the following form Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. where a k are comers of the n-dimensional unit activation hypercube  , or the set of all combinations of minimally and maximally activated muscles. Dehzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control actions defined over an output universe of discourse into a space of nonfuzzy control actions. Ail and A12 are the membership function in the antecedent part  , B  , is the membership function in the consequent part. A specific form of the ho­ mography is derived and decomposed to interpolate a unique path. A homography is a mapping from 2-D projective space to 2-D projective space  , which is used here to define the 2-D displacement transformation between two ob­ ject poses in the image. Daumé and Brill 5 extracted suggestions based on document clusters that have common top-ranked documents. Examples are presented to demonstrate the computational and the corresponding regional transformation: The resolvability ellip- soid 5 illustrates the directional nature of resolvability  , and can be used to direct camera motion and adjust camera intrinsic parameters in real-time so that the servoing accuracy of the visual servoing system improves with camera-lens motion.   , it is very tlifficidt to implement and optimize the mapping f l : l iising the mathematical or numeric approaches. In other words  , it is sufficient Remarkably  , in this case the optimization problem corresponds to finding the flattest function in the feature space  , not in the input space. Hence  , the key idea to overcome the problem of dimerisionality is the use of kernel functions for establishing an implicit mapping between the input and the feature spaces. Consequently several projections or maps of the hyperbolic space were developed  , four are especially well examined: i the Minkowski  , ii the upperhalf plane  , iii the Klein-Beltrami  , and iv the Poincaré or disk mapping. But it lays in the nature of a curvated space to resist the attempt to simultaneously achieve these goals. One advantage of this is that the high dimensional representation  , e.g. , the word cloud  , can convey some information about the document on its own. A fundamental assumption for multimodal retrieval is that by mapping objects in a modalityconsistent latent space  , the latent space representations of semantically relevant inter-modal pairs should be consistent. The most desirable value of multimodal retrieval is to enable transfer of knowledge across different modalities so that cross-modal retrieval performance can be improved. Tradeoffs   , Pareto-optimal solutions  , and other critical information can then be read from the results. In that case  , mapping this vector of functions or  , equivalently  , this vector-valued function across the points in the space yields a multi-dimensional  , non-functional property image of the design space. The use of a solid arrow to make this connection denotes that this mapping from the problem level to the solution level facilitates two goals  , in this case both the generation of new variants and also expedited navigation. Hence in Figure 1 we connect the Functional variation dimension in the problem space to the Nominal flow change dimension in the solution space. Scans from a triangle of points in pose-space will project to a non-Euclidean triangle of points in eigenspace. This is generated during mapping; as the robot moves into unvisited areas  , it drops nodes at regular intervals  , and when it moves between existing nodes it connects them. It is also given a set of nodes in 2D-space with edges between them  , constituting a navigation graph which represents known robot-navigable space 6. Interpolating a viable object path for a given object displacement requires knowledge of the initial and fi­ nal poses as well as how the object is to be displaced. A good example of the use of geometry within this application is the mapping of two dimensional views of the roadway into a three dimensional representation which can be used for navigation. It is clear that a robust solution to this problem must involve as much generic information as possible about space and the relationship between objects in space. Repeatability is guaranteed in the augmented Jacobian method because repeated task-space motion is carried out with repeated joint-space motion  , whereas in the resolved motion method repeatability is not guaranteed. It is widely stated 3 ,that the difference between the two inverse mapping techniques lies in the repeatability. Valuable prior research has been conducted in this direction for learning hashing codes and mapping function with techniques such as unsupervised learning and supervised learning. Semantic hashing has been proposed for the problem to map data examples like documents in a high-dimensional space e.g. , a vector space of keywords in the vocabulary into a low-dimensional binary vector space  , which at the same time preserves the semantic relationship of the data examples as much as possible. Attempting a strategy which would require the user to lead the point " inside " such structures  , with no knowledge of which entrance leads to the target and which to a dead-end  , is likely to negate the human ability to see " the big picture " and degenerate into an exhaustive search of the insides of Cspace obstacles. For each data item in the compressed data  , a backward mapping is necessary to discover the coordinates of the original space  , so that a new position can be computed corresponding to the new requdsted space. These operators  , however  , rely heavily on the ability to dis cover efficiently  , given an arbitrary position in the compressed data  , the corresponding logical position in the original dntabase   , in order to reposition the data items in the new transposed space. The unique mapping maps the energies of each DoF V θ ,ψi with the appropriate phases to the force trajectory F p ,x t by neglecting the influence of handle motion ˙ r. The energies V θ ,ψi and phases ϕ θ ,ψi span a transformed state space. It is clear that the most difficult phase of object recognition is making the pointwise mapping from model to scene. The considerable computation and space requirements such an approach would usually entail are avoided by using a sparse  , minimal feature that is easily extracted to reduce the number of features that can exist in a given scene  , and by decomposing the dimensions of transform space  , and by eliminating empty regions of transform space early in the search. Second  , since it is not known initially how many steps are required for the solution  , we start with one step transition and gradually increase the number of steps as required. Formally  , any density matrix ρ assigns a quantum probability for each quantum event in vector space R n   , thereby uniquely determining a quantum probability distribution over the vector space. The Gleason's Theorem 2 can prove the existence of a mapping function µρ|vv| = trρ|vv| for any vector v given a density matrix ρ ∈ S n S n is the density matrix space containing all n-by-n positive semi-definite matrices with trace 1  , i.e. , trρ = 1. We map the human hand motion to control the dexterous robot hand when performing power grasps  , the system adopts the joint space mapping method that motions of human hand joints are directly transferred to the robot hand and the operator can adjust the posture interactively; when performing the precise tasks  , the system adopts the modified fingertip position mapping method. 7. In the teleoperation system  , we use the space mouse as the 3D input device  , which has six DOFs and can control the end point position and pose of the Staubli RX60 robot. A recent work has shown that a finger or manipulator should have at least the same number of active joints as the number of independent elements of the desired operational compliance matrix to modulate the desired compliance characteristic in the operational space 5. To find the stiffness in the joint space of each finger  , first we have to compute the unique Jacobian relation; particularly  , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closed-loop structured finger  , the backward mapping is unique 5. Force sensors are built into HITDLR hand. The procedure of computing the fingertip stiffness for the given object stiffness can be consequently summarized as below. Performing this mapping also provides a means to model the relationship between question semantics and existing question-answer semantics which will be discussed further in Sect. This information is augmented with that derived from the set of answer terms  , thus by mapping a query question to the space of question-answers it is possible to calculate its similarity using words that do not exist in the question vocabulary and therefore are not represented in the topic distribution T Q . Mapping the distribution of question topics to the distribution of question-answer topics avoids problems that occur when limited vocabularies are used in a question . Relation a  , an abstraction relation  , explains how any given concrete design  , d ∈ cm  , instantiates i.e. , is a logical model of its abstract model  , m. Function c is specified once for any given abstract modeling language  , as a semantic mapping predicate in our relational logic. This mapping is described by As in 2  , see also 3  , 4  , 5  , 7  , 8  , we assume that the image features are the projection into the 2D image plane of 3D poims in the scene space  , hence we model the action of the camera as a static mapping from the joint robot positions q E JR 2 to the position in pixels of the robot tip in the image out­ put  , denoted y E JR2. This way of sharing parameters allows the domains that do not have enough information to learn good mapping through other domains which have more data. The intuition for having this objective function is to try to find a single mapping for user's features  , namely Wu  , that can transform users features into a space that matches all different items the user liked in different views/domains. A pointer in each entry of the mapping table would lead to what is essentially an overflow chain stored on the magnetic disc of records that are assigned to the hash bucket but which have not yet been archived on the optical disc. To improve efficiency  , and in particular space utilization   , implementing hashing for a file stored on a WORM disc will involve some degree of buffering on a magnetic disc for both the mapping table and the contents of hash buckets. These mapping matrices are calculated for a given coil arrangement by treating the coils as magnetic dipoles in space and are calibrated through workspace measurements as outlined in 11  , 10. where each element of I is current through each of the c coils  , B is a 3 × c matrix mapping these coil currents to the magnetic field vector B and B x   , B y   , B z are the 3 × c matrices mapping the coil currents to the magnetic field spatial gradients in the x  , y and z directions  , respectively. However  , since the thumb and the ATX are coupled by the position constraints at the attachment points  , a unique mapping can be achieved between the degrees of freedom of the thumb and the ATX leading to the redundancy of the coupled system the same as that of the thumb alone. Thus  , for a given task-space trajectory  , there will be an infinite number of possible joint-space trajectories for both the thumb and the ATX. These internal points are hidden within the polytope P and they do not contribute to manipulability information. Determining manipulability polytope requires the mapping of an n-dimensional polytope Q in joint space to an m-dimensional polytope P in task space by the transformation P = AQ with n > m. It is known that one part of the hypercube vertices becomes final zonotope vertices5  while the remainder become internal points of P . Using a known object model the interpolation of thi  , desired path can then be represented in the task space by a 3-D reconstruc­ tion or mapped directly to the image space. A desired path can be uniquely defined by chOOSing a particular decomposition of the 2-D homography or collineation mapping the projec­ tive displacement of the object features between the initial and final image poses. By performing a singular value decomposition 8 on the task space to sensor space Jacobian  , and analyzing the singular values of J and the eigenvectors of JTJ which result from the decomposition  , the directional properties of the ability of the sensor to resolve positions and orientations becomes apparent. The following sections briefly describe the derivation of the Jacobian mapping and analyze the Jacobian for various vision and force sensor configurations. From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. In the context of multi-robot coordination  , dynamic task allocation can be viewed as the selection of appropriate actions lo for each robot at each point in time so as to achieve the completion of the global task by the team as a whole. The 3D Tractus was designed to support direct mapping between its physical space to the task virtual space  , and can be viewed as a minimal and inexpensive sketch-based variant of the Boom Chameleon 14. The 3D Tractus height is being tracked using a simple sensor and the stylus surface position is tracked through a tablet PC or any other touch sensitive surface interface 5. Assuming that spatial and temporal facets of concepts are potentially useful not only in human understanding but also in computing applications  , we introduce a technique for automatically associating time and space to all concepts found in Wikipedia  , providing what we believe to be the largest scale spatiotemporal mapping of concepts yet attempted. When we read a story  , we place naturally characters in time and space that provide us with further context to understand. In addition to the object-oriented description of a perspective we define a navigation path where the navigation space is restricted depending on the selected perspective. The navigation space is defined by the semantic distance between the initial concept and other related concepts. While she uses salience values to describe a metric of object similarity  , we have chosen a fuzzy set approach for mapping user terminology to the represented domain knowledge  , described in more detail in Kracke@ 1. The manipulability polytope is also more practical when the maximum velocity and/or torque of each joint is given. In order to incorporate the curiosity information   , we create a user-item curiousness matrix C with the same size as R  , and each entry cu ,i denotes u's curiousness about item i. Specifically  , MFCF maps both users and items to a latent space  , denoted as R ≈ U T V   , where U ∈ R l×m and V ∈ R l×n with l < minm  , n  , represent the users' and items' mapping to the latent space  , respectively. When users ask for a particular region  , a small cube within the data space  , we can map all the points in the query to their index and evaluate the query conditions over the resulting rows. For example  , we could map the x  , y  , and z coordinates of a data point to a single integer by using a well-known mapping function or a space-filling curve and physically order the points by three attributes at the same time. For each document in X represented as one row in X  , the corresponding row in V explicitly gives its projection in V. A is sometimes called factor loadings and gives the mapping from latent space V to input space X . Each column of V corresponds to one latent variable or latent semantic  , and by V T V = I we constrain that they are uncorrelated and each has unit variance 1 . If intervals are represented more naturally   , as line segments in a two-dimensional value-interval space  , Guttman's R-tree 15  or one of its variants including R+-tree 29 and R*-tree 1  could be used. If only multidimensional points are supported  , as in the k-d-B-tree 27  , mapping an interval  , value pair to a triplet consisting of lower bound  , upper bound  , and value allows the intervals to be represented by points in threedimensional space. A sufficient condition is that the mapping defined by the task function between the sensor space and the configuration space is onto for each t within O ,T. We recall that the feasibility of a task defined by a task function and an initial condition lies in the existence of a solution F *  t  to the equation e@  , t  = 0 for each t within O  , TI. According to the Jordan Curve Theorem  , any closed curve homeomorphic t o a circle drawn around and in the vicinity of a given point on an orientable surface divides the surface into two separate domains for which the curve is their common boundaryll. Then  , Space uses the  Alloy Analyzer—an automatic bounded verifier for the Alloy language—to compare the specialized constraints to our pattern catalog which is also specified in Alloy. Space extracts the data exposures from an application using symbolic execution  , specializes the constraints on those exposures to the types of role-based access control using the mapping provided by the user  , and exports the specialized constraints to an Alloy specification. As this technique offers conceptual simplicity   , it will be pursued. As a request must search the Q buckets contained in the fraction of the volume of the address space as defined by the request  , one method of mapping to these buckets would be to generate all possible combinations of attribute sets containing the request attributes and map to the address space one to one for each possible combina- tion. Successively  , this germinal idea was further developed  , considering the dynamics a  , multiple arms 35  , defective systems and different motion capabilities of the robotic devices 6  , 83  , wire-based manipulators  , 9  , 101. So the joint-space trajectories of the thumb can be determined by the joint-space trajectories of the ATX and vice versa. In this paper we describe the 3D Tractus-based robotic interface  , with its current use for controlling a group of robots composed of independent AIBO robot dogs and virtual software entities. This is just one method of generating a query map  , if we look further at types of mappings  , we will realise that the possibilities are endless. Instead of calculating the document scores in the latent topic space  , we can use the mapping to extract related query terms from the topic space and use an inverted index to calculate the document scores in a faster time. Spatial databases have numerous applications  , including geographic information systems  , medical image databases ACF+94   , multimedia databases after extracting n features from each object  , and mapping it into a point in n-d space Jaggl  , FRM94  , as well as traditional databases  , where each record with n attributes can be considered as a point in n-dimensional space Giit94. fractional values for the dimensionality  , which are called fractal dimensions. In order to guarantee the fast retrieval of the data stored in these databases  , spatial access methods are typically used. HiSbase combines these techniques with histograms for preserving data locality  , spatial data structures such as the quad- tree 8 for efficient access to histogram buckets  , and space filling curves 6 for mapping histogram buckets to the DHT key space. HiSbase realizes a scalable information economy 1 by building on advances in proven DHT-based P2P systems such as Chord 10 and Pastry 7   , as well as on achievements in P2P-based query pro- cessing 4. L is the number of attributes in a request i~ L~ M . In this section  , we describe an example open-source application MediumClone and demonstrate how we used Space to find security bugs in its implementation. However they are not adequate to accurately estimate the actual performance achievable at the End Effector EE for two main reasons: the ellipsoids  , or 'hyperellipsoids' in R m   , derive from the mapping to the task space of hyperspheres in the normalized joint space  , while the set of joint performances is typically characterized by hypercubes  , i.e. respectively: closeness to singularity  , isotropicity of performances and maximum performance irrespectively of the direction mentioned above. Since a continuous state s ∈ S specifies the placement of objects  , one can determine whether or not the predicate holds at s. This interpretation of which predicates actually hold at a continuous state provides a mapping from the continuous space to the discrete space  , denoted as a function map S →Q : S → Q. As an example  , Onbook  , table holds iff the book is actually on the table. Moreover  , trajectories over S give meaning to the actions in the discrete specification. For the single stance motion  , we modify the animation motion to be suitable for the robot by 1 keeping the stance foot flat on the ground  , and 2 mapping the motion in the Euclidean space into the robot's configuration space. We do not generate target motions for the double support phase  , since it is relatively short and there is not much freedom in the motion since both feet remains at their positions. Using our fully decoupled tracker and mapper design and fast image space tracking  , we are able to compute the pose estimates on the MAV in constant time at 4.39 ms while building the growing global map on the ground station. We have divided the full SLAM problem into a fast monocular image space tracking MIST on the MAV and a keyframe-based smoothing and mapping on the ground station. The approach we take is to use an online optimization of one-step lmkahead  , choosing trajectories that maximize the space explored while minimizing the likelihood we will become lost on re-entering the map. If we choose trajectories that can explore the space rapidly but allow us to return to the mapped regions sufficiently often to avoid tracking errors or mapping errors  , then we can avoid such problems. each joint performance is bounded by +/-a maximum value; the ellipsoids are formulated using task space vectors that are not homogeneous from a dimensional viewpoint  , to take into account both translational and rotational performances; the weight matrices used to normalize do not provide unique results this problem had already been identified in 5. In such a case there is one dominant direction  , which is reflected in one slot  , see figure 3 -d. The advising orientation depends on the pq-histogram quadrant where the peak is found. The position of this peak will give us a rough estimate of the free space; that is  , there is a direct mapping between the location of peak in the histogram and the angle of the free space in the image  , see figure 3-d. A single pq-histogram returns only one orientation for the free space  , which is appropriate if we are observing a wall. Overall  , the mapping of linguistic properties of the quotes in the latent bias space is surprisingly consistent  , and suggest that out-an longer  , variable period of time 32. On the negative end of the spectrum  , corresponding to international outlets  , we find words such as countries  , international  , relationship  , alliance and country names such as Iran  , China  , Pakistan  , and Afghanistan. We do not describe the mechanism of such automation due to the scope and the space limitation of this paper. the mapping from the stereotyped association to ModelElements that can reify the association can be defined formally with OCL 23 and thus allow automatically checking whether a given UML model is an instance of a given pattern. The proliferation of generated components is the main limitation of the naive method-to-component mapping. The component taxonomy can come to the rescue here-if we use it to produce a convenient number of reasonably efficient generic components that is  , a suitably parameterized component for judiciously chosen points in the space. The results 812 were encouraging but mixed and revealed some shortcomings of the AspectJ design with respect to its usability in this context. To ease the design and evolution of integrated systems  , mapping of the mediator approach into the design space of AspectJ 1 was attempted. Notice that it is possible for two distinct search keys to be mapped to the same point in the k-dimensional space under this mapping. We shall refer to the resultant multi-dimensional index structure as the bitstring-augmented multi-dimensional index. Schema mappings are inserted at the key space corresponding to the source schema at the overlay layer – or at the key spaces corresponding to both schemas if the mapping is bidirectional: U pdateSchema M apping ≡ U pdateSource Schema Key  , Schema M apping. Queries are then reformulated by replacing the predicates with the definition of their equivalent or subsumed predicates view unfolding. They use minimal space  , providing that the size is known in advance or that growth is not a problem e.g. , that one can somehow use the underlying mapping hardware of virtual memory to make the array grow gracefully. Existing Index Structures Arrays are used as index structures in IBM's OBE project Amma85. By mapping one-dimensional intervals to a two-dimensional space  , we illustrate that the problem of indexing uncertainty with probabilities is significantly harder than interval indexing  , which is considered a well-studied problem. We then change our focus to study the theoretical complexity of indexing uncertainty  , and argue that there is no formerly known optimal solution that is applicable to this problem. In the information visualization field  , mapping of data variables on the display space is often performed by means of visual attributes like color  , transparency  , object size  , or object position. A solution for visualizing icon-based cluster content summaries combined with graph layouts can be found in 8 from the information visualization research field. The local internal schema consists of a logical schema  , storage schema  , level schema. The physical schema describes the mapping of data to the memory stora e space managed by the operating system The hlg 3 level schema is a description of an application data view and it describes the next local conceptual schema in detail. The error involved in such an assignment will increase as the difference in effective table sizes between the new query and the leader increases. It is only if the cluster's space is covered by more than one plan  , that there will be an error in prediction because all the queries mapping to this cluster will be assigned the plan associated with the query leader. Within these triangles  , users were asked to compare the three systems by plotting a point closest to the best performing system  , and furthest from the worst. Space does not permit a detailed description of the experiment  , but Figure 6provides a summary by mapping out participants' responses to two questions: which system made tasks easiest to complete  , and which system they preferred overall. For example  , the question string " Where is the Hudson River located ? " In order to generate queries providing high precision coverage of the answer space for a given question  , custom rules were developed providing a mapping from a given question type to a set of paraphrasing patterns which would generate alternative queries. That mapping is probably the most direct  , but it leaves a number of Figure 8: Grah representation for a tetrahedral truss structure with 102 struts shown in Figure 1 empty cells. However  , the large number of cells necessary for precise mapping results in time-consuming grid update procedures. In certainty grids space is represented by a grid with each cell holding a value corresponding to the probability that an obstacle is located in that region. The master workspace was transformed into a cylindrical shaped space to assist the operator in maintaining smooth motion along a curved surface. The method of variable mapping of master t o slave motion was successfully applied to manipulation assistance in a cylindrical environment. Finally  , we introduce two applications of ILM that bring out its potential: first  , Diffusion Mapping is an approach where a highly redundant team of simple robots is used to map out a previously unknown environment  , simply by virtue of recording the localization and line-of-sight traces  , which provide a detailed picture of the navigable space. in the solution. This trajectory  , moreover  , is generate in advance. In case of the NEC PC-9821Bp 486DX2-66MHz  , the mapping of the obstacles and the possible motion area from the workspace to the posture space totally takes about 20 minutes  , however  , the generation of the obstacle avoidance trajectory only takes 0.36 seconds. However  , our experience with doing this using an optimal control approach is that the computational cost of adding many obstacles can be significant. The RRC manipulator used in this task is equipped with a Multibus-based servo control unit located in a separate cabinet. This extender allows a high-speed bidirectional shared memory interface between the two buses by mapping the memory locations used by the Multibus directly into the memory space of the PC. Since there is no natural mapping of documents to vectors in this setting  , the procedure for posts is similar. To create the topic vectors in this word-centric vector space  , we compute a weighted sum of words from the previously computed sensitive topic distributions . However  , most existing research on semantic hashing is only based on content similarity computed in the original keyword feature space. Most importantly  , the manipulability definitions are independent of the choice of parametrization for these two spaces  , as well as the kinematic mapping. For example  , the actuator characteristics are reflected in the choice of a Riemannian metric for the joint and tool frame configuration space manifolds  , or one can even include inertial parameters in the Riemannian metric to obtain a formulation for dynamic manipulablilit-y. Due to the geometrical structure of the state space and the nature of the Jacobian mapping between joint velocities and rates of change of a behavioral variable see eq. The forcelet erected over the control variables for each behavioral goal accelerates the joint angles in a direction that changes the behavioral variable in the desired way. Having a single groundstation supporting multiple low-cost MAVs while building a single globally consistent map may be a trivial solution to creating a centralized multi-robot system. Tightening the bounds in the same figure by more frequent archiving will lead to a large improvement in our model. Higher primates  , including humans  , exhibit a space-variant pattern in which the highest resolution is concentrated in the center of the field of view  , called the fovea  , with uniformly decreasing resolution to the periphery of the field of view. On the other hand  , the inverse kinematic method has symbolic solutions only in types of manipulator kinematics 7. However  , this method -be it symbolic or numerical -is attractive because of the direct mapping from the workspace to joint space  , fixing most of the aforementioned problems of the resolved motion method. The outer radius rout is defined by the smallest circumscribed sphere with the reference point of the robot as its center. On-line control command is calculated mapped from the learned lookup table with the on-line sampled new sensor signals. Summarizing  , in this paper we present a framework for solving efficiently the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multi-dimensional quasi-identifiers to 1-D space. 21 are worse in terms of information loss and they are considerably slower. In the context of a search engine  , inverted index compression encoding is usually infrequent compared to decompression decoding   , which must be performed for every uncached query. Although we have to store a mapping table for fast block locating  , the extra space occupied by it is much smaller than that used by the inverted index itself. During the mapping of FMSVs  , the most effective heuristic feature sets are selected to ensure reasonable prediction accuracy. 3 and to map text information into DVs for social information related music dimensions 13  , a supervised learning based scheme  , called CompositeMap  , is developed to generate a new feature space. In order to establish a representation of the environment configuration  , we transformed the calculated depth to a safety distribution histogram. By a random exploration which is limited  , according to the low mobility  , the system will associate perceptive sktes and sequences of action that pennit to reach its goal particular context. This is another issue that has seen a great deal of exploratory research  , including studies of offices and real desks 6. In our system  , tags provide an additional basis for mapping the document space  , reflecting our focus on the organization of a local workspace. For example  , pattern matching classes that encode multi- DoF motions 22 or force functions for each joint 9; or direct control within a reduced dimensionality space 14. Recent academic work within the field of simultaneous control thus has emphasized alternative mapping paradigms. For example  , a mapping in the coordinate space of a dictionary which contains two identical elements would result in two identical coefficients  , each corresponding to the contribution of one of the identical dictionary elements. In the current work we adopt a centroid-based representation  , where every dimension v i ,j corresponds to the distance between the contour point s i ,j and the contour's mass center. However  , our study shows that fractal dimensions have promising properties and we believe that these dimensions are important as such. This means that the methods in this paper do not provide a mapping to a lower-dimensional space  , and hence traditional applications  , such as feature reduction  , are not directly possible. They also use a query-pruning technique  , based on word frequencies  , to speed up query execution. Iceberg queries 7 uments and their associated term frequencies in relational tables  , as well as for mapping boolean and vector-space queries into standard SQL queries. For example  , outlets on the conservative side of the latent ideological spectrum are more likely to select Obama's quotes that contain more negations and negative sentiment  , portraying an overly negative character. By mapping the quotes onto the same latent space  , our method also reveals how the systematic patterns of the media operate at a linguistic level. The constraints associated with these exposures and the user-provided mapping are passed through a constraint specializer  , which re-casts the constraints in terms of the types in our pattern catalog. Space uses symbolic execution to extract the set of data exposures 25 from the source code of a Ruby on Rails application. Then  , Space uses the Alloy Analyzer to perform automatic bounded verification that each data exposure allowed by the application is also allowed by our catalog. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive We examined the code of the applications in our experiment for precisely this situation—security policies intended based on evidence in the code itself to be more restrictive than the corresponding patterns in our catalog—and found none. Q4 no results presented due to lack of space features the 'BEFORE' predicate which may be expensive to evaluate. We remark that System C also uses a data mapping in the spirit of 23  that results in comparatively simple and efficient execution plans and thus outperforms all other systems for Q2 and Q3. This makes it very difficult for GA to identify the correct mapping for an item. This happens because the space of possible one-to-n mappings is huge and it is possible to find many candidate mappings having similar i.e. , slightly lower fitness value. Figure 2shows a simple example of query reformulation. Thus  , LSH can be employed to group highly similar blocks in buckets  , so that it suffices it compare blocks contained in the same bucket. In our case  , blocks are the items that are represented in the high-dimensional space of E or E 1 and E 2  through Block Mapping. To avoid epoch numbers from growing without bound and consuming extra space  , we plan to " reclaim " epochs that are no longer needed. To allow users to refer to a particular realworld time when their query should start  , we maintain a table mapping epoch numbers to times  , and start the query as of the epoch nearest to the user-specified time. To handle this sort of problem  , space-filling curves as Z-order or Hilbert curves  , for instance  , have been successfully engaged for multi-dimensional indexing in recent years 24 . Based on the findings from our evaluations  , we propose a hybrid approach that benefits from the strength of the graph-based approach in visualising the search space  , while attempting to balance the time and effort required during query formulation using a NL input feature. Their methodology is based on mapping the underlying domain ontologies into views  , which facilitates view-based search. This system may be implemented in SMART using the set of modules shown in figure 4. If the joint torque signal provides a poor measure of the tool contact forces  , then a force sensor may be used in conjunction with the master  , but the forces from the sensor must be brought into joint space by mapping through the manipulator Jacobian. 2  , this direction changes during movement  , even in the absence of other perturbations. Therefore  , we can control the closed-chain system with the same control structure in Equation This immediately provides an important result; the dynamically consistent null space mapping matrix for the closed-chain system is the same as the one for the open-chain system   , N in Equation 9. The time savings would be crucial in real-world applications when the category space is much larger and a real-time response of category ranking is required . The actual mapping time was reduced from 2.2 CPU seconds per document to 0.40 seconds. But since only partial term-document mapping is preserved  , a loss in retrieval performance is inevitable. This technique was proposed to mitigate the efficiency issue caused by operating a large index  , for that a smaller index loads faster  , occupies less disk space  , and has better query throughput. The expected disc space consumption for a buffered hashing organization BHash for WORM optical d.iscs is analyzed in 191. The " new " records will be merged with the old logically undeleted ones already bon the optical disc and written together on new tracks; the mapping table will also be updated to reflect the changes. Based on that  , a bridging mapping is learned to seamlessly connect these individual hamming spaces for cross-modal hashing . In this paper  , we propose a novel technique by learning distinct hamming space so as to well preserve the flexible and discriminative local structure of each modality. In addition  , superposition events come with a flexible way in quantifying how much evidence the observation of dependency κ brings to its component terms. The proposed mapping allows for the representation of relationships within a group of terms by creating a new quantum event in the same n-dimensional space. The order of this list was fixed to give a one-to-one mapping of distinct terms and dimensions of the vector space. Given the entire collection of shots  , we obtained a list of all of the distinct terms that appear in the ASR for the collection. Secondly  , transaction language constructs should be functions in the logic such that transactions can be represented as expressions mapping states to states that can be composed to form new transactions . The set of states should characterize the space of database evolution. This section contains the results of running several variations of the traversal portion of the 001 benchmark using the small benchmark database of 20 ,000 objects. Given our understanding of how OS works  , we believe this is partially due to the overhead of mapping data into the client's address space. Through repetitively replacing bad vertices with better points the simplex moves downhill. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. We used the simplex downhill method Nelder and Mead 1965 for the minimization. 4.3 on a training data set. If the temperature T is reduced slowly enough  , the downhill Simplex method shrinks into the region containing the lowest minimum value. Downhill Simplex method approximates the size of the region that can be reached at temperature T  , and it samples new points. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. For doing that  , the downhill Simplex method takes a set of steps. Figure 1shows appropriate sequences of such steps. As a downhill simplex method  , an initial guess of the intrinsic camera parameters is required for further calculation . Due to space limitation  , we will not enumerate these results here. Then  , the intensity p 0 was estimated from the retweet sequence of interest by using the fitting procedure developed in section 3.3. At high temperatures most moves are accepted and the simplex roams freely over the search space. Therefore while any move that is a true downhill step will be accepted  , some additional uphill steps will also be accepted. A simplex is simply a set of N+l guesses  , or vertices  , of the N-dimensional statevector sought and the error associated with each guess. For example we are solving for six registration parameters translation and rotation; therefore the simplex has 7 vertices and the error associated with each of the vertices. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. In contrast  , Nelder and Mead's Downhill -Simplex method requires much stricter control over which policies are evaluated. The robust downhill simplex method is employed to solve this equation. Since the W matrix has only four independent parameters  , four point matches in t ,he whole set of three image frames are minimally sufficient to solve for W matrix using equation 23. After finding out the results of t evaluations  , each robot could then independently perform the calculation to determine the next policy  ?r and continue with the next iteration. Viterbi recognizer search. This means that hypotheses about specific entities must be considered in the e.g. References will usually denote entities contained in the discourse model  , which is updated after every utterance with entities introduced in that utterance. When optimizing the model the most likely path through the second level model is sought by the Viterbi approxima- tion 24 . The modeled eye movement features are described in Section 4.1. Even though we have described the tasks of content selection and surface realization separately  , in practice OCELOT selects and arranges words simultaneously when constructing a summary . We apply generic Viterbi search techniques to efficiently find a near-optimal summary 7. This approach is similar to the one described in  Second  , we tested a more sophisticated named entity recognizer NER based upon a regularized maximum entropy classifier with Viterbi decoding. The sequence of states is seen as a preliminary segmentation. A 3-state Viterbi decoder is first used to find the most likely sequence of states given a stream. The decoder can handle position-dependent  , cross-word triphones and lexicons with contextual pronunciations. It is a time-synchronous Viterbi decoder with dynamic expansion of LM state conditioned lexical trees 3  , 18  , 20  with acoustic and language model lookaheads. served as ranking criterion. σ  , the number of documents to which a cluster's score is distributed Equation 3: {5 ,10 ,20 ,30 ,40} ρ  , the number of rounds: 1–2  , Cluster-Audition; 1–5  , Viterbi Doc-Audition and Doc-Audition. To bootstrap this rst training stage  , an initial state-level segmentation was obtained by a Viterbi alignment using our last evaluation system. In the rst stage  , a context independent system was build. This is a typical decoding task  , and the Viterbi decoding technique can be used. Once the score s is found  , it possible to align each frame of the performance with the corresponding event in the score. where y* is the class label with the highest posterior probability under the model IJ  , or the most likely label sequence the Viterbi parse. Il;PyT IXi; IJ  , where yT is the most likely label of the token Xi a linelblock in the title page of a book in the instance x a book. We have improved the Viterbi-based splitting model feeding it with a dataset larger than the one used in 1. Hash tag splitting As we did in 1  , in addition to the words of the tweet  , we have used a hashtag splitter to split the compound words representing the hashtags in common English words. The Viterbi Doc-Audition scoring method is a straightforward procedure that ranks those documents with repertoires containing a highly-weighted pseudoquery above those that are top renderers only of lowerweighted ones. We begin by restricting our consideration of possible renderers to documents. 2 A Viterbi distribution emitting the probability of the sequence of words in a sentence. Each state has the following exponential family emission distributions: 1 A multinomial distribution emitting the relevance of the line  , r. This distribution is fixed; for each state one of the probabilities is one and the other is zero. We can also adjust the model parameters such as transition  , emission and initial probabilities to maximize the probability of an observable sequence. The Viterbi path contains seven states as the seventh state was generated by the sixth state and a transition to the seventh state. Modelling the speech signal could be approached through developing acoustic and language models. There are many approaches for doing this search  , the most common approach that is currently used is Viterbi beam search that searches for the best decoding hypothesis with the possibility to prune away the hypotheses with small scores. τ1  , the number of best renderers retrieved at the first iteration: {5} ∪ {10  , 20  , ..  , 100} ∪ {200  , 300  , 400  , 500}. Augmenting each word with its possible document positions  , we therefore have the input for the Viterbi program  , as shown below: For this 48-word sentence  , there are a total of 5.08 × 10 27 possible position sequences. Stemming can be performed before indexing  , although it is not used in this example. We have used the Google N-grams collection 6   , taking the frequency of words from the English One Million collection of Google books from years 1999 to 2009. That is  , the system produces a gist of a document d by searching over all candidates g to find that gist which maximizes the product of a content selection term and a surface realization term. In this step  , if any document sentence contributes only stop words for the summary  , the matching is cancelled since the stop words are more likely to be inserted by humans rather than coming from the original document. The Viterbi program assigns each word in the input sequence a position in the document  , as long as the word appears in the document at least once. Scores are assigned to each expansion by combining the backward score g  , computed by the translation model from the end to the current position of i  , and the forward score h computed by the Viterbi search from the initial to the current position of i. Otherwise  , all possible one-word expansions of it are computed. 4 to be 0.0019 and the optimum path of states for this observation sequence is {FD  , WQ  , WQ  , CS  , FD  , FD  , FD} with probability 1.59exp-5. The actual decoding of the speech utterance is based on searching the acoustic and language models to find out the best fitting hypothesis. To appl9 machine learning to this problem  , we need a large collection of gistcd web pages for training. As mentioned earlier  , the most successful technique has been to apply Viterbi-type search procedure  , and this is the strategy that OCELOT adopts. There are a number of possible criteria for the optimality of decoding  , the most widely used being Viterbi decoding. Decoding is the attempt to uncover the hidden part of the model  , and it can be used to align couples of sequences. The connection to VT should be clear: if one introduces the hidden variable I denoting the index of the model that generated the sequence Y as a non-emitting state then the procedure can be thought of as the partial Viterbi alignment of Y to the states where only the alignment w.r.t. In order to mitigate this effect  , we adopted an intermediate option in which each sequence is assigned to the model that is the most likely to generate it. Therefore  , every word is determined a most likely document tion. The intermediate output of the Viterbi program is shown as follows: arthur : 1 ,01 b : 1 ,11 sackler : 1 ,21 2 ,340.6 .. 12 ,20.5 .. : the : 0 ,210.0019 0 ,260.0027 .. 23 ,440.0014 internet : 0 ,270.0027 1 ,390.0016 .. 18 ,160.0014 unique : 0 ,280.0027 Choosing the sequence with the highest score  , we find the most likely position sequence. Two-stage hill climbing 5.2.1. T o obtain a successor node during hill climbing mode  , the following steps are taken. Let the cmt at any node m for hill climbing. In the hybrid SSH  , localization by hill-climbing is replaced by localization in an LPIM. following and hill-climbing control laws  , moving between and localizing at distinctive states. Two hill climbing scenarios are considered below. 8shows a modified Pioneer 3-AT at the bottom of a hill attempting to climb the hill. The hill climbing method generates solutions very fast if it does not encounter deadends. This measure is then used for a search method similar to the hill climbing method. This experiment validates the effectiveness of the weighted LHS combined with the Smart Hill-Climbing. Furthermore   , the final result of the search is better than that of Smart Hill-Climbing with LHS. percolation "  ? .. -the way this task can bc achicvcd : " hill-climbing " gradient methods  ? " edges  ? 12 and 13show the concave and convex transition of climbing up hill respectively. Figs. hill there may exist a better solution. Accepting Qud moves corresponds I ,O a " hill climbing " IC91: on the other side of IJtc! robot path PhMing. Hence  , the solution most likely converges to local minimum. Hill-climbing method is used for its simplicity and effectiveness. 4. GA optimization combined with simple hill climbing is used to improve gaits. Not all selected Fig. Finally  , it describes how SBMPC was specialized to the steep hill climbing problem. Next  , it disusses the benefits of SBMPC. Hill climbing does not work well for nonconvex spaces  , however  , since it will terminate when it finds a local maxima. Hill climbing starts from a random potentially poor solution  , and iteratively improves the solution by making small changes until no more improvements are found. In both cases  , concave and convex transition gait are performed sequentially. The one is climbing up the hill with 35 degrees of the slope and the other is the going down the hill. The detailed tracing results show that hill-climbing started from choosing topfacets and gradually replaced similar facets by less similar ones. Although hill-climbing had a slightly worse target article coverage than the other two 5% less  , it outperformed them in pair-wise similarity which means the facets selected have smaller overlap of navigational paths. However  , even if we combine DP with hill-climbing  , the planning problem is not yet free from combinatorial explosion . In 8  , we analyzed a simple vision-motion planning problem and concluded that hill-climbing is useful to limit a search space at each stage of DP. However   , we adjust all the weights in a WNB simultaneously  , unlike the hill climbing method  , in which we adjust each weight individually. Like the hill climbing method  , we stop adjusting the weights when the increase between the current AUC and the previous AUC is less than a very small value ¯. The final facets selected by hill-climbing usually were still within the top 30%  , while the ones selected by random-were evenly distributed among the results from single-facet ranking. We have experimented with hill climbing in our model fitting problem  , and confirmed that it produces suboptimal results because the similarity metric dK or others is not strictly convex. In the sequel we describe several alternatives of hill climbing and identify the problem properties that determine performance by a thorough investigation of the search space. The good performance of hill climbing motivates the current work  , since fast search for sub-optimal solutions is the only way to deal with the vast amounts of multimedia information in several applications. The general approach can be used to specify the vehicle velocity at the top of the hill in the steep hill climbing problem. This ongoing work will be reported in a future publication. Alternatively  , we can follow the hill climbing approach but it is computationally more expensive and requires more scans of the database 18. However  , unlike the hill climbing approach where all the points are reassigned to the clusters  , we do not reassign the points already assigned to the 'complete' clusters . Each experiment performed hill climbing on a randomly selected 90% of the division data. Ten experiments were performed with each of the two divisions. The hill-climbing match procedure typically requires about one minute. A SPARCstation 10 is used both for robot control and for relocalization. This hill-climbing search was conducted on COCOMO II data divided into pre-and post-1990 projects. A * search is therefore more computationally expensive on average than hill climbing. Portions of many different paths may therefore be explored before a solution path is finally found. The heuristical method can be enhanced with known methodologies such as hill climbing. We believe that much future work can be done. Finally  , a hill-climbing phase in which different implernentation choices are considered reintroduces some of the interactions. This effectively rules out all choice interactions in this phase. Figure 2 only shows the most often influential attributes; i.e. This procedure is formalized in Alg. In each hill climbing iteration  , we select the best grasp from N C l  until no improvement is achieved. As the robot climbed the hill  , it decelerated  , resulting in a continual decrease in velocity. 14shows the result for hill climbing using SBMPC  , which commanded the robot to accelerate to a velocity of 0.55 m/s at 3 s  , the time at which the vehicle was positioned at the bottom of the hill. Metaheuristic algo- rithms 9 are elaborate combinations of hill climbing and random search to deal with local maxima. The impracticability of examining every possible partition naturally leads to the adoption of a hill climbing strategy  , which essentially consists of iteratively rearranging existing partitions by moving individual objects to different clusters  , and keeping the new partition only if it provides an improvement of the objective function. The other dramatic effect is the time taken with hill-climbing; not only is it just a fraction of the time taken without hill-climbing  , it is very close to being a constant  , varying between 32- 42ps for this set of randomised motion parameters and hull sizes between 10 and 500. The sequence length here is that the average number of iterations per calculation is indeed quite close to 1. For feature smoothing  , we found that it is valuable to apply different amounts of smoothing to single term features and proximity features 5. Feature weights are learned by directly maximizing mean average precision via hill-climbing. The path formed at the local minima may not be collision-free and may be much longer than the optimal one. Three basic search techniques are combined to perform the search through the octree space. In our experiments  , the parameter pair Second  , we use the hill-climbing a1 orithm and the crossover-swapping operator in paralfel. The performance of EVIS on Lawrence's instances is shown in Table 2 Although it is not possible to avoid deadends completely during the search  , we can minimize the probability of encountering deadends based on the measure developed here. Such a path always exists for a connected graph. Therefore  , we propose as an " optimal " path the one obtained by a hill-climbing method with Euclidean distances as the metric for edge weight. Further parallelization is possible by batching up all the states to be evaluated in a single optimizer step. This allows us to use iterative hill-climbing approaches  , such as coordinate ascent  , to optimize the classifier in under an hour. For performance reasons  , the iterative medoid-searching phase is performed on a sample using a greedy hill-climbing technique. The Manhattan Distance divided by the subspace dimension is used as normalized metric for trading between subspaces of different dimensionality. After this iterative search  , an additional pass over the data is performed for refinement of clusters  , medoids and associated subspaces. 11shows the result for hill climbing using SBMPC  , which commanded the robot to back up and then accelerate to a velocity of 0.55 m/s at 1.5 s  , a velocity maintained until approximately 2.3 s  , the time at which the vehicle was positioned at the bottom of the hill. When the objective function has an explicit form  , Hill-climbing could quickly reach an optimal point by following the local gradients of the function. The first three are generally applicable as they require little a priori knowledge of the problem. One approach to reducing the number of choice interactions that must be considered is described by Low 'Low  , 1974. If the stopping condition is not met  , the framework will use a hill-climbing strategy to find a new value for N and a new iteration will start. This performance metric is compared with the target value. Two very important parts of this formulation  , which are often overlooked or not present in similar models  , are feature weighting and the feature smoothing. Now that the model has been fully specified  , the final step is to estimate the model parameters. Since our parameter space is small  , we make use of a simple hill climbing strategy  , although other more sophisticated approaches are possible 10. We now describe a technique that incorporates hill-climbing and is roughly We assume that which vertices are adjacent to each vertex is pre-computed and stored as a part of the polyhedron representation. Mobile manipulators may have difficulties for the stability in climbing up a hill  , maneuvering on unstructured terrain  , and fast manipulation. Basically  , however  , the stability problem of the whole system is very important. The Spatial Semantic Hierarchy SSH 2 The basic SSH explores the environment by selecting an alternating sequence of trajectory. The JUKF functioned as expected. For the few times that the position uncertainty became too large  , we were able to re-estimate initial positions using hill-climbing and GSL. The transformation that produces the best match is then used to correct the dead reckoning error. We have developed a technique that uses a hill-climbing search to match evidence grids constructed at the same estimated position at different times. High and low values were chosen empirically based on reasonable values for level ground and hill climbing. The parameter variation experiments were conducted on level ground and at a moderate slope of 8 degrees. All parameter values are tuned based on average precision since retrieval is our final task. At the current stage of our work  , the parameters are selected through exhaustive search or manually hill-climbing search. In experiments  , we find an appropriate ¡Û value manually for each dataset. Expert knowledge can be included in the methods  , and the definition of the problem can be changed in different ways to reflect different user envi- ronments. Overall  , hill-climbing helps us reducing overlapping facets without losing much coverage of target articles. Therefore the fanout of internal nodes and the length of navigational paths are within a reasonable range for the users. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. Additional parameters are tuned by running a hill-climbing search on the training data. There exist two general approaches: the hill-climbing approach based on the MDL score 16  , 23  , the prevalent  , more practical one which is used here  , and the constraint-based approach. However  , the general problem is NP-complete 4. First  , it can localize unambiguously at any pose within the LPM rather than relying on the basic SSH strategy of hill-climbing to an unambiguous pose. In return  , the robot obtains two substantial benefits in terms of its spatial knowledge. As there is no analytical method available for the solution of differential equations  , the problem is solved by numerical method. In our approach to GSL  , data patterns are first matched to HEC cluster patterns through hill-climbing 8201. In general  , the initial first-and second-order statistics are estimated through global self-localization GSL. Then mobile robots can plan motion using the multi-functional and efficient traversability vector t-vector obstacle detection model 6. To reduce the computational cost  , pruning using problem specific constraints is necessary. ORCLUS 3  , finds arbitrarily oriented clusters by using ideas related to singular value decomposition. PROCLUS 2 seeks to find axis-aligned subspaces by partitioning the set of points and then uses a hill-climbing technique to refine the partitions. To identify modes  , all data points are taken as starting points and their location is updated through a sequence of hill climbing step. The latter approach was chosen in this paper because it avoids representing the high-dimensional feature space. Only those data points that have a density exceeding the noise threshold before beginning the hill-climbing are assigned to a cluster center. Assignment to a cluster center is achieved using hillclimbing on the same density landscape. Otherwise  , the attributes in the non-stale set are selected as being influential on the score. We usually settle at a maximum within 15–25 iterations: Figure 3shows that Jα quickly grows and stabilizes with successive iterations. The hill-climbing approach is fast and practical. For the following discussion  , we assume medium or large nonindexed images and unrestricted variables. Earlier authors have considered instead using hill-climbing approaches to adjust the parameters of a graph-walk 14. In this paper we propose the use of learned re-ranking schemes to improve performance of a lazy graph walk. 1for the robot is generated between the two node positions. If a local miminum is reached  , A * search is invoked  , beginning at the point at which hill climbing got stuck see Fig. In many cases the contact positions had to be heavily adjusted to fulfill reachability. The dotted lines indicate the path each contact took in 3D space during the iterated refinement and hill climbing steps. Since our method has only 3 parameters  , we calculated their optimal setting with a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search method. For the baseline method the association score between the document and any candidate mentioned is always equal to 1.0. Tuning Interrelated Knobs: We may know of fast procedures to tune a set of interrelated knobs. We can now focus on these type-II knobs  , and perform hill climbing to obtain a potentially better knob configuration. Note  , that this maximization is a special case of the maximization of the posterior 3  , just that the likelihood becomes a constant. This can be done by hill climbing as well. We run preliminary experiments on a small scale system to validate that the theoretical results hold. Applying a hill-climbing strategy for workload intensity along the stress vectors  , we are able to reach the stress goal. That figure shows the percentage of times an attribute was selected by a N =4 hill climbing search. Figure 2suggests that we do not have such a " large enough " database. Hill climbing has the potential to get stuck in a local minimum or freeze  , so stopping heuristics are required. This allows us to randomly walk around ¦  , without reducing the goodness of our current solution. These observations support Joachim's experience that the VC-dimension of many text Train  , c = −1 Test  , c = −1 "money-fx.lf" "money-fx.af" We then perform a hill-climbing search in the hierarchy graph starting from that pair. If this simple test fails  , we randomly sample the cache and identify a pair in the sample whose distance is closest to the required one. In order to comprehend the behavior of hill climbing under different combinations of search strategies  , we first study the search space for configuration similarity. Figure 2shows b 12 variables and thus does not necessarily guarantee an optimal path in the shortest path sense. Remolina and Kuipers 13  ,  151 present a formalization of the SSH framework as a non-monotonic logical theory. A gateway is a boundary between qualitatively different regions of the environment: in the basic SSH  , the boundary between trajectory-following and hill-climbing applicability. This is the criterion used in the examples in Figures Each gateway has two directions  , inward and outward. For the refinement step  , we apply a greedy hill climbing procedure explained in Sec. We stop coarsening the mesh before it degenerates and then apply a random initialization of contacts. This energy could be employed for hill climbing or long jumping  , or converted to vertical motion in a " pole vaulting " mode. In reality  , the hopper may be able to store substantial additional energy due to its horizontal motion. Accepting bad moves corresponds to perform what is called a hill climbing: on the other side of the hill there may exist a better solution. Then  , the method Proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Very Large Data Bases acceptAction uses Prob  , which is a boolean function that returns true with a probability that depends on temp and the costs of the compared states  , usually e ~~s'~cost~s~cost~~temP. This commanded velocity profile resulted in the vehicle's front wheels reaching the top of the hill at approximately 4.1 s. A time-lapse sequence of the motion with and without SBMPC is shown in Figure 12. All the other runs got stuck in an infeasible local maximum. In the experiments for this problem  , only 8 out of 480 single start statistical hill-climbing runs 6 hours on one Sparc 20 per run converged to a feasible solution-that is approximately 1.7%. Section II describes the dynamic model used in this research  , which was developed in 5 and emphasizes important model features that enable it to be used for motion planning in general and the steep hill climbing problem in particular. Second  , it constructs a complete representation of the paths at the place  , and hence of the dstates and possible turn actions. The hill climbing search strategy modifies the position of one fixel at a time until arriving at a fixel configuration achieving simultaneous contact and providing force closure with the feature tuple. In this section  , we describe a heuristic search strategy for finding a fixel configuration for a particular feature tuple. Deletion of tuples is performed symmetrically  , from the leaves to the root  , updating each concerned summary to take into account tuple deletion. The so-called hill-climbing search method locally optimize the summary hierarchy such that the tree is an estimated structure built from past observations and refined every time a new tuple is inserted. The β values are tuned via hill climbing based on the hybrid NDCG values of the final ranking lists merged from different rankers. In CS-DAC  , several rankers are trained simultaneously  , and each ranking function f * k see Equation 3 is optimized using the CS- DAC loss function and hybrid labels. Since both energy functions can be locally minimized by preserving the overlap  , a definite hill climbing is involved. The non-overlapping modules corresponding to the initial configuration lie inside the loop while those corresponding to the final Configuration lie outside the loop. It should be noted that local optimizing techniques  , such as hill climbing  , cannot be used here to find the global optimum  , due to the presence of local extrema. Like a random search  , a global optimum will be produced in the limit as ng-wo. Despite the great deal of motion planning research  , not much work has been done directly on the area of pushing planning. However  , it has a few limitations  , such as the fact that it is based on a hill climbing search  , which seem to make it unsuitable for our domain. surface are iden tifiedand counted as rocks for inclusion in the roughness assessment. In effect  , targets that differ from the ground 'The F uzzy Bversability Index also depends on the wheel design and traction mechanism of the robot which determine its hill clim bing and rok climbing capabilities. Surprisingly  , although ensemble selection overfits with small data  , reliably picking a single good model is even harder—making ensemble selection more valuable. Despite previous refinements to avoid overfitting the data used for ensemble hill- climbing 3   , our experiments show that ensemble selection is still prone to overfitting when the hillclimb set is small. While 10 uses a feature space grid to assist in the search for maxima  , 4 parses the table of data points for each hill climbing step. Note that hill-climbing strategies are currently the only ones that are compatible with LLA  , because statistical goodness-offit tests χ 2  require the compared models to be nested. Forward selection starts with a simple model usually all variables independent and iteratively adds terms accepting more complex hypotheses  , so long as there is sufficient evidence to accept new hypotheses. The method applies a " hill-climbing " strategy that makes use of a 3-D playing area measuring   , as visualised in the illustrations discussed above. To obtain these values  , we apply a procedure for identifying the threshold values that lead to the highest classification accuracy from a particular training set. In the latter case the hill-climbing procedure has been ineffective in escaping a poor local optimum. This is also the case for zoo and hepatitis  , and for mushroom  , where even a much larger data set includes misleading instances if a small support threshold is chosen. The average width and height of the facets generated by the three methods were about the same  , except that random-occasionally chose some much wider facets. In this technique  , the " bad quality " clusters the ones that violate the size bound are discarded Step FC7 and is replaced  , if possible  , by better quality clusters. The system performs the path search in an octree space  , and uses a hybrid search technique that combines hypothesize and test  , hill climbing  , and A ' This paper discusses some of the issues related to fast 3-D motion planning  , and presents such a system being developed at NRS. 12where it can be seen that despite random initialization  , our approach is capable to synthesize point contact grasps that comply to different reachability constraints. At this moment  , we have selected a value for all type-I and type-III knobs of S. Recall that some type-I knobs are actually converted from type-II ones  , which are ordered discrete or continuous. Thus  , the system does not adopt a purely agglomerative or divisive approach  , but rather uses both kind of operators for the construction of the tree. One can check whether the fitness function for the satellite docking problem exhibits this property by performing a large number of statistical hillclimbing runs 6. It can be noticed that climbing hills are not very well localised and that sometimes rocks are wrongly classified as steps down. The right image shows some small acceptable rocks on the right  , a 1 m to 20 crn deep from left to right step down at 5 m  , and a 45" hill at 10 m. Obstacle detection is quite reliable. This set of items is a complete description of what the mobile robot can see during its runs. We make the hypothesis that two or more of these situations cannot overlap e.g. , a small rock on the right side while climbing a big hill. The procedure commences with initial support and confidence threshold values  , describing a current location   in the base plane of the playing area. Fig- ure 13shows the average characteristics of the faceted interfaces generated by these methods. The number of blocks remains constant throughout the hill climbing trial. A potential transformation is made by selecting one of the sets belonging to Ë and then replacing a random point in this -set by a random point not in the -set. The soft cardinalities a measure of set cardinality that considers inter-element similarities in the set of the two sets of stems and their intersection are used to compute the similarity of two given short text fragments. Several measurements were made to ascertain the quality of the various selection techniques  , as seen in Figure 1. All of the design and selection of the distance measures was done using hill-climbing on the development set  , and only after this exploration was All of the design and selection of the distance measures was done using hill-climbing on the development set  , and only after this exploration was In Figure 1we see both development and test set results for answer selection experiments involving a sample of the distance measures with which we experimented. By extracting the switching points from the model  , we are able to compute the stress vectors that yield a bottleneck change. Due to the absence of the training corpus  , the tuning of all parameters was performed on the testing data using a brute-force hill-climbing approach. As an exception  , the Probabilistic Translation Model was evaluated on the same representation that was used by Xu et.al.19. However  , the conventional G A applications generate a random initial population without using any expert knowledge. In other search engines such as Hill-Climbing  , it is clear that starting from a good location can significantly improve chances for convergence to an optimal solution in a much shorter time. Further  , we will replace the exponential moving average with an more efficient stochastic gradient hill climbing strategy. Future work will improve our distributed approach by optimizing floating point parameters of central pattern generators instead of discrete action or set-points in gaittables . This way it can significantly increase the number of prob­ lems for which a solution can be found. In this paper we present a randomized and hill-climbing technique which starts with an initial priority scheme and optimizes this by swapping two randomly chosen robots. In order for dead reckoning to be useful for mobile robots in real-world environments  , some means is necessary for correcting the position errors that accumulate over time. The presented data is taken from the above experiment and for the bunny object. For this  , we consider how many hill climbing steps the approach requires at each level and how many grasps need to be compared in each of these steps. 3represents the largest possible output power for one side of the vehicle  , which is 51 W. Generally speaking  , the torque limit constraint 5 is what causes deceleration when climbing a steep hill  , while the power constraint 6 limits the speed of the vehicle while traveling on either horizontal or sloped terrains. The square symbol in Fig. A particular classifier configuration can be evaluated over a set of over 10000 images with several lights per image by a few hundred computers in under a second.  The knowledge base is enriched by learning from user behaviors  , such that the retrieval performance can be enhanced in a hill-climbing manner. Therefore  , the results retrieved based on it are more relevant to the query than those retrieved by the CBR systems  , which rely on low-level features only.  The LGM provides a solid and generic foundation for multimedia retrieval  , which can be extended towards a number of directions. The knowledge base is enriched by learning from user behaviors  , such that the retrieval performance can be enhanced in a hill-climbing manner. The problems remaining are those of stability and reliability. The control problem can be problem of getting stuck in a local optimum which other Proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Very Large Data Bases hill climbing problems are faced with. These parameters can be divided into two kinds: the weights on the classes of words  , like people or locations  , and the thresholds for deciding if enough of the content is novel. We opted for a hill-climbing approach to find effective parameters for the system. In general  , the quality of solutions increases with density. In order to test this observation we ran experiments with the four variations of hill climbing 2 variable selection  2 value selection mechanisms using query sets of 6 and 15 variables over datasets of I000 uniformly distributed rectangles with densities of 0.1 and 1. Following six trajectories for each of ten rooms  , we observe that  , provided GSL is accurate  , the JUKF could repeatedly and reliably track the position and orientation of both vehicles. The WSJ  , FT  , SJMN  , and LA collections are used for testing whether the parameters optimized on AP can be used consistently on other collections. Therefore  , a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search is used to optimize mean average precision by starting at the full independence parameter setting λT = 1  , λO = λU = 0. An example mean average precision surface for the GOV2 collection using the full dependence model plotted over the simplex λT + λO + λU = 1 is shown in Figure 2. In this case it is advisable to choose the optimum slope which requires the nummum energy consumption. However  , in some cases it is important to evaluate the energy required per ascending distance  , which we denote by cost of climbing COC  , such as when presented with different paths to the peak of a hill. The relocalization subsystem then used hill-climbing to find the best match between these two grids and output the estimated error. Next the encoders were reset  , so the robot viewed the new location as the origin  , and a second evidence grid was built. During these experiments  , transient changes were present  , in the form of people moving past the robot as it constructed these evidence grids. A hill-climbing gradient ascent technique described independently by Sanderson 9 and Jarvis 4 is to compute the criterion function  , move the lens  , recompute the Criterion function  , and look at the sign of the difference of the criterion. This section describes a control strategy for automatically focusing on a point in a static scene. As can be seen  , the energy function corresponding to the optimal assignment metric yields ibetter results than the overlap metric in all cases. In general  , the fitness of the composite operator is adjusted as  By adjusting the operator fitness  , we balance the exploration of new search space and the exploitation of promising solutions found by the hill-climbing algo- rithm. This scheme is called parent replacement. Anyway  , the C parameter tuning is a very time and labor intensive work so that we need some automatic hill-climbing parameter calibration given enough computing power. For the feature sets  , combining the full text terms  , gene entities and MeSH terms is effective but even the combinations of two of them work reasonably well. We needed to index most of the content  , so indexing the content with partial noise was preferred to the one where some content blocks are unrecognized. The result was quite similar to the hill climbing heuristic  , but it skipped many important blocks in some of the cases. The ultimate goal of this work is the development of 3D machines that can cross rugged  , natural andl manmade terrains. The heading is then modified so that the robot moves towards the stronger reading. In order to maintain a heading close to the centre of the chemical plume the robot employs a hill-climbing strategy in which the robot turns to take sensor readings to the left and right of its current heading. In such situations  , the cost to the destination can be computed without using equation 3 and the recursive computation terminates. In extensive experiments it has been proven to be very effective even for large teams of robots and using two different dec au pled path planning techniques. For forward selection  , the generation of candidate alternatives to a current model relies on the addition of edges  , because graphical models are completely defined by their edges or two-factor terms. The method searches for the weights that correspond to the best projection of data in the ddimensional space according to S&D. To find a meaningful weighting of a specific set of d dimensions   , Dim  , for a given set of must-link and cannot-link constraints  , further referred to as S&D  , our approach performs hill climbing. This phase follows a hill climbing strategy   , that is  , in each iteration  , a new partition is computed from the previous one by performing a set of modifications movements of vertices between communities. The goal of this phase is to refine the partition received from the previous phase. Given ℐ −   , instead of exhaustively considering all possible element subsets of ℐ −   , we apply a hill-climbing method to search for a local optimum  , starting from a random -facet interface ℐ . This is in line with the idea of avoiding large overlap between facets Section 4.2. To increase the chance of forming a good solution we repeat the random walk or trial a number of times  , each time beginning with a random initial feasible solution. Since EIL for M CICM where the limiting campaign has high effectiveness property or for COICM in general are submodular and monotone  , the hill climbing approach provides a 1 − 1/e ap- proximation 10  , 36 for these problems. We leave a more extensive evaluation including such heuristics as future work. We shall examine normalized vectors to see if it helps for an easier parameter tuning. The small number of queries in the testing dataset precluded the use of any statistical significance tests. Rather  , it selects a successor at random  , and moves to that successor provided that there is an improvement of MP C. The computation usually halts when we have not been able to choose a better successor after a fixed number of attempts. Stochastic hill climbing does not examine all successors before deciding how to move. The first is how to utilize initial expert knowledge for a better and faster search routine. Given that the Meet space is unlikely to be convex  , there is no guarantee that this greedy hill climbing approach will find a global optimum  , but  , as we will show  , it tends to reliably find good solutions for our particular problem. Each single dimensional optimization problem is solved using a simple line search. For this reason  , we discriminatively train our model to directly maximize the evaluation metric under consider- ation 14  , 15  , 25. Under the experiment's conditions  , the maximum speed on smooth level ground was 4 2 c d s or approximately 2.5 body lengths per second. The goal was to apply SBMPC to the hill climbing problem in a computationally efficient manner. The related problems of traversing mud and high  , stiff vegetation are also of interest with the main issue being a technique for effective characterization of the vehicle-ground interaction. However  , one recursive coarsening step already improves results considerably over mere hill climbing on the original mesh at level 0. We observe a general trend showing that grasp quality is increased and variance reduced as the number of levels is increased. Since the experiment in the previous section shows that more levels in general lead to better expected grasp quality  , we have to investigate how the average and worst case complexity relate to the number of levels. Turbulence in the airflow produces a fluctuating chemical concentration at the robot. All of the timings in this section were done on a 120MHz Pentium PC running Linux  , and the code was compiled using the gcc compiler with optimisation turned on  , This figure illustrates clearly the usefulness of hill-climbing  , with the effect being most noticeable for larger hulls. The data-points plotted are times in ps for a complete distance calculation . Second  , we explore how ensemble selection behaves with varying amounts of training data available for the critical forward selection step. For large document clusters  , it has been found to yield good results in practice  , i.e. , the local optimum found yields good conceptual clusters 4. is a hill-climbing procedure and is prone to getting stuck at a local optimum finding the global optimum is NP-complete. The presentation emphasizes the importance of using a closed-loop model i.e. , one that includes the motor speed controllers to reduce the uncertainty of the tire/ground interaction  , the inclusion of the motor limitations  , and the ability of the model to predict deceleration when climbing a steep hill. This section describes the dynamic model of a skid-steered wheeled vehicle that was developed and experimentally verified in 8. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. If the samples are spaced reasonably densely which is easily done with only a few dozen samples  , one can guarantee that the global maximum of the likelihood function can be found. We produce five queries with 9 variables  , and five with 12  , and for each query we generate 500 random solutions in a dataset of 1 ,000 uniformly distributed rectangles with density 0.5 density is defined as the sum of all rectangle areas divided by the workspace. The idea of considering both similarity and cost is motivated in Section 4.2.   , pagelinks.sql  , categorylinks.sql  , and redirect.sql  , which provide all the relevant data including the hyperlinks between articles  , categories of articles   , and the category system. As the goal function to be optimized in hill-climbing  , ℐ is considered better if the facets of ℐ have both smaller pair-wise similarities and smaller navigational costs than that of ℐ line 14. These latter effects probably account for the increase in average time per operation for the hill-climbing version to around 250-300ns; the difference in the code for these two methods is tiny. Some of this discrepancy will be due to the cost of the additional machine operations  , and on a modern small computer some of the time will be due to cache misses and pipeline flushes. When a local maximum is reached with a stepsize of 0.125 feet and 0.125 degrees  , the search is stopped and the resulting maximum is output as the transformation between the two evidence grids. The hill-climbing stepsize is initially set to 1.0 feet in translation  , degrees in rotation and is halved when a local maximum is reached  , in order to more precisely locate this maximum. Besides the discrete design variables  , the size of the search space is further increased by six continuously varying parameters defining the position and orientation of the space shuttle with respect to the satellite. In conclusion  , the TBD problem for the satellite docking operation is characterized by: a very large search space a high computation cost for evaluating the fitness of a a very small fraction of feasible designs a small probability of reaching these feasible designs through statistical hill-climbing. The speed limitations are expected to be particularly important when planning minimum time paths on undulating terrain. Given the vertex We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. The final solution to the optimization problem is a setting of the parameters w and a pruning threshold that is a local maximum for the Meet metric. Figure 4shows the average similarity of25 queries in each set retrieved over the two datasets every 50 seconds using a SUN Ultrasparc 2  , 200 MHz  , with 256MB of RAM. Figure 7a presents the performance of the predictive hill climbing approachPHCA and the degree centralityDegi  heuristic under various amounts of missing information for the case where the limiting campaign L is started with 30% delay. ratio of the number of the nodes saved using the respective method to the number of nodes that would be saved by the greedy method were we to have complete data Λ  , Σ  , Ξ. The expected log-likelihood 14 i s maximized using EM  , a popular niethod for hill climbing in likelihood space for problems with latent variables 2. Each new map is obtained by executing two steps: an E-step  , where the expectations of the unknown correspondences Ecij and Eci , are calculated for the n-th map eln  , and an M-step  , where a new maxinium likelihood map is computed under these ex- pectations. Finally  , note that we have assumed here that the coordinates of the object vertices are available on There is a catch though: whereas in visualisation we usually view from single directions  , in simulation we are likely to want to keep track of distances between many pairs of objects lo . We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. When the objects interpenetrate the origin of TCspace slips into the TCSO  , and GJK discovers a simplex almost certainly a tetrahedron containing the origin and within the TCSO. Ranking the words according to their scores. Figure 3: Precision by BASIC and BCDRW for 48 books 6. In whatever experiments  , the BCDRW method significantly outperforms the BASIC method. The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. The improvements of precision and popular tag coverage are statistically significant  , both up to more than 10%. BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W  , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking  , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. The whole transition matrix is then written as follows: Interpretations to a book vary much in different reviews  , just as Shakespeare said  , " There are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes " . As the GRASSHOPPER did  , we divide BCDRW into three steps and introduce the detail as follows: Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. These three input parameters have already been introduced before. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2.