By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. A combination of the downhill simplex method and simulated annealing 9 was used. Thus  , we use an optimization method based on the downhill simplex method 9  , which is a kind of direct search method. Through repetitively replacing bad vertices with better points the simplex moves downhill. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. We used the simplex downhill method Nelder and Mead 1965 for the minimization. 4.3 on a training data set. If the temperature T is reduced slowly enough  , the downhill Simplex method shrinks into the region containing the lowest minimum value. Downhill Simplex method approximates the size of the region that can be reached at temperature T  , and it samples new points. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. For doing that  , the downhill Simplex method takes a set of steps. Figure 1shows appropriate sequences of such steps. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. There are many different schemes for choosing Δλ. As a downhill simplex method  , an initial guess of the intrinsic camera parameters is required for further calculation . Due to space limitation  , we will not enumerate these results here. This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. Then  , the intensity p 0 was estimated from the retweet sequence of interest by using the fitting procedure developed in section 3.3. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. Simulated annealing is a capable of crossing local minima and locating the global minimum 6. At high temperatures most moves are accepted and the simplex roams freely over the search space. Therefore while any move that is a true downhill step will be accepted  , some additional uphill steps will also be accepted. A simplex is simply a set of N+l guesses  , or vertices  , of the N-dimensional statevector sought and the error associated with each guess. For example we are solving for six registration parameters translation and rotation; therefore the simplex has 7 vertices and the error associated with each of the vertices. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. In contrast  , Nelder and Mead's Downhill -Simplex method requires much stricter control over which policies are evaluated. The robust downhill simplex method is employed to solve this equation. Since the W matrix has only four independent parameters  , four point matches in t ,he whole set of three image frames are minimally sufficient to solve for W matrix using equation 23. In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. There is a generator of random changes which is a procedure that takes a random step from λ to λ + Δλ. After finding out the results of t evaluations  , each robot could then independently perform the calculation to determine the next policy  ?r and continue with the next iteration. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. , NDCG by using the Simulated Annealing which uses a modification of downhill Simplex method for the next candidate move to find the global min- imum. Some other approaches for directly optimizing IR measures use Genetic Programming 1  , 49 or approximate the IR measures with the functions that are easy-to-handle 44  , 12. SOM 14Self Organizing Map or SOFM Self Organizing Feature Map shares the same philosophy to produce low dimension from high dimension. This mechanism guarantees a new pattern will be correctly assigned into corresponding clusters. b Self-Organizing Map computed for trajectory-oriented data 20. 19. The training of each single self-orgzmizing map follows the basic seiforganizing map learning rule. For each output unit in one layer of the hierarchy a two-dimensional self-organizing map is added to the next layer. An interesting property of hierarchical feature maps is the tremendous speed-up as compared to the self-organizing map. Analogously  , the same training procedure is utilized to train the third and any subsequent layers of sdf-organizing maps. Searching in time series data can effectively be supported by visual interactive query specification and result visualization. Another example of visualization techniques of this category is self-organizing map SOM. Links are labeled with sets of keywords shared by related documents. Abnormal aging and fault will result in deviations with respect to normal conditions. This evolution will be characterized by a trajectory on a two-dimensional Self-Organizing Map. Moreover  , the self-organidng map was used in 29 for text claeaiflcation. A comparison to these results is neceamry   , even more sinc8~hi- erarchical fmture maps are built up from a number of insb pendent self-organizing maps. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. In Figure 6we provide a typical result from training a self-organizing map with the NIHCL data. By determining the size of the map the user can decide which level of abstraction she desires. These feature vectors are used as input to train a standard self-organizing map. Locating a piece of music on the map then leaves you with similar music next to it  , allowing intuitive exploration of a music archive. We employ the Self-Organizing Map SOM  9 to create a map of a musical archive  , where pieces of music sounding similar are organized next to each other on the two-dimensional map display. Usually  , the Euclidean distance between the weight vector and the input pattern is used to calculate a unit's activation. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. Finally  , as a result of these first two steps  , the " cleaned " database can be used as input to a Self-Organizing Map with a " proper " distance for trajectories visualization. The Change Detection CD module is presented in Section 4.2. Vectors with three components are completed with zero values. We applied a Self-Organizing Feature Map SOFM assuming that the maximum number of components of a visitor behavior vector is H = 6. As a result of this transformation we now have equi-distant data samples in each frequency band. These feature vectors are further used for training a Self-Organizing Map. Each training iteration t starts with the random selection of one input pattern xt. The hierarchy among the maps is established as follows. Similar to the works described in this paper  , a Self-Organizing Map is used to cluster the resulting feature vectors. 2 describe a system for timbre classification to identify 12 instruments in both clean and degraded conditions. Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. The difference is the risk to loose the exact plot locations over the original projection. Moreover  , a self-organizing map could have been used to analyse the 2D projection instead of the tabular model. After all documents are indexed  , the data are aggregated and sent to the Self-Organizing Map for categorization. The user can view the document frequency of each phrase and link to the documents containing that phrase. Input vectors composed of range-to-obstacle indicators' readouts and direction-to-goal indicator readouts are partitioned into one of predefined perceptual situation classes. In ll  the classification task is performed by a self-organizing Kohonen's map. The Self-Organizing Map generated a The Arizona Noun Phraser allowed subjects to narrow and refine their searches as well as provided a list of key phrases that represented the collection. The effect of such a dimension reduction in keyword-baaed document mpmmmtation and aubeequent self-organizing map training with the compreaaed input patterns is described in 32 . The smaller bidden &er is fiwthcr used to represent the input patterns. Another very promising work is 15 which uses a self-organizing feature map SOFM 12 in order to generate a map of documents where documents dealing with similar topics are located near each other. This relationship is then visualized in a 2D or 3D-space. A self-organizing feature map consists of a two-dimensional array of units; each unit is connected to n input nodes  , and contains a ndimensional vector Wii wherein i ,j identifies the unit at location Ci ,jJ of the array. That is  , similar prototypes are near each other on the map. The SOM solution for getting the tabular view would be to construct a self organizing map over the bidimensional projection. As these new methods are certainly projecting data in a complementary way  , and that the tabular view is easily understood  , we aim in this paper to add a tabular view for any 2D data cloud by an alternative approach to the selforganizing map. Furthermore  , if a general optimality criterion is given at runtime  , a global optimum can be sought along the lower-dimensional self-motion manifold rather than in the complete n-dimensional configuration space. In the region shown  , €7: = f -'  W l    , the zero reference point s = 0 of each self-organizing map approximating a self-motion manifold is at the location of minimum manipulability  , while maximum manipulability is obtained for a value of s = MaxM of about f0.7 in units defined in 12. Experimental results organizing an archive of MP3 music are presented in Section 4  , followed by some conclusions as well as an outlook on future work in Section 5. This is followed by a presentation of our approach to automatic organization of music archives by sound similarity in Section 3  , covering feature extraction  , the principles of the Self-Organizing Map  , and the two-layered architecture used to organize music. Probably one of the more important advantages is that generative topographic mapping should be open for rigorous mathematical treatment  , an area where the self- . , orgamzlng map h-a remarkable tradition in effective reg~ tance 7  , 8. Basically  , the generative topographic mapping is a latent variable density model with an apparently sound statistical foundation which is claimed to have several advantageous properties when compared to self-organizing maps  , but no signifkant disadvantages. To help analyze the behavior of our method we used a Self-Organizing Map via the SOM-PAK package 9  , to 'flatten' and visualize the high-dimensional density function 2 . Each point in our sample space is a language model  , which typically has several thousand dimensions. In the CI Spider study  , subjects believed it was easier to find useful information using CI Spider with a score of 3.97/5.00 than using Lycos domain search 3.33 or manual within-site browsing and searching 3.23. The Self-Organizing Map generated a In section 6 experimental results are reported and in section 7 a conclusion is given. In order to achieve a higher resolution in the Cspace and to efficiently use the occupied main memory  , we developed a reorganization mechanism of the C-space  , based on Kohonen's self-organizing feature map  , which is stated in section 5. The problem of mapping perceptual situations into commands can be actually decomposed into two sta- I ges: a classification of a measured perceptual situation and an association a locomotion action with a perceptual class. The SOM is designed to create a two-dimensional representation of cells topologically arranged according to the inherent metric ordering relations between the samples in the feature space. An interesting experiment was done with the Kohonen's self-organizing map SOM 12. In order to use the self-organizing map to cluster text documents  , the various texts have to be represented as the histogram of its words. It is a generai unsupervised tool for ordering highdimensionai statistical data in such a way that alike input items are mapped close to each other. In this paper  , however  , the authora use just a fairly small and thus ~ alistic document representation  , made up from 25 &at&t terms taken horn the titles of scientific papers. Using this similarity in a self organizing map  , we found clusters from visitor sessions  , which allow us to study the user behavior in the web. The result is the definition of a new similarity measure based on three characteristics derived from the visitor sessions: the sequence of visited pages  , their content and the time spent in each one of them. The Arizona Noun Phraser developed at the University of Arizona is the indexing tool used to index the key phrases that appear in each document collected from the Internet by the Internet Spiders. The density maps for three TREC topics are shown in Figure 2above. F@re 6 shows in fact a highly similar classification rum .dt  , in that the various documents are arranged within the two-dimensional output space of the self-organizing map m concordance with their mutual fictional similarity. the class name  , is shown at the respective position in the figure. To summarize the results  , the experiments indicated that basically the came cluster results can be achieved by spending only a fhction of time for the training proceua. Among the most prominent projects in this arena is the WEBSOM system 12 representing over 1 million Usenet newsgroup articles in a single huge SOM. The self-organizing map and related models have been used in a number of occasions for the classification and representation of document collections. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 provides an overview of related work in the field of music retrieval. If information about the topological order of the training data is provided  , or can be inferred   , only a very small data set is required. In this contribution we present the " Parameterized Self- Organizing Map " PSOM approach  , which is particularly useful in situation where a high-dimensional  , continuous mapping is desired. Path finding in static or partially changing environments is described in section 4. Each neuron computes the Euclidean distance between the input vector x and the stored weight vector Wii. The mapping to the dual plane and the use of arrangements provides an intuitive framework for representing and maintaining the rankings of all possible top-k queries in a non-redundant  , self-organizing manner. We can map the tuples of a data set to lines in the dual plane and then store and query the induced arrangement. To investigate the robustness of this method  , we added the every type ofnoise to the integrated dataset of the three objects and examined rohustness of maps for categorization tasks under that various conditions. Using Kohonen maps allow the robot to organize the models of the three objects based on its embodiment without the designer's intervention because of the self-organizing characteristic of the map. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. Previous work 1 approximated the PDF using weighted Parzen windows. This work presents a tool that can help experts  , in addition to their traditional tools based on quantitative inspection of some relevant variables  , to easily visualize the evolution of the engine health. The similarity introduced  , can be very useful to increase the knowledge about the visitor behavior in the web. One drawback of these types of systems especially for portable devices is that they require large screen real estate and significant visual attention from the user. Variations to the idea of providing a visual space with objects corresponding to sound files have been proposed in 12 where a heuristic variation of multi-dimensional scaling FastMap is used to map sound objects into an Euclidean space preserving their similarities and in 13 where a growing self-organizing map is used to preserve sound similarities calculated using psychoacoustic measures in order to visualize music collections as a set of islands on a map. An exact positioning of the borderline between the various groups of similar documents  , however  , is not as intuitively to datarmine as with hierarchical feature maps that are presented above. YUV values of the object are calculated  , values of the pressure sensors at the gripper  , and width of the gripper hereinafter  , these pressure and width data are combined and called " hand data "  are integrated using Kohonen maps in this experiment. Semantic relevance. Definition 1. Once the semantic relevance values were calculated  , the pictograms were ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the major category. In the three semantic relevance approaches 4  , 5  , and 6  , a cutoff value of 0.5 was used. Using the semantic relevance measure  , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. 1. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero  , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. Based on this prediction  , we propose a semantic relevance calculation on categorized interpretations. The returned set was therefore compared to their query in that light  , their semantic relevance. As such they had to construct a strong notion of the form and content of a relevant image  , which one might call their semantic relevance. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. We used two kinds semantic score to evaluate the relevance between tweets and profiles as follow  ,  The semantic score c i is recorded simultaneously . A pure relevance-based based model finds relevance by using semantic information. We tested two such scores for region combination pti  , oti  , viz. Semantic errors were reported to developers who quickly confirmed their relevance and took actions to correct them. Investigation of Moodle's access control model revealed 31 semantic smells and 2 semantic errors  , distributed in 3 categories. For example  , if the query is " night "   , relevant pictograms are first selected using the highest semantic relevance value in each pictogram  , and once candidate pictograms are selected  , the pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category  , which in this case is the TIME category. Once the relevant pictograms are selected  , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. Based on the performance values listed in Table 3  , we see that a the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach performs better than the rest in terms of recall 0.70472 and F 1 measure 0.73757; b the semantic relevance approach in general performs much better than the simple query string match approach; and that c the categorized approach in general performs much better than the not-categorized approach. A cutoff value of 0.5 was used for the three semantic relevance approaches. Simple Semantic Association queries between two entities result in hundreds of results and understanding the relevance of these associations requires comparable intellectual effort to understanding the relevance of a document in response to keyword queries. For example  , in our current semantic test-bed developed for open access and use by the Semantic Web research community  , SWETO 3 Semantic Web Technology Evaluation Ontology detailed in 2  , there are over 800 ,000 entities and 1.5 million explicit relationships among them. This is difficult and expensive . In traditional approaches users provide manual assessments of relevance  , or semantic similarity. For each procedure  , we enumerate a finite set of significant subgraphs; that is  , we enumerate subgraphs that hold semantic relevance and are likely to be good semantic clone candidates . 2. Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design  , and they do not have single  , clear semantics. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized  , 2 categorized  , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared  , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. In our example  , the Semantic GrowBag uses statistical information to compute higher order co-occurrences of keywords. Another possibility to measure the relevance of the covered terms may be reflected by using independent semantic techniques. Unlike semantic score features and semantic expansion features which are query-biased  , document quality features are tended to estimate the quality of a tweet. A short time difference usually indicates the highly temporal relevance between the tweet and the query. The final step mimics user evaluation of the results  , based on his/her knowledge. Finally  , we evaluate the relevance of identified semantic sets to a given query and rank the members of semantic sets accordingly. Images of the candidate pictograms that contain query as interpretation word are listed at the bottom five rows of Table 4. Our method outperforms the three baselines  , including method only consider PMI  , surface coverage or semantic similarity Table 2: Relevance precision compared with baselines. We use |C1|/|C| to calculate the precision  , |C1+C2+C3|/|C| to evaluate the relevance precision. Each book  , for example  , may take a considerable time to review  , particularly when collecting passage level relevance assessments. Digital items of this type represent cohesive semantic units that may be substantial in size  , requiring extensive effort to assess for relevance. This corresponds to the user inspection of the retrieved documents. In such a system   , users can query with a boolean combination of tags and other keywords  , and obtain resources ranked by relevance to users' interests. Based on these semantic annotations  , an intelligent semantic search system can be implemented. Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . In this section  , we discuss to combine multi-domain relevance for tag recommendation MRR. Different from traditional training procedure  , these " weak " learners are trained based on cross domain relevance of the semantic targets. Befi q captures relevance because it is based on all propositions defining the semantic content of the object o  , that imply the query formula. Also  , the greater their number  , the higher the relevance. It is designed to be used with formal query method and does not incorporate IR relevance measurements. 25 discussed a ranking method for the Semantic Web that calculates the result relevance on the proof tree of a formal query. This ensures that our dataset enables measuring recall and all of the query-document matches  , even non-trivial  , are present. The relevance assessments are determined manually for the whole dataset  , unlike in some other datasets proposed for semantic search evaluation  , such as the Semantic Search Workshop data 9   , where the relevance assessments were determined by assessing relevance for documents pooled form 100 top results from each of the participating systems  , queries were very short  , and in text format. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. Whilst classic relevance ratings have viewed relevance in purely semantic terms  , it would appear that in practice users adjust their relevance judgements when considering other factors. While sorting by relevance can be useful   , clearly the sequence of components in documents is typically based on something more meaningful. Semantic Sequencing. The presented results are preliminary. XSEarch returns semantically related fragments  , ranked by estimated relevance. The main contribution of this paper is in laying the foundations for a semantic search engine over XML documents. semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. The SemSets method 7 proposed for entity list search utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories i.e. We detail our semantic modeling approach in In Section 3  , we review conventional IR methods in order to display the basic underlying concepts of determining text relevance. The inferences are exclusive and involve different meanings . To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. Thus  , specific terms are useful to describe the relevance feature of a topic. Specific terms contain more semantic meanings and distinguish a topic from others. We explore tag-tag semantic relevance in a tag-specific manner. Denote I as an image dataset with n images  , and T as tag vocabulary with m tags. A screenshot of web-based pictogram retrieval system prototype which uses the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach with a 0.5 cutoff value. syntactic and semantic information . An obvious method in question answering QA for assessing the relevance of candidate answer sentences is by considering their underlying event structures  , i.e. Of course  , high temporal correlation does not guarantee semantic relevance. Therefore  , in TempCorr terms are ranked based on the level of correlation to the target time-series. are in fact simple examples demonstrating the use of the system-under-test. Incorporating this additional semantic fact could have helped to improve the relevance of retrieved results. Figure 4shows an example. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. A total of 399 words returned the same results for all four approaches. Each value is the mean performance value of 163 retrieval tasks performed 9 . Each of the 6 NASA TLX semantic differentials was compared across document size and document relevance level. For mental demand the differences were found to be significant  L in the Vector Space Model  , whose relevance to some documents have been manually labeled. For a given Latent Semantic Space The pictograms listed here are the relevant pictogram set of the given word; 3 QUERY MATCH RATIO > 0.5 lists all pictograms having the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 4 SR WITHOUT CATEGORY uses not-categorized interpretations to calculate the semantic relevance value; 5 SR WITH CATEGORY & NOT- WEIGHTED uses categorized interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram; 6 SR WITH CATEGORY & WEIGHTED uses categorized and weighted interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. The pictograms are ranked with the most relevant pictogram starting from the left. Gray scale indicates computed relevance with white most relevant. For each language pair  , two different kinds of semantic indexing were used. There are no semantic or pragmatic theories to guide us. These two different interpretations of probability of relevance lead to two different probabilistic models for document retrieval. Users struggled to understand why the returned set lacked semantic relevance. This seemed to help users produce better and more successful sketches. Section 4 presents precision  , recall  , and retrieval examples of four pictogram retrieval approaches. Section 3 describes semantic relevance measure  , and categorization and weighting of interpretation words. For a given Latent Semantic Space In this work we use the Euclidean distance to measure the relevance between a query and a document. We consider various combinations of text and link similarity and discuss how these correlate with semantic similarity and how well they rank pages. Having validated the proposed semantic similarity measure   , in Section 4 we begin to explore the question of applications   , namely how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. Using σ G s as a surrogate for user assessments of semantic similarity  , we can address the general question of how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. Having validated our semantic similarity measure σ G s   , let us now begin to explore its applications to performance evaluation . In this paper we do not address the problem of scalability or efficiency in determining the relevance of the ontologies  , in respect to a query. Hence  , in contrast with AquaLog  , which simply needs to retrieve all semantic resources which are based on a given ontology  , PowerAqua has to automatically identify the relevant semantic markup from a large and heterogeneous semantic web 2 . The weighted version RW weights the semantic clusters based on the aggregate relevance levels of the tweets included in each cluster. The unweighted veriosn of cluster recall RU is defined as the percentage of distinct semantic clusters that are represented in the generated timeline out of the judged semantic clusters. The relevance values attached to each rule then provide  , together with an appropriate calculus of relevance values  , a mechanism for determining the overall relevance of a given document as a function of those patterns which it contains. are themselves further defined in terms of pattern expressions in a text reference language which allows keywords  , positional contexts  , and simple syntactic and semantic notions. The higher relevance ratings for the task that required subjects to locate a previously seen image suggest that users were better able to specify those queries. Thus users clicked on blue and were presented with predominantly blue images  , we believe that this meant that the users were evaluating the relevance of the return more on the colour than the semantic relevance. The proposed measure takes into account the probability and similarity in a set of pictogram interpretation words  , and to enhance retrieval performance   , pictogram interpretations were categorized into five pictogram categories using the Concept Dictionary in EDR Electronic Dictionary. The intuition behind this approach is that proximity in the graph reflects mutual relevance between nodes. It enables Semantic Search to provide richer results as the Semantic Web grows  , but also makes the system more susceptible to spam and irrelevant information.  The distinguishability of keyword: A resource having semantic paths to distinguishable keywords is more relevant than a resource having semantic paths to undistinguishable keywords. The relevance of a resource a is in inverse proportion to the distance from the ideal position 1  , ..  , 1 to the point of a. Topics sustainable tourism and interpolation 1411 and 4882 do not benefit from semantic matching due to a semantic gap: interpolation is associated with the polynomial kind while the relevance assessments focus on stochastic methods. TU The TU benchmark contains both English and Dutch textual evidence. Relevance: On the one hand all of our data is exposed through different formats  , which limits not only their integration and semantic interpretation but also any kind of basic inference across data sources. On the other hand data is exposed through human or device-based sensors  , it is then crucial that real-time semantic conversion can be supported. To calculate precision and recall  , we normalize the semantic distance to a scale from 0 to 1. In our case studies  , we compare each correspondence {x  , y} in A to a correspondence {x  , y } in a reference alignment R. We use the semantic distance between y and y as a relevance measure for the correspondence {x  , y}. To do so  , the model leverages the existing classifier p0y|x  , and create the semantic embedding vector of x as a convex combination of semantic vectors of the most relevant training labels. By projecting images into S  , cross-media relevance can be computed. These quality measures were derived by observing the workflow of a domain expert using the example of but not limited to the field of chemistry. Degree of Category Coverage DCC  , semantic word bandwidth SWD and relevance of covered terms RCT  , for measuring the quality of semantic techniques used for taxonomy / folksonomy creation. We show that the new measure predicts human responses to a much greater accuracy. Using this method we find that 48 ,922 doorway pages in 526 abusive cloud directories utilize traffic spam techniques to manipulate the page relevance. If the keywords have a large semantic gap semantic similarity<0.05  , we determine that the doorway page utilizes traffic spam techniques.  In this paper  , we focus on ranking the results of complex relationship searches on the Semantic Web. The richness of the SemRank relevance model stems from the fact that it uses a blend of semantic and information theoretic techniques along with heuristics to determine the rank of Besides the semantic relevance between the ad and ad landing page  , the ad should be consistent with the style of web page. Conventional contextual advertising primarily matches ads to web pages based on categories or prominent keywords which are regarded as semantic meaning.  The number of meaningful semantic path instances: We regard resources which have many meaningful semantic path instances directed to keywords as more relevant resources. In the novel ranking model proposed in this paper  , the following three relevance criteria are considered. Interestingly  , for the topic law and informatization/computerization 1719 we see that the Dutch translation of law is very closely related. This was not so clear about our application in the relevance part of semantic data – in the form of the lexicon of referential equivalents. Our experiments after the evaluation show there is a value using semantic information in detecting similarity and dissimilarity. Boolean operators and uncertainty operators have to be evaluated in a different way from the evaluation of semantic operators. 7'he relevance of a document takes the maximal value among the correspondence measures evaluated between itk component semantic expressions and the query. In this paper 1 we present a coordination middleware for the Semantic Web and demonstrate its relevance to these vital issues for Semantic Web applications. This includes issues of persistent storage  , efficient reasoning  , data mediation  , scalability  , distribution of data  , fault tolerance and security. Fourth  , we developed a suitable ranking mechanism that takes into account both the degree of the semantic relationship and the relevance of the keywords. Third  , we have combined the notion of semantic relationship with traditional information-retrieval techniques to guarantee that answers are not merely semantically-related fragments  , but actually fragments that are highly relevant to the keywords of the query. Other semantic types that fell under health  , biology and chemistry related topics were given a medium weight. On the other hand semantic types such as  , " disease and syndrome "   , "sign or symptoms"  , "body part" were assigned the highest possible weight  , as they would be very critical is determining the relevance of a biomedical article. We introduce a typical use case in which an intelligent traffic management system must support coordinated access to a knowledge base for a large number of agents. Their approach combines a retrieval model with the methods for spreading activation over the link structure of a knowledge graph and evaluation of membership in semantic sets. The SemSets model 6 utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories semantic sets  , SemSets measured according to structural and textual similarity. In the same way that assessors disagree over relevance judgments see 6 for a nice summary  , humans also disagree about whether two pieces of text have the same semantic content. The second issue—semantic equivalence between atomic information units—is challenging because making such judgments requires taking into account context and fine-grained distinctions in meaning. Finally we have undertaken a massive data mining effort on ODP data in order to begin to explore how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance in agreement with semantic similarity. We have shown that the proposed semantic similarity measure predicts human judgments of relatedness with significantly greater accuracy than the tree-based measure. We argue that considering a latent semantic model's score only is not enough to determine its effectiveness in search  , and all potentially useful information captured by the model should be considered . While the scores produced by latent semantic models have demonstrated a strong correlation with document relevance  , they are just the " tip of the iceberg " in capturing the relation between a query and document. Combinations of latent semantic models. These scoring functions are simple and intuitive  , but we argue that they are not expressive enough to tune latent semantic models for relevance prediction and that they do not use all potentially useful information from the model. Situation-aware applications would additionally require semantic assertions about the user navigation  , interaction logic and associated data model for the purposes of temporal and positional relevance. Information about the author  , title and attribution and preferences  , policies or opinions regarding manipulation of the content by third parties 28  , and transformation rules thereof  , could also be included as semantic hints. In particular  , a definite effect was observed for RTs typically less than for hierarchical traversal. However the results are suggestive of the existence of some semantic distance effect  , with an inverse correlation between semantic distance and relevance assessment  , dependant on position in the subject hierarchy  , direction of term traversal and other factors. In our previous research about digital libraries 1  and large digital book collec- tions 2  we proposed three general metrics  , i.e. Based on these observations  , we proposed three measures namely degree of category coverage DCC  , semantic word bandwidth SWB and relevance of covered terms RCT. Therefore  , our future work will focus on the creation of suitable test corpora and will measure different semantic techniques using manual inspection together with appropriate quality measures. After that it matches the query keywords with the generated service semantic graph keywords to find relevance and propose services to the user. It generates a semantic graph for I/O of WSDL services using a user provided ontology and Wordnet 12 . The semantic match relies on the classification of pages and ads into a 6000 nodes commercial advertising taxonomy to determine their topical distance. In this paper we proposed a novel way of matching advertisements to web pages that rely on a topical semantic match as a major component of the relevance score. The semantic types used in the current system were determined entirely by inspection. However  , the configuration and tuning of the NLP-based passage trimming is complex  , and will require much further work to determine which UMLS semantic types are most informative about sentence relevance for each entity type. In addition  , the usual problems attached to concurrent executions  , like race conditions and deadlocks  , are raised. However  , this probably changes the 'order' in which events are consumed and thus has semantic relevance. We extract the keywords from the META tag of the doorway pages and query their semantic similarity using DISCO API. To measure the keywords relevance to identify traffic spam  , we studied the doorway pages with more than one META keywords. As the length of a semantic path gets longer  , the relevance between the source and the destination decreases. where 0 < α  , β < 1 and I and MI are normalized to be in the same range 0  , 1. In the ARCOMEM project 22 first approaches have been investigated to implement a social and semantic driven selection model for Web and Social Web content. The potential relevance of Tweets for Web archive creation has been explored 26. We offer this description to demonstrate that evidence gleaned from pseudo-queries could have non-temporal applications  , calling the induced model R a document's " semantic profile. " This is similar to building a relevance model for each document 3. After explicit feature mapping 18  , the cosine similarity is used as the relevance score. These video features include motion features e.g. , improved dense trajectory 13  , audio features e.g. , MFCC and visual semantic features 15 . The basic underlying assumption is that the same word form carries the same semantic meaning. Information Retrieval typically measures the relevance of documents to a query based on word similarity. If the same types of dependencies were capture by both syntactic and semantic dependencies  , LCE would be expected to perform about equally as well as relevance models. after query expansion. Thus  , a good CBIR method should consider low-level features as well as intrinsic structure of the data. This phenomenon is extremely important to explore the semantic relevance when the label information is unknown. Thus it has particular relevance for archaeological cross domain research. It encompasses cultural heritage generally and is envisaged as 'semantic glue' mediating between different sources and types of information. In semantic class extraction  , Zhang et al. Though this topic modeling approach is more theoretically motivated  , it does not have the flexibility of adding different features to capture different aspects such as query relevance. In the following section  , five pictogram categories are described  , and characteristics in pictogram interpretation are clarified. We will show that categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach returns better result than not-categorized  , not-weighted approaches. Our method presupposes a set of pictograms having a list of interpretation words and ratios for each pictogram. Here  , we propose a semantic relevance measure which outputs relevancy values of each pictogram when a pictogram interpretation is given. This equation  , however  , does not take into account the similarity of interpretation words. Using the similarity  , we can define the measure of Semantic Relevance or SRw i   , e as follows: Some semantic-relevance images that can not be found under the typical visual bag-of-words model were successfully retrieved. Their experiments demonstrate that the visual phrase-based retrieval approach outperforms the visual word-based approach. Hence  , the key issue of the extension is how to findkreate the relevance among different databases. A challenge in multi-database mining is a semantic heterogeneity among multiple databases because usually no explicit foreign key/link relationships exists among them. Consider for example an interaction logic implemented as JSP bean or Javascript  , etc. If the glb values of the conjunct are already available in the semantic index  , they are directly retrieved. If a conjunct is an IR concept  , the glb values are retrieved from the IR Relevance Assertions . QR  , using a highly tuned semantic engine  , can attain high relevance. The highest P@3 for IFM is clocked at 0.794  , which is comparable to the 0.801 achieved by QR4. Then in 26  semantic relatedness measure is used to pick the meaning that has the highest relevance to the context where the ambiguous term appears. For example  , the article " platform disambiguation " contains 17 meanings of the word " platform " . We assume that the significance of a citation link can be estimated by the relevance of each entity considering the query topic. Marginal citations are detected by semantic links between two homogeneous entities. A version of the corpus is annotated with various linguistic information such as part-of-speech  , morphology  , UMLS semantic classes. The relevance judgments are supplied in a format amenable to TREC evaluation . Future work will look at incorporating document-side dependencies  , as well. Finally  , we reiterated the importance of choosing expansion terms that model relevance  , rather than the relevant documents and showed how LCE captures both syntactic and query-side semantic dependencies. For instance  , a word like " morning " may score high in the category of coffee merely based on its occurrence at similar times as coffee terms. We used sentence as window size to measure relevance of appearing concepts to the topic term. ST represents a semantic type to which the concepts appearing in the topicrelated text snippets belong. Different from LSA and its variants  , our model learns a projection matrix  , which maps the term-vector of a document onto a lower-dimensional semantic space  , using a supervised learning method. The relevance of a query and a document is computed as the cosine similarity between their vectors in the semantic space. It means that those nearby data points  , or points belong to the same cluster or manifold   , are very likely to share the same semantic label. This could be done by assigning weights to Semantic Associations based on the contextual relevance and then validating only those associations with a high relevance weight. A second heuristic is to try to prune the number of paths that need to be validated at the data storage layer. In our approaches  , we propose four semantic features. For example  , using TopicInfo Corpus  , we may get the relevance between the tweet link and user's query while using Origin Corpus  , we can get the content relevance between the query and the tweet text. We introduce an experimental platform based on the data set and topics from the Semantic Search Challenge 9  , 4 . Our second model Entity-centric estimates the relevance of each individual entity within the collection and then aggregates these scores to determine the collection's relevance. We compared the precision of QR implemented on top of three major search engines and saw that relevance can be affected by low recall for long queries; in fact  , precision decays as a function of low recall. Using more than one event queue allows a more concurrent handling of events using multiple threads. First  , we provide a general method for the aggregation of information streams based on the concept of semantic relevance and on a novel asymmetric aggregation function. Summing up  , the innovation of our work can be presented in two aspect. Essentially  , an interface to a bi-directional weakly connected graph that is transparently generated as the programmer works. The adjacent semantic link panel lists links to more content that is of relevance to what is displayed in the content panel. That's why LSSH can improve mAP by 18% at least which also shows the importance to reduce semantic gap between different modals. But the hash codes of images generated by baseline methods still show little relevance to their topics. And a tag-tag visual similarity matrix is formulated by the propagated tag relevance from trustable images in Section 2.2. In Section 2.1  , we study the tag-tag text similarity matrix by Latent Semantic Indexing 1 on tag occurrence. The topics are categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard topic " difficulty "   , semantic/visual topic " visuality "   , and geographic/general 4. The ImageCLEF 2007 collection is a set of 20 ,000 images  , 60 search topics  , and associated relevance judgments. Average distance weight and the co-occurrence ratio are not able to reflect the semantic similarities between a question and a candidate answer. When there is no relevance to each other  , the category vector similarity is low. We identified ambiguities in pictogram interpretation and possible issues involved in the usage of such pictograms in communication. In the Semantic Web community  , crowdsourcing has also been recently considered  , for instance to link 10 or map 21  entities. Crowdsourcing can be used to produce relevance judgements for documents 2  , books 16  , 17  , or entities 5. The basic idea is to produce an accurate ranking function by combining many " weak " learners. We define pictogram categories by appropriating first level categories defined in the Concept Dictionary of EDR Electronic Dictionary6. When the semantic relevance is calculated  , however  , the equation takes into account all the interpretation words including talking or church or play. Pictogram in Table 1could be a candidate since it contains both words with a total ratio of 0.1. Selecting a set of words relevant to the query would reduce the effect of less-relevant interpretation words affecting the calculation. As expected  , the worst method in terms of semantic relevance is the TempCorr method  , which ignores semantics altogether. ContextPMI and the Hybrid method generally achieve better accuracy and their deterioration in quality is slower compared with APMI and TempCorr . Figure 3is similar to Figure 2  , but compare the percent of relevant tweets with the volume of newly discovered content . The results of the rating question on relevance suggested that users believed the returned sets were not always semantically relevant. The Semantic Gap problem was commented upon by the subjects of both studies. However  , the browsing tool simply required users to think about what might be the main colour and then look in that colour square. Kacimi and Gamper propose a different opinion diversification framework for controversial queries 17  , 18 : three criteria are considered for diversification: topical relevance  , semantic diversification  , and sentiment diversification. The SCSF model is a further extension  , presented in Section 3.2.2. It fits naturally the IR framework based on vector space model VSM. The Maximum Entropy approach allows for the use of a large amount of descriptors without the need to specify their relevance for training a specific semantic concept. the probability distribution keeping the uncertainty maximal. After extracting the semantic features  , we need to represent those features in a proper format so that it is convenient to calculate the relevance between tweets and profiles. Tweets and Profiles can be represented by word2vec knowledge base as follow , A query usually provides only a very restricted means to represent the user's intention. We have proposed a method named the Relevance-based Superimposition RS model to solve the semantic ambiguity problem in information retrieval. Recently  , millions of tagged images are available online in social community. In this paper  , to tackle this problem  , we explore the latent semantic relevance among tags from text and visual perspectives. Image tag re-ranking becomes an interesting topic in research community 2 and industry. For instance  , the top 20 retrieved documents have a mean relevance value of 4.2 upon 5  , versus 2.7 in the keyword search. On the other hand  , the relevance graph shows that here the semantic search gives high ranks to the relevant documents. The relevance value of a document with respect to " pimo:Person " is dynamically measured as the aggregated relevance value of that document with respect to all instances of the concept " pimo:Person " in the PIMO ontology. 2  , the x-axis highlights documents relevant to " Semantic Desktop " while the y-axis highlights documents relevant to " pimo:Person " . Specifically  , a sentence consisting of a mentioned location set and a term set is rated in terms of the geographic relevance to location and the semantic relevance to tag   , as   , where Then  , given a representative tag   , we generate its corresponding snippets by ranking all the sentences in the travelogue collection according to the query " " . The content layer is at the bottom  , since the similarity calculated based on low-level features does not have any well-defined mapping with object relevance perceived at semantic level. Structure link is also a strong indicator of the relevance between objects  , but is not as reliable as user links. Therefore  , it is important to locate interesting and meaningful relations and to rank them before presenting them to the user. To prove the applicability of our technique  , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. The method is based on: i a semantic relevance function acting as a kernel to discover the semantic affinities of heterogeneous information items  , and ii an asymmetric vector projection model on which semantic dependency graphs among information items are built and representative elements of these graphs can be selected. The rest of the section elaborates on these measures and how they are used to rank ρ-path associations. Finally  , we allow users to optionally specify some keywords that capture relevance and results which contain semantic matches are ranked highest. However  , it does not carry out semantic annotation of documents  , which is the problem addressed here. It uses the ontology structure to determine the relevance of the candidate instances. The content panel can display various media such as a web browser  , drawing canvas or code editor. These findings suggest that the criteria in the Hybrid method Equation 7 improves both temporal similarity and semantic relevance. Also  , the hybrid method selects fewer terms and stops before the quality deteriorates any further. It uses a non-logic based textual similarity to discover services. Cross-media relevance between an unlabeled image and a test label is computed by cosine similarity between their embedding vectors. Figure 1: Zero-shot image tagging by hierarchical semantic embedding. Theobald and Weikum 24  describe a query language for XML that supports approximate matches with relevance ranking based on ontologies and semantic similarity. The WHIRL system 9  computes ranked results of queries with similarity joins  , but uses an extensional semantics. These cases yield a high precision up to almost maximum recall. Our approach utilizes categorized pictogram interpretations together with the semantic relevance measure to retrieve and rank relevant pictograms for a given interpretation . Related research unifies the browsing by tags and visual features for intuitive exploration of image databases5 . First we create original intent hierarchies OIH by manually grouping the official intents based on their semantic similarity or relatedness. We use the official intents as atomic intents to avoid reassessing relevance of the documents. SAXException is not thrown by any of the resolvable methods in the test scenario; therefore  , the functionality being sought should throw that exception . Regarding the amount of relevance of each term to the each section  , its importance for the document is evaluated. In order to overcome this shortcome  , we propose a novel approach to divide web pages in different semantic sections. It also takes into account the beliefs associated to these propositions; the higher their beliefs  , the higher the relevance. However  , almost all of them ignore one important factor for resource selection  , i.e. , the impact factor of information source itself. Almost all these existing methods are devoted to propose various measures to estimate the relevance score between query and sources and this kind of relevance is very closely related with the semantic content of query and results. An analogous approach has been used in the past to evaluate similarity search  , but relying on only the hierarchical ODP structure as a proxy for semantic similarity 7  , 16. Multimodality is the capability of fusing and presenting heterogeneous data  , such as audio  , video and text  , from multiple information sources  , such as the Internet and TV. In our experiment we manipulated four independent variables: image size small  , medium  , large  , relevance level relevant  , not relevant  , topic difficulty easy  , medium  , difficult  , very difficult and topic visuality visual  , medium  , semantic. All combinations of independent variables were presented  , with each combination of topic 3 visuality x 4 difficulty being presented randomly  , and then for each topic all combinations of image size and relevance level 3 sizes x 2 relevance levels were presented randomly as a block. Latent semantic models based on the latent space matching approach learn vector representations for queries and documents  , such that the distance between a query vector vQ and a document vector vD reflects the degree of relevance of the document D to the query Q. We start with the metafeatures shared by all models of this class and then take a closer look at the Deep Structured Semantic Model 20. There is already a very significant body of work around entailment for the Semantic Web 10  , based on description logics providing an underlying formal semantics for the various flavours of OWL. Both entailment and designation have relevance for the Semantic Web: entailment relating to what can be concluded from what is already known  , and designation relates to establishing the connection between symbols in a formal system and what they represent. One major question concerns the practical applicability of these different matchmakers in general  , not restricted to some given domain-specific and/or very small-sized scenario  , by means of their retrieval performance over a given initial test collection  , SAWSDL-TC1  , that consists of more than 900 SAWSDL services from different application domains. In addition  , it learns the optimal aggregation of these different types of semantic matching to decide on the semantic relevance of a service to a given request. Some insights from measurement theory in Mathematical Psychology were briefly covered to illustrate how inappropriate correspondence between symbol and referent can result in logically valid but meaningless inference. In conclusion  , this paper has put forward some of the hard questions the semantic Web needs to answer  , examined some of the pitfalls that may occur if they are not addressed  , and explained the relevance of the symbol grounding problem for the kinds of semantic interoperability issues commonly encountered. A large number of bytes changed might result from a page creator who restructures the spacing of a page's source encoding while maintaining the same content from a semantic and rhetorical point of view. Unfortunately  , there is not an easily computed metric that provides a direct correlation between syntactic and semantic changes in a Web page For instance  , there is no clear relationship between the number of bytes changed and the relevance of the change to the reader. Hence  , the scatter plot can show  , among others  , documents referring to both the topic " Semantic Desktop " and one or more persons who are of specific interest to the users documents plotted above both axes. To summarize the representative aspects of a destination  , we first generate a few representative tags  , and then identify related snippets for each tag to further describe and interpret the relation between the tag and the destination. Specifically  , a sentence consisting of a mentioned location set and a term set is rated in terms of the geographic relevance to location and the semantic relevance to tag   , as   , where For example  , Arguello et al. , 2009a used Category-based Similarity to rank the resources and Arguello et al. , 2009b build a probabilistic model by combining multiple types of queries with the corresponding search engine types. A serious consequence of such an overly simplified assumption of a document's relevance quality to a given query is that the model's generalization capability is limited: one has to collect a large number of such query-document pairs to obtain a confident estimate of relevance. In most of the existing click models  , we are only aware of which position is clicked  , but the underlying " semantic explanations " for the clicking behavior  , e.g. , clicked content redundancy and click distance  , are completely discarded. For instance  , it was agreed to that a hyponym of campaign  , such as Marlboro Ranch a name of a specific marketing campaign should be considered  , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance  , whereas the non-specific hypernym campaign should not be considered   , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance. In the context of the TREC Interactive Task  , discussions of nuance and specificity centered on the semantic relations hyponymy and hypernymy 5 . Term frequency was developed by their domain experts in order to establish the relevance of different MetaMap semantic types and articles that displayed high frequency of relevant terms were ranked higher among articles that had lower frequencies. The prestige of the journal article was used to increase relevance because they believed that a journal that was highly recognized for accurate information would be more likely to contain a document relevant to the query. Then  , we present a fully unsupervised framework that implements all the functionalities provided by the general method. Two nodes va  , v b are connected from va to v b if the corresponding element e ab ∈ E is greater than α. The heterogeneous nature of the data and our approach to constructing semantic links between documents are what differentiate our work from traditional cluster-based retrieval. Similar to cluster-based retrieval  , we rank the verticals clusters based on their estimated relevance and ultimately select the top ranked verticals to choose items from. Our models assume that the questions in the dataset can be grouped into K distinct clusters and that each cluster has a distinct relevance prediction model as well. On the one hand  , this is a positive result: the models do not require a fine tuning of K. On the other hand  , this can make it difficult to assign semantic meaning to the clusters. Deviations from schema represented paths are called refractions and paths with many refractions are unlikely to be easily anticipated by users  , making them less predictable. The goal would be to efficiently obtain a measure of the semantic distance between two versions of a document. On the contrary  , HTML tags and other features such as keywords can be used in order to infer the relevance of changes. Contextual expansion methodologies i.e. These results demonstrate that our system can achieve close to the best scores for a few number of topics simply because we could not implement the semantic similarity measure to compute the tweet relevance due to time complexity limitation. This highlights the need to find a better similarity measure based on the semantic similarity rather than just textual overlap. One problem in judging relevance between a tweet and a linked resource is the tweet is limited to 140 characters while the resource could span thousands of characters. We formulate a combination of the new semantic change measure and the relevance prediction from the enhanced classifier to produce a normalized quantifiable intention strength measure ranging from -1.0 to 1.0 past to current intention  , respectively. Our second contribution is quantifying this temporal intention based on the enhanced model. Existing measures of indexing consistency are flawed because they ignore semantic relations between the terms that different indexers assign. Alternatively  , for request-oriented indexing  , where a document's retrievability is more important than the consistency of its representation  , the weights could be derived from searchers' relevance judgements. How to measure the similarity of events or road condition ? Only part 1 of the questionnaire was utilized  , which is composed of six semantic differentials mental demand  , physical demand  , temporal demand  , performance  , effort and frustration  , all rated between 0 and 100. After making a relevance judgment a NASA TLX questionnaire would be displayed. The general trend for most of the categories is that demand increases as size of document increases  , the exception being perceived performance where the values decrease as document size increases. We believe it achieves higher recall without losing precision of retrieval  , because documents usually have much more information than a query. This is approached by embedding both the image and the novel labels into a common semantic space such that their relevance can be estimated in terms of the distance between the corresponding vectors in the space. Given an unlabeled image  , the goal of zero-shot image tagging is to automatically tag the image with labels that have no training examples available. The page-level results of semantic prediction are inevitably not accurate enough  , due to the inter-site variations and weak features used to characterize vertical knowledge. Specially  , the attribute relevance vector of a data field D is computed by averaging over its member text nodes  , as A final problem of particular relevance to the database community is the manifest inability of NLIs to insure semantic correctness of user queries and operations. These are very significant challenges  , especially for transportable systems which are based on theoretical idealizations of language  , not the kind of slop that real users use. This issue is typically resolved by acknowledging these assessor differences and simply accepting the opinion of a single assessor. Image relevance was also considered to be a factor for this experiment. The subjective effort results also indicate that visual topics require less effort to judge in terms of subjective effort  , for example it was found that participants believed they had better performance for visual topics  , while for semantic topics  , the perceived mental workload and effort was greater. We validated this principle in a quite different context involving combination of the topical and the semantic dimensions 29. CombMNZ may be compared to a burden of proof  , gathering pieces of evidence: documents retrieved by several source IRSs are so many clues enforcing their presumption of relevance. In our research we focus on challenges that are presented by the growing use of on-line collections of digital items  , such as digitized text books  , audio books  , and video and mixed media content 1   , which require adequate browsing and search support. As the value nears zero  , the pictogram becomes less relevant; hence  , a cutoff point is needed to discard the less relevant pictograms. Using the semantic relevance values  , pictograms can be ranked from very relevant value close to 1 to not so relevant value close to 0. The aim of this work is to provide developers and end users with a semantic search engine for open source software. Preferences such as interest domain and programming language  , as well as characteristics of the application being developed along with a ranking method would improve the relevance of the returned results. It has also become clear that in order to arrive to an executable benchmark  , we needed to exclude significant parts of a semantic search system. Despite this  , our model could be applied in alternative scenarios where the relevance of an object to a query can be evaluated. The result of this step is a list of terms  , where each term is assigned with a single Wikipedia article that describes its meaning. The obvious approach would be to assess the magnitude or amount of change. We observe that even when there is no change in the entropy  , there is still an amount of information responsible for any variance in the probability distribution. The possible worlds semantics  , originally put forward by Kripke for modal logics  , is commonly used for representing knowledge with uncertainties. As part of the CLEF 2006 effort  , which shared the same set of topics as used in CLEF 2007  , the topics were categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard  , semantic/visual  , and geographic/general 5. CLEF 2007 is a set of 20 ,000 images  , 60 search topics  , and associated relevance judgements. The RSVP user interface is primarily designed for relevance assessment of video shots  , which are presented in a rapid but controllable sequence. The MediaMagic user interface contains tools for issuing queries text  , latent semantic text  , image histogram  , and concept queries  , displays ranked results lists and has an area for viewing and judging retrieved shots. Discovered semantic concepts are printed using bold font. s ≈ 14 i particle Table 1: Identifier-definitions for selected identifiers and namespaces extracted from the English Wikipedia  , the accumulated score s and the human relevance rankings confirmed    , partly confirmed    , not sure   and incorrect  . To do this  , we first cluster a large tweet corpus Tweets2011 and then calculate a trigonal area for each triplet ⟨query  , tweet  , cluster⟩ in a Figure 1: Overall system architecture latent semantic space. We tackle this problem by generating new contentbased features to represent the relevance of a tweet to a given query. Therefore  , by modeling both types of dependencies we see an additive effect  , rather than an absorbing effect. The evaluation results on ad hoc task show that entities can indeed bring further improvements on the performance of Web document retrieval when combined with axiomatic retrieval model with semantic expansion  , one of the state-ofthe-art methods. Each dimension of the latent space is represented by an entity and the query-document relevance is estimated based on their projections to each dimension. We utilized a similar methodology in SCDA. Later in 2  , polynomial semantic indexing PSI is performed by learning two low-rank mapping matrices in a learning to rank framework  , and then a polynomial model is considered to measure the relevance between query and document. The difference between CCA and PLS is that CCA utilizes cosine as the similarity function while PLS learns dot product. Although presented as a ranking problem  , they use binary classification to rank the related concepts. 4 study the problem of semantic query suggestion  , where each query is linked to a list of concepts from DBpedia  , ranked by their relevance to the query. Also  , our approach to target detection can be naturally applied to many real-world problems such as word sense disambiguations as well as semantic query suggestion with Wikipedia. A natural next step is to extend the binary judgements to multiple relevance levels. Euclidean distance only considers the data similarity  , but manifold distance tries to capture the semantic relevance by the underlying structure of the data set. An interesting thing is that the distance metric defined by EMR we name it manifold distance is very different with traditional metrics e.g. , Euclidean distance used in many other retrieval methods. As Gupta et al 10 comment the most successful systems are those which an organizing structure has been imposed on the data to give it semantic relevance. However  , systems such as these still require a meaningful entry point to the set  , which might be through a query tool  , or a structured browsing tool which provides some level of organization. However  , individual phrases and words might have multiple meanings and/or be unrelated to the overall topic of the page leading to miss-matched ads. Current proposals for XML query languages lack most IR-related features  , which are weighting and ranking  , relevance-oriented search  , datatypes with vague predicates  , and semantic relativism. In this paper  , we have described a new query language for information retrieval in XML documents. We have presented the new query language XIRQL which integrates all these features  , and we have described the concepts that are necessary in order to arrive at a consistent model for XML retrieval. Changes on a topic's representation involve the introduction of event-dependent features  , which bring along ambiguous semantic relevance to the topic. Topic characterisation in Social Media poses various challenges due to the event-dependent nature of topics discussed on this outlet. Therefore  , such methods are not appropriate to be applied on feature sets generated from LOD. Standard feature selection methods tend to select the features that have the highest relevance score without exploiting the semantic relations between the features in the feature space. Thus  , in this section  , we briefly review the literature and compare our approach with related literature. The work in the reported paper is related to several fields ranging from VoID data generation 5 ,4  , semantic indexing 18  , graph importance measures 20 ,12  , and topic relevance assessment 8 ,9 address similar problems. To retrieve better intention-conveying pictograms using a word query  , we proposed a semantic relevance measure which utilizes interpretation words and frequencies collected from a web survey. Six different images were shown to the participant for each topic  , the images varied for each combination of size and relevance  , for that topic. Most combinations contained multiple topics  , with the exception of easy/semantic  , easy/medium visual  , and very difficult/medium visual. Table 6 provides a matrix of the changes in relevance labels for the documents returned in the top position for each query Next  , we take a closer look at the changes brought about by the inclusion of metafeatures in the combination of latent semantic models. The queries we did find in the query logs are real  , provide a diversity of topics  , are highly relevant and fall within the common subset of query types supported by the majority of semantic search engines. Questions and candidate snippets are analyzed by our information extraction pipeline 13   , which extracts entity mentions  , performs within-document and cross-document coreference  , detects relations between entity mentions  , compute parse trees  , and assigns semantic roles to constituents of the parse tree. The second class of features attempt to capture the relevance of the snippet to the query. The features used for relevance prediction are an extension of those used in the 28. We pursue an approach that is based on a modulative relevance model SemRank  , that can easily using a sliding bar be modulated or adjusted via the query interface. In this paper  , we focus on ranking the results of complex relationship searches on the Semantic Web. Different from the convention of storing the index of each object with itself  , the LGM stores the knowledge as the links between media objects. The significance of the new context-based approach lies in the greatly improved relevance of search results. To this end we use a semantic metric that given a pair of words or phrases returns a normalized score reflecting the degree to which their meanings are related. Then  , the ESA semantic interpreter will go through each text word  , retrieve corresponding entries in the inverted index  , and merge them into a vector of concepts that is ordered by their relevance to the input text. The given text fragment is first represented as a vector of words weighted also by TFIDF. Our method does not require supervised relevance judgments and is able to learn from raw textual evidence and document-candidate associations alone. We show that our approach improves retrieval performance compared to vector space-based and generative language models  , mainly due to its ability to perform semantic matching 34. In the next step  , we would like to analyze the effect of usercontributed annotations and semantic linkage on the effectiveness of the map retrieval system. At the bottom of the screen  , YES/NO buttons allow users to submit a relevance judgement for this map/query pair. Measuring semantic quantities of information requires innovation on the theory  , better clarification of the relationship between information and entropy  , and justification of this relationship. Digital libraries technologies such as those related to information organization and retrieval deal with issues of semantics and relevance  , beyond pure engineering problems. This reconfirms previous observations that modeling dependencies via the use of proximity features within the MRF has more of an impact on larger  , noisier collections than smaller  , well-behaved ones. For example  , the presence of the term " neurologist " is unlikely to convey the same impact to a document's relevance as the presence of " astrocytosis. " Although all these phrases are important to diagnosing the patient described in the topic  , a significant amount of semantic meaning is lost when the key-phrases are removed from their contexts . In this representation  , the relevance of a tweet to a given query is represented via each topically formed cluster. Finally  , an average relevance score over a set of empirical threshold values triggered a tweet to be sent to the matching user for Task A within a few seconds after the tweet was originally created. We also calculated the semantic similarity of a new tweet with the tweets that were already sent to the users to minimize redundancy. They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. worked on snippet generation for a semantic search engine Sindice that indexes instance data 2. In contrast  , the definition of similarity in duplicate detection in early database research 1312 is very conservative  , which is mainly to find syntactically " almost-identical " documents. In many IR tasks document similarity refers to semantic " relevance " among documents  , which are could be syntactically very different but still relevant. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. Polynomial Semantic Indexing 232 PSI. Based on the assumption that users prefer those tweets related to the profile and popular in social media  , we consider social attributes as follow  ,  Then  , the semantic score and quality score are utilized to evaluate the relevance and quality of a tweet for a certain profile. When using the sketch tool subjects had to formulate a candidate image to serve as their query. The challenge for CBIR systems therefore is to provide mechanisms for structuring browsing in ways that rely upon the visual characteristics of images. The ranking score can be viewed as a metric of the manifold distance which is more meaningful to measure the semantic relevance. When manifold ranking is applied to retrieval such as image retrieval  , after specifying a query by the user  , we can use the closed form or iteration scheme to compute the ranking score of each point. For example  , the first retrieved image in the first case is the 34th image retrieved by Euclidean distance. We can use machine translation to translate contexts and citations and get two views Chinese-Chinese  , For monolingual context and citations Chinese-Chinese or English-English  , we adopt Supervised Semantic Index SSI 19 to model their relevance score. In this section  , we try to make use of the translated corpus to enhance MLSRec-I. The semantic association between the nodes is used to compute the edge weights query-independent while the relevance of a node to the query is used to define the node weight query- dependent. In this work nodes and edges of the page graph are assigned weights using both query-dependent and independent factors see 5. We then proposed different aspects for characterizing reference quality  , including context coherence  , selection clarity  , and reference relevance with respect to the selection and the context. We developed a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model to measure user interest. Given a semantic user query regarding the relevance of the extracted triples consisting of basic graph patterns and implemented as SPARQL query; a query expressed in natural language might be: " Retrieve all acquisitions of companies in the smartphone domain. " At the end of the KB Linking step  , we have textual triples which are mapped to KB triples either partly or completely. However  , according to 22 this may not be sufficient for more general and larger ontologies  , and thus  , the similarity should be a function of the attributes path length  , depth and local density. The Cranfield paradigm of retrieval evaluation is based on a test collection consisting of three components: a set of documents  , a set of information need statements called topics  , and a set of relevance judgments. A number of tasks are defined in TRECVID  , including shot detection  , story segmentation   , semantic feature extraction  , and information retrieval. The relevance is then computed based on the similarity between two bags of concepts. The proposed method is able to standardize the language used in topics and visits based on UMLS 1 and translate them into a language based on semantic codes provided by the thesaurus. In the digital age  , the value of images depends on how easily they can be located  , searched for relevance  , and retrieved. Images are semantic instruments for capturing aspects of the real world  , and form a vital part of the scientific record for which words are no substitute. The physician is interested in the immediate finding of articles where relevance is defined by the semantic similarity to some kind of prototype abstract delivered by the specialist. from a journal a real world example for a database containing medical document abstracts is given by the Journal of Clinical Oncology 1 . Our Foursquare dataset consisted of all checkins from 2011 and 2012 except December 2012 aggregated in 20 minutes bins by category and urban area. As mentioned before  , our semantic topic compass framework relies on incorporating the semantics of words into the feature space of the studied topic  , aiming at characterising the relevance and ambiguity of the these features. 5 how to enrich the space representation of the topic with the conceptual semantics of words. Hence  , this step extracts first the latent semantics of words under a topic  , and then incorporates these semantics into the topic's feature space. In summary  , the key contributions of this paper are as follows: 1 We present a novel image search system to enable users to search images with the requirement on the spatial distribution of semantic concepts. Experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed image search system  , including the new query formulation interface and the relevance evaluation scheme. In other words  , it would never be computationally possible to apply a semantic relevance check to millions of components. For this reason the combination of the three steps is the only practical way to retrieve components with reasonable precision from very large repositories like the web. Another advantage of the model is that we can use this model to capture the 'semantic'/hidden relevance between the query and the target objects. In this way  , the dependencies between different types of objects are modeled using the topic z. The richness of the SemRank relevance model stems from the fact that it uses a blend of semantic and information theoretic techniques along with heuristics to determine the rank of In this way  , a user can easily vary their search mode from a Conventional search mode to a Discovery search mode based on their need. Of special relevance to the fulfillment of the Semantic Web vision is automating KA from text and image resources. The goal of Knowledge Acquisition KA is to develop methods and tools that make the arduous task of capturing and validating an expert's knowledge as efficient and effective as possible. Automated KA systems take as input multimedia documents originally intended for human consumption only and provide as output knowledge that machines can reason about. The goal in IR is to determine  , for a given user query  , the relevant documents in a text collection  , ranking them according to their relevance degree for the query. In this paper we investigate the benefits of using the semantic content automatically extracted from text for Information Retrieval IR. A well equipped and powerful system should be able to compare the content of the abstracts regarding their semantics  , i.e. We argued in 14 that annotating medical images with information available from LODD can eventually improve their search and navigation through additional semantic links. But that comes with the condition of a context-dependent quality and relevance of established associations i.e. , alignments between clinical concepts which determines to which extent the search functionality can be improved. Although our preliminary results address the sensibility of the measures  , a detailed investigation using several document corpora is still needed to reflect different topics and sizes. So we can proceed from the assumption that visualizing search results taking semantic information into account has a positive effect on the efficiency when assessing search result relevance. The comparison of means also indicates that users performed significantly faster with the visualization approach compared to the list presentation. Semantic information for music can be obtained from a variety of sources 32. Then  , when a user enters a text-based query  , we can extract tags from the query  , rank-order the songs using the relevance scores for those tags  , and return a list of the top scoring i.e. , most relevant songs e.g. , see Table 1. The major shortcoming of treating a web page as a single semantic unit is that it does not consider multiple topics in a page. On the other hand  , a highly relevant region in a web page may be obscured because of low overall relevance of that page. We categorize links suggested by our system into four categories: C1  , correct links; C2  , missing interlayer concept; C3  , one-step errors  , suggest two sibling concepts or reverse the relation; C4  , incorrect relation. The score is treated as a distance metric defined on the manifold   , which is more meaningful to capturing the semantic relevance degree. By taking the underlying structure into account  , manifold ranking assigns each data point a relative ranking score  , instead of an absolute pairwise similarity as traditional ways. Their model favors documents most different in sentiment direction and in the arguments they discuss. The learned function f maps each text-image pair to a ranking score based on their semantic relevance. Unlike the uni-modal data ranking  , cross-modal ranking attempts to learn a similarity function f q  , d between a text query q and an image d according to a pre-defined ranking loss. The task is to estimate the relevance of the image and the query for each test query-image pair  , and then for each query  , we order the images based on the prediction scores returned by our trained ranking model. Specifically  , we use Clickture as " labeled " data for semantic queries and train the ranking model. In this paper  , we proposed a topic segmentation method which allows us to extract semantic blocks from Web pages using visual criteria and content presentation HTML tags. Our topic segmentation method allows to better estimate the relevance compared to the request Moreover  , we need an approach that can be generalized to represent the queries and documents that have never been observed in the search logs. 1 Thus  , how to represent both queries and documents in the same semantic space and explore their relevance based on the click logs  , remains a challenge. Near-duplicate detection is different from other Information Retrieval IR tasks in how it defines what it means for two documents to be " similar " . The third contribution is analyzing the progression of intention through time. Specifically we utilize the so-called " supervised semantic indexing " SSI approach 9. This model belongs to the " learning to rank " category 8 which learns the preference or relevance function by assigning a real valued score to a feature vector describing a query  , object pair. In this case  , the correspondence between a tree and the query is 4-valued  " t "   , " p "   , " pft  , " f. However  , semantic similarity neither implies nor is implied by structural similarity. The existing test-driven reuse approaches make signature matching a necessary condition to the relevance and matching criteria: a component is considered only if it offers operations with sufficiently similar signatures to the test conditions specified in the original test case. The subject is then required to give the relevance judgements on the results returned for the best query he/she chooses for the simple combination method. Because we use our model to simulate the simple combination method  , the queries for simple combination method are actually also sent to the semantic search service we developed to get the results. Web mash-ups have explored the potential for combining information from multiple sources on the web. Since Atomate uses a rule based system at its core  , emerging Semantic Web work pertaining to rule languages such as SWRL and RuleML  , and efficient chainers for these languages are currently of great relevance and interest to us well. In that case  , the complexity of the problem can be analyzed along the number of semantic paths retrieved Similar heuristics to those discussed in the first approach that use context to prune paths based on degree of relevance can also be used here. This approach has the advantage of not requiring any hand-coding but has the disadvantage of being very sensitive to the representational choices made by the source on the Semantic Web. As Rapoport 1953 put it  , it is about technical problems that can be treated independently of the semantic content of messages 25. It is not clear that NLP-based passage trimming offers better potential than simple synonym term based trimming. Second problem is that the model is more aggressive towards relevance due to the bias in the training dataset extracted from Mechanical Turk 80% Relevant class and 20% Non- Relevant. Indeed  , while the contribution of stop-words  , such as determiners and modals  , can be largely ignored  , unmatched named entities are strong indicators of semantic differences between the query and the document. As suggested by early probabilistic models we argue that analyzing directly unmatched terms may provide additional cues to the relevance of a candidate document to the query. The basic assumption of a cognitive basis for a semantic distance effect over thesaurus terms has been investigated by Brooks 8  , in a series of experiments exploring the relevance relationships between bibliographic records and topical subject descriptors. There is some evidence that RTs can be useful in retrieval situations. In the Chevy Tahoe example above  , the classifier would establish that the page is about cars/automotive and only those ads will be considered. In addition to increased click through rate CTR due to increased relevance  , a significant but harder to quantify benefit of the semantic-syntactic matching is that the resulting page has a unified feel and improves the user experience. In the end  , 30 identifiers 9.6% reached the ultimate goal and were identified as a semantic concept on Wikidata. For the strict relevance criterion  , the recall improved by 18% 0.048 to 33.2% 103 exactly correct definitions   , and the precision declined only slightly with 420 false positives to 19.7% F1 24.7%. The necessary probability values for sim Resnik and sim Lin have been calculated based on SAWSDL-TC  , i.e. , we counted the appearances of semantic concepts in the service collection and derived the probabilities from this observation. In the example at hand  , k=42 since every query and corresponding relevance set from SAWSDL-TC serves as a partition from the service set. To improve performance   , we automatically thin out our disambiguation graph by removing 25 % of those edges  , whose source and target entities have the lowest semantic similarity. Afterwards  , the entity candidate e i j of a surface form candidate set V i that provides the highest relevance score is our entity result for surface form m i . For example the word Bataclan  , referring to the Bataclan Theatre in Paris is commonly related to Entertainment  , however during the November 2015 terrorist attacks in France it became relevant to the Topic Violence. The objective is to identify features that are correlated with or predictive of the class label. From each mention  , a set of semantic terms is extracted  , and the number of mentions a term derives from can be used to quantify its relevance for a document. These terms can be obtained using KE techniques that identify mentions i.e. , snippets of text denoting entities  , events and relations. We define semantic relevance of a pictogram to be the measure of relevancy between a word query and interpretation words of a pictogram. The higher the ratio of a specific interpretation word of a pictogram  , the more that pictogram is accepted by people for that interpretation. Intuitively  , we can simply use cosine similarity to calculate the distance between W l and Ws. Next  , for each theme location l  , we determine the semantic relevance SemRel between l and a candidate snippet s by comparing the " word similarity " between W l and the set of words in s  , denoted as Ws. Our approach to structured retrieval for QA works by encoding this linguistic and semantic content as annotations on text  , and by using a retrieval model that directly supports constraint-checking and ranking with respect to document structure and annotations in addition to keywords. This paper presents an approach to retrieval for Question Answering that directly supports indexing and retrieval on the kind of linguistic and semantic constraints that a QA system needs to determine relevance of a retrieved document to a particular natural language input question. In this section we propose a method to make use of this information by encoding it into a feature weighting strategy that can be used to weight features in a tweet collection to address a topic classification task. Representing the feature space of a topic with the proposed framework in the polar coordinate system enhances the standard Euclidean vector space representation in two main aspects: 1 by providing a strength of the relative semantic relevance of a feature to a topic; 2 by augmenting the possible orientations of such relevance to the topic. Based on the axioms and corollaries above  , given a news web page  , we can first detect all its TLBIOs  , merge them to derive possible news areas  , and then verify each TLBIO based on their position  , format  , and semantic relevance to the news areas to detect all the news TLBIOs. Generally speaking  , vertical gap in between two vertically consecutive TLBIOs inside a news area is smaller than that in between a news area and its vertically adjacent non-news area. In case neither approach detects the Web answer in the corpus  , we simply browse through the paragraphs returned by the Indri IR system in the order of their relevance and select the first hit as the supporting document. We assume that the answer patterns in our pattern matching approach express the desired semantic relationship between the question and the answer and thus a document that matches one of the patterns is likely to be supportive . By choosing the structured retrieval approach instead of bag-of-words  , a QA system can improve recall of relevant sentences  , which can translate to improved end-to-end QA system accuracy and efficiency. In the " cooking recipe " case  , the performances cannot be improved even using page content  , since all the considered sites are effectively on the topic " cooking recipes "   , and then there is a semantic reason because such sites are connected . In 10 the content of pages is considered in order to propagate relevance scores only over the subset of links pointing to pages on a specific topic. Although Codd advised the community to include an accurate paraphraseand-verify step 4  , it seems that developed systems seldom take this requirement seriously and instead simply translate the user's query to SQL  , applied it and then presented the answers  , perhaps along with the SQL. We remove proper nouns because we observed that if a particular proper noun occurs in a news article and a reader comment frequently  , then the cosine similarity score will be high  , but the actual content of the comment and the news article might not be similar. The system estimates the semantic relevance between a comment and a news article by measuring the cosine similarity between the original news article and reader comment  , after all proper nouns have been removed from both. We would extract those facts as a whole  , noting that they might appear more than once in the abstract  , and then take both fact and term frequency into consideration when ranking the abstracts for relevance. In order to implement this principle  , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them  , as specified in the query topic. For simplicity  , we only discuss CLIR modeling in this section. This simplification is the standard practice in IR modeling  , as in the ubiquitous unigram language model e.g. , 35  , 3  , 23  , relevance models e.g. , 18  , 17 or topic model based retrieval models e.g. , 44  , 45  , 12; 2 We rely on the intuitions behind semantic composition models from the literature on distributional compositional semantics e.g. , 4  , 27. Updating the taxonomy with new nodes or even new vocabulary each time a new model comes to the market is prohibitively expensive when we are dealing with millions of manufacturers. The question of how the relationship between the symbol and the referent is to be established has been identified in Artificial Intelligence Research as the " Symbol Grounding Problem " . To capture how likely item t is to be an instance of a semantic class  , we use features extracted from candidate lists. To capture the relevance of item t to the query  , we use some TF/IDF-based features extracted from the top k search results  , D. For example  , snippetDF is the number of snippets in top k search results that contain item t. snippetDF and other frequency-based features are normalized using logf requency + 1. Because the Shout Out dynamic calls for a back-and-forth dialog between the news-reading and comment-reading anchors  , the system needs to associate each comment with the paragraph to which it is most relevant. In particular  , the CLOnE 5 and ACE Attempto Controlled English 4 work introducing controlled language languages CNL  , and related GINO 2 and GINSENG interfaces for guided input interfaces for CNLs were the basis of Atomate UI's design. Second  , the L p -norm distance form of the above model reflects the coverage of keywords  , and p ≥ 1 controls the strength of ANDsemantics among keywords. Based on the above mentioned three factors  , the relevance score of resource a for keywords K is computed by First  , N Ra  , ki is the normalized Ra  , ki in the range 0  , 1  , which reflects the the number of meaningful semantic path instances. A vector model solely based on word similarities will fail to find the high relevance between the above two context vectors  , while our context distance model does capture such relatedness. The program correctly identified the semantic closeness between the following two context vectors the two context vectors have a distance of 0.03012 – the relative large value means they are close: Note that the two contexts have only one overlapping words. For example  , the word " right " spatial concept in "right arm" would be assigned a very low weight  , as the main focus of the concept would be the arm and not which side the arm is in. Defining representative content has to focus on the technical side of the objects and cover the difference in structural expression of the content  , not the variety of the semantic content that the objects represent such as different motives shown in digital photographs. asp ?DefinitionKey=987 the contained embedded objects will be of interest  , as will be the variety of fonts referenced and the question whether some documents contain a change history and whether this history is considered of any relevance. Besides using statistical features such as term frequency  , proximity and relative position to the question key words  , our methods also include syntactic information derived through parsing  , and semantic features like word senses  , POS tagging and keyword expansion etc. There is a wide  , possibly infinite range of text features that can be designed to estimate the relevance of a candidate answer for the purpose of answer ranking. The main challenge for diversifying the results of keyword queries over RDF graphs  , is how to take into consideration the semantics and the structured nature of RDF when defining the relevance of the results to the query and the dissimilarity among results. This objective is not restrained to textual similarity only  , but takes also into account the semantic similarity of classes and properties inferred by the schema. As an alternative or auxiliary to directly aligning between standards and curricular resources on the one hand  , and trying to infer relevance from the structural and semantic similarity of standards across standard sets on the other  , the feasibility of standard crosswalking – that is  , inferring alignment in one set of standards based on alignments in another – has been explored; e.g. , 7 and 11. They do not  , however  , further pursue this aspect. 5 Hyponymy is the semantic relation in which the extension of a word is subsumed in the extension of another word e.g. Guidance was provided to modify the SMM in order to allow for a broader interpretation of relevance 4 RFP 103— " All documents which describe  , refer to  , report on  , or mention any " in-store "   , " on-counter "   , " point of sale "   , or other retail marketing campaign for cigarettes. " A guiding principle for us was that relevance of a topic should not be just based on individual terms or keywords  , such as genes or diseases  , but rather it should take into account the subject of the whole document. At the core  , most of these approaches can be viewed as computing a similarity score Sima ,p between a vector of features characterizing the ad a and a vector of features characterizing the page p. For the ad a such features could include the bid phrase  , the title words usually displayed in a bold font in the presentation  , synonyms of these words  , the displayed abstract  , the target URL  , the target web site  , the semantic category  , etc. The majority of the approaches proposed so far for estimating the relevance of a given ad to a given content  , and thus indirectly CTR  , are based on the co-occurrence of words or phrases within ads and pages 13  , 16  , 20 or on a combination of semantic and syntactic factors 4. However   , when compared to query centric retrieval  , this makes for a substantial difference at retrieval time: while query centric retrieval requires a relevance judgment for all types of images in the relevant class from a single example  , database centric retrieval only requires a similarity judgment for one image the query from the probability distribution of the entire class. In terms of implementation   , the only difference with respect to non-semantic retrieval is that one probability distribution is estimated per concept using all the images that contain the concept rather than per image. In the early days of the Web the lack of navigation plainness was considered as the navigation problem: users can get lost in a hyperspace and this means that  , when users follow a sequence of links  , they tend to become disoriented in terms of the goal of their original query and in terms of the relevance to their query of the information they are currently browsing 3. We believe that addressing the navigation problem in a hyper-environment is challenging but feasible  , because semantic annotations provide machines with the ability to access what readers normally consider shared contextual information together with the information which is hidden in the resource. It is probable  , however  , that this problem cannot be solved without performing time-consuming experimental rese~irch aimed at defining the influence on the size of retrieval system atoms of the variation of frequency of occurrence of index terms  , of the co-occurrence of index terms  , of the variation of the frequency of co-occurrence of index terms  , of the existence of semantic relations  , etc. Thus  , the problem to be solved is the development of a methodology which will allow us to order the document clusters according to the number of documents with formal relevance equal to unity which they contain. The latter three variables were based on the topic classifications defined in the ImageCLEF 2007 4  , 5 and allow us to investigate how the Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Users are also likely to want support for data types and 'semantic relativism': the former would  , for example  , enable searches for documents where //publicationDate is later than August 17  , 1982; the latter would allow markup as diverse as <doc publicationDate='October 27  , 1983'>.. and <publicationDate>October 27  , 1983</publicationDate> to match such a query. As Fuhr and Großjohann 6  note  , however  , such functionality requires operators for relevance-weighted search in place of boolean ones  , as well as DTD-specific information on what constitutes the relevant fragment of markup containing each search hit identified above with #. While other ontology-based IR approaches typically builds only on terminological knowledge e.g. , classes  , subclasses  , to the best of our knowledge our work is the first in exploiting such a variety of automatically extracted semantic content i.e. , entities  , types  , frames  , temporal information for IR. Similarly  , we can exploit the entities and the temporal content to better weigh the different relevance of documents mentioning dbpedia:Carl Friedrich Gauss and dbpedia:GAUSS software  , as well as to differently rank documents about Middle Age and 17th/18th centuries astronomers. An alternative strategy to cope with the problem is the approach based on statistical translation 2: A query term can be a translation of any word in a document which may be different from  , but semantically related to the query term; and the relevance of a document given a query is assumed proportional to the translation probability from the document to the query. Thus  , a query and a document  , represented as vectors in the lower-dimensional semantic space  , can still have a high similarity even if they do not share any term. While some projects have attempted to derive the semantic relevance of discrete search results  , at least sufficiently to be able to group them into derived categories after the fact 27  , the unstructured nature of the Web makes exploring relationships among pages  , or the information components within pages  , difficult to determine. Search results which produce pages of links create an implicit association among the pages  , insofar as the returned pages contain the words given  , but such an association can be distinct from a person's context informing the choice of those terms. In step 1  , we identify concept labels that are semantically similar by using a similarity measure based on the frequency of term co-occurence in a large corpus the web combined with a semantic distance based on WordNet without relying on string matching techniques 10. We base our recommendation procedure on this hypothesis and propose an approach in two steps: 1 for every D S   , we identify a cluster 2 of datasets that share schema concepts with D S and 2 we rank the datasets in each cluster with respect to their relevance to D S . In routing  , the system uses a query and a list of documents that have been identified as relevant or not relevant to construct a classification rule that ranks unlabeled documents according to their likelihood of relevance. We will expermission to make digitah~rd copies of ;L1l or patl of this motcriid without fee is granted provicicd hot the copies orc not Inaie or distributed for profit or commcrci:d mlv:mt:lgc  , lhu ACM c{pyright/ server notice. , the title of tlw puhlic:ltioo aod its d:llc :Iplc:ir  , :md notice is given th~t copyright c; h!y permission of Iw Associ:lti{~n I'or amine two different forms of dimensionality reduction  , Latent Semantic Indexing IS and optimal term selection  , in order to investigate which form of dimensionafity reduction is most effective for the routing problem. Results indicate  , not surprisingly perhaps  , that standard crosswalking can be successful if different standard-issuing agencies base their standard writing on a common source and/or a Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. A structurally recursive query involves one or more recursive functions and function calls to them. Mapping. The recursive member function was tested in P and the specifi- cation of the recursive member fumction remains unchanged. Consider the case in which a recursive member function accesses the same data as a new attribute. In the case of a recursive navigation   , it is mapped to an expression that consists of a function call to the built-in recursive function descendant-or-self and a projection. Recursive data structures and recursive function calls are inherently handled. The latter results in the visualization of the SSG. Instead  , our approach maps a recursive navigation into a function call to a structurally recursive function by means of the translation method presented in 3 for a regular path expression. The XQuery core's approach to support recursive navigation is based on the built-in descendant-or-self function and the internal typing function recfactor as we have already seen in Section 2. We use fixed-point iteration to solve this mutually recursive equation . We show a mutually recursive relationship between bias and unbiased rating  , i.e. , we write bias as a function of unbiased rating and unbiased rating as a function of bias. Otherwise  , the function returns the sum of number of insertions for each recursive node. If the path has no recursive nodes  , the function simply returns the cardinality of the path. Recursive navigation. The basic idea is to utilize the recursive function call mechanism of the C language. We followed a third approach to recursive queries in designing Jasmine/C. Dissallowing any function symbols such a recursive Horn clause will have the form This means that we have a single recursive Horn clause and the recursive predicate appears in the antecedent only once. they are equivalent. In fact  , the iterative and recursive programs do compute the same function; i.e. For example  , we can think of a query //title as a nondeterministic finite automaton depicted in Figure 8  , and define two structurally recursive functions from the automaton. This effect is similar to that of the XQuery core's relating projection to iteration . Furthermore  , if a structurally recursive query is applied to non-recursive XML data  , the structural function inlining transforms a recursive function call into a finitely nested iterations sensitive to their local types. This approach provides a more precise result type  , and the resulting expression does not require useless evaluation with respect to the type information. In order to identify what function class we focus our consideration on  , we adopt the syntactic restrictions of the state-of-the-art work on structural recursion 3  , which define the common form of structurally recursive function. Structurally recursive functions are a kind of the function classes to which we can apply the structural function inlining. The standard way of deriving the semantics of a recursive function is to compute the least fixed point of its generating function. Consider the following piece of code: The advantage of this approach is that new notation for writing recursive queries is unnecessary; C programmers can write recursive queries the same way they write recursive functions. , which implies the theorem immediately. where the function X is implemented witli recursive least squares. Furtlierinore  , we may assiinie that the adjacent frequency bins H , For example: Since the additional recursive functions are anonymous  , they cannot possibly be invoked anywhere else. In the original model  , the occurrence of the loop can then be replaced by a simple call to this recursive function instead . In this regard  , our structural function inlining is a novel technique for typing recursive XML queries. However  , the XQuery core cannot properly type recursive XML queries 2  , 10  , 11. In contrast   , the structural function inlining optimizes recursive functions to avoid useless evaluation over irrelevant fragments of data. Moreover  , they consider nonrecursive functions only  , and even the XQuery core cannot optimize recursive functions 2  , 10  , 11 . The SSG may contain cycles  , hence it is not necessary to introduce k-limiting techniques to represent self-referential data structures. Because of such functions  , the type of a structurally recursive query tends to be typed imprecisely. The return type of a polymorphic recursive function that accepts any XML data is usually declared as xs:AnyType 10. For each of the three representative types of the structurally recursive query  , we present the current approach of the XQuery core  , new approaches that exploit the structural function inlining  , and some discus- sion. The first Horn clause is recursive in the sense that the relation ancestor appears on both the qualification and the consequent of it. Dissallowing any function symbols such a recursive Horn clause will have the form A comment with each of the public attributes indicates its t~  , all other inherited attributes are recursive. Thus  , specification-based and program-based test cases need not be rerun. The method basically provides a recursive framework to construct a Lyapunov function and corresponding control action for the system stabilization. This special form allows the use of the recursive backstepping procedure for the controller design 15. The recursive evaluation to determine this value is: Figure 3shows the recursive cost function. The cost of the path from the reference host  , ~  , to node ~ along a particular path  , Pk  , is represented by f~oPk. On the other hand  , a recursive navigation is typed differently by an ad hoc approach 11 that uses an internal typing function recfactor. It typically starts by translating the function body as if the inner call does nothing. However  , we have observed that some function classes in XQuery would be inlined more systematically under the guidance of type information. In other words  , we have shown that the iterative program computes an extension of the function computed by our recursive program  , rather that the exact same function. It is still conceivable  , however  , that the iterative program may terminate and return some value even though the recursive program does not. In this section  , we describe how to apply the structural function inlining to structurally recursive queries in XQuery. The mapped functions embed as much type information as possible into their function bodies from the given query. A brief overview of our approach is as follows: Given a structurally recursive query  , it is mapped to structurally recursive functions and function calls to them. The query pruning 14 similarly optimizes regular path expressions  , but it is inapplicable to arbitrary recursive functions containing operations interleaved arbitrarily with navigation since such recursive functions are not transformed to finite automata. Mutually recursive functions can be handled easily  , since we can always transform a set of mutually recursive functions into a single recursive function with an additional " selection " parameter. Programmers can now incorporate the " loop " predicate in the assertions to check for the possibility or inevitability of infinite loops. In the above argument we established that the iterative program will terminate whenever the original recursive program does and that the two programs will then return the same value. For example  , //title is mapped intermediately to descendant-or-self$roots/title. How can we generate efficient code for a query like the one shown in Figure 1  , in view of the user-defined recursive function it involves. 3. The recursive function definitions of universal and existential quantification are given in section 5. We have proven theorems stating both types of relationships  , including the example above. Interestingly  , the structurally recursive function is applied frequently to nonrecursive XML data. The stopping point of the recursion is the second rule for an empty sequence type. The user need not know how to define hierarchies in order to &fine recursive functions. Dowtmard and upward recursions cannot bs in the same function definition. The recursive method SPLIT introduced in Fig. The function COMPUTE ENTROPY evaluates the entropy associated with the histogram of the pixels in the node's area. The client computes h root using a recursive function starting from the root node. Let R be the set of points in the query result. The empty stack is represented by the function with no input arguments NEWSTACK. One aid is to intepret the axioms as defining a set of recursive functions. Two types of strategies have been proposed to handle recusive queries. We assume that the rules may include recursive predicates referencing unary  , finite and inversible function symbols. Set NEXTcompriijes all functions In order to develop such supervisors we will construct a recursive function supervisor parameterized by functions next E NEXT. If the kth link is moved  , BACK checks from the most distal Figure 5TheBACKfimction This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. If an interrupt restoring function is encountered  , we simply restore the state to X. In case of a cycle i.e. , recursive function calls  , we follow the cycle until the annotations stabilize. To get rid of them  , we inline the corresponding function body in place of each function call. The main obstacle in typing and optimizing a structurally recursive query is the functions involved in the query. Second  , reference expressions in user-defined functions might involve local variables  , which are meaningless outside the function context. First  , we cannot always expand function calls by inline code due to the existence of recursive functions. Recognizing a variable on a tree is done through a recursive function traverse shown in Fig. The resulting trees are stored in newSet. We call this way of counting words " soft-counting " because all the possible words are counted. For +&mple  , tze recursive function for Sjeft is The transfer function frequency bins may further be smoothened through a recursive least square technique. The first mode of the beam was estimated in real-time utilizing the Empirical Transfer Function Estimator ETFE 17. We refer to this kind of function inlining as structural function inlining. While function inlining has been used in the programming language community  , our function inlining differs significantly in that it inlines a structurally  recursive function with the guidance of type information. Thus  , the specification-based and program-based test suites for A are not rerun. A RECURSIVE or VIRTUAL-RECURSIVE member function attribute A requires very limited retesting since it was previously individually tested in P and the specification and implementation remain unchanged. The guiding principle is making good use of type information available in both a query and its environment 11 in which it is evaluated. A new data attribute is tested during integration testing when it is integrated into GR by testing A with member functions with which it interacts. Both methods share the problem of too much generality since the pro- grammer can write anything into the loop or the function body; this severely limits query optimization. Similar effects can also be achieved using recursive functions to generate recursive relations or to test membership recursively. Due to the recursive nature of the approach  , such a procedure would have to be applied for any object at any recursive level. When the action to be taken is considered the first step of a longer sequence  , computing the utility function may involve motion planning  , or even game-tree search  , if reactions of other objects are taken into account. We have presented how the technique works  , how to cope with technical obstacles such as the infinite inlining  , and how to apply the technique to structurally recursive queries. Our major contributions are a new technique referred to as the structural function inlining and a new approach to the problem of typing and optimizing structurally recursive queries. That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results. The above recursive equation hierarchically performs temporal segmentation of the time series i.e. , our onset signatures into multiple parts  , and obtains a histogram of time series gradients corresponding to each of them. Since the function getBib is nonrecursive   , we introduce another function: define function s1xs:AnyType $a returns xs:AnyType { for $n in $a return typeswitch $n as $x case element titlexs:AnyType return $x  , s1children$x case  return  default return s1children$x } Thus  , the operations of the domain abstract data types can be mixed freely with tuple operations in expressions and recursive function definitions. The tuple operations include maps to tuple projection and from tuple construction domain objects. The structural function inlining exploits the property that the structural parameter's type changes for each recursive call according to the syntactic restrictions. Let the structural parameter be a parameter of any sequence type which is used for structural recursion. We address the above three challenges in the rest of this paper. However  , this may not provide useful type information when the return type is  , for instance  , xs:AnyType. Consider the expression descendant-or-self$roots/title mapped from //title. The example exhibits the use of recursive relationships assemblies and their component parts  , weak entities vendor locations  , and potentially null flelds structure description  , vendor status. Attributes are circled  , and edges are marked with their function types. function for pseudo-elements; in practice it might be more advantageous to implement it iteratively as a special case. Note that 2.3 is a recursive call for a NE ?J ? The method to construct the functional equation is general enough to deal with recursive rules  , function symbols and non-binary predicates. It is an efficient method to compute the grandfather of a set of persons. Therefore the semantic operation apply -and thus also vwly -is a partial recursive function in every minimally defined model of Q LFINSET. DB-L is weakly sufficiently complete. The protocol tries to construct the quorum by selecting the root co. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. GEOKOBJ has several predefined functions e.g. A recursive function POSITION generalizing the OFFSET example is defined to give the 3- dimensional offset and orientation of the PART relative to the beginning of a hierarchy. The signature can be extended using function symbols  , to yield the full power of Prolog specifications. These clauses are well-defined provided the negation operator is not used in front of recursive predicates. Thus  , operators on such large-grain data structures imply some kind of extended control structure such as a loop  , a sequence of statements  , a recursive function  , or other. with respect to some conventional programming language. If the modeled concept is a generic concept such as ComponentType in Fig. The recursive function generates the equivalent of o using one of the four following behaviors depending on the kind of concept the meta-class of o models. We also use the following recursive function to construct the unit type for a variable x based on its C type τ when no appropriate annotations for x are provided: The unit environment is constructed during constraint generation. For example  , they cannot handle recursive function definitions or loops whose termination depends on data structure invariants. All of these approaches fail for programs that include looping behaviors that do not fit their limited scope. If a call graph contains no cycles  , it is guaranteed that all functions in the call graph will be annotated. ==>for$nin$sec0return typeswitch $nas$x caseSectionreturns1'children$x defaultreturn In this case  , as the second approach  , we should define a more generic structurally recursive function. However  , we cannot use the first approach when the argument is any expression other than the path expression . This meaning may just be nontermination for some arguments e.g. if f is recursively defined   , the meaning of f is given by the least fixed point of the higher-order and non-recursive function Af.e see Sch86 . We cannot expect the same transformation method to work here for several reasons. This equivalent is added to the output meta-model instance. We now give examples of derivable relational concepts such as relational algebra and integrity constraints. All other relational notions are defined in terms of these primitives and recursive function composition. The function of this stack is to support method assertions in recursive calls. These results are stored in a method stack along the result of old expressions lines 8 and 9  , Figure 1. The postcondition assertion method pops the stack and  , based on the recorded outcome of the precondition  , it evaluates the appropriate postcondition. Using auxiliary tree T   , recursive function sort csets is invoked to sort the component sets. Note that non-leaf node of T is numbered according to its order of merging. As to optimizing functions  , most of existing optimization techniques 6  , 7 treat functions simply as externally defined black boxes accompanying some semantic information. The original case rules are specialized for each possible type  , and the resulting case rules introduce two new recursive function calls 3 and 5. Box 2 in Figure 4shows the result of the horizontal optimization. Unfortunately  , the correct recursive function to induct upon is obscured by the many irrelevant terms in the hypothesis. At this point in the proof the theorem prover needs to do a proof by induction. A  , q as the retrieval status value of annotation A without taking any context into account calculated  , e.g. , by applying full-text retrieval methods  , so 1 is a recursive function. For X being a counterargument  , it should be A modified version of GJK  , RGJK  , which exploits the recursive evaluation is stated in Section 3. Section 2 introduces the adjacency structure and describes how it is used to recursively evaluate the support function. This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. Therefore  , each link will be moved back with the angular displacement corresponding to its location with respect to the other links. The handlers are executed  , like functions  , in a recursive descent manner. Each type in the schema has a handler  , analogous to a function  , which is composed of the basic instructions . Any remaining cycles in the request graph suggest that a possibly mutually-recursive function is making server requests. The other is that Repeatable also handles loops that arise from user interaction with the dom. In the presence of children  , the predicate consists of the recursive concatenation using boolean or of the predicates of the children. For the predicate function Pred  , a step with no children simply returns itself. It is the latter capability that allows us to define aggregate functions simply. The stack described above serves the back u_~ and output functions served by 0UTLIST. This is not surprising  , for the implicit stack offered by the recursive control domain only serves the forward control function of ROOTSTACK in the iterative parser. Although the tree notation is well suited for the transformational purposes  , its recursive nature does not guarantee an efficient execution. We show how the transformation intertwines both functions yielding a program which computes the aggregate function while sorting. It is a recursive function that generates the set OptAns of all answers candidate to be optimum by combining the paths in a connected component cc. the answer we are generating is still optimum  , thus  , it preserves the monotonicity. By throwing away all terms except the following: The correct induction can be chosen. We have addressed this problem in this paper. Its application at line 2 automatically generates two sub-goals. In the above proof since the function superCon is recursive  , we need to perform the induction on the variable k. The PVS command induct invokes an inductive proof. This strategy builds up sets " naively " for " interesting " arguments of the function. At present we thercforc USC a boltom-up evaluation strategy for recursive and mutually-rccursivc set-valued functions. This is accomplished with the following recursive function. We then label every DOM node to be either an insignificant  , inline or line-break node  , based on its tag and position information. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. In Figure 3  , we present a protocol for constructing a valid read quorum. This mapping is generic in that we can map any other recursive navigation query in the same way. The function call s1$roots produces the expected results a sequence of title elements. In addition  , recursive functions may also be analyzed multiple times. A function's effects depend on the effects of its callees as well its overriding functions   , potentially causing a function to be analyzed several times. If a component can be instantiated in an empty context at the root of an application  , the recursive function is used to generate its equivalent in B. The execute-imm function computes the partial fixpoint of a database instance using some immediate rules. The way rules are activated with respect to the events of a transaction is described by a recursive function evaluate  , which takes as parameters a stream of events and a database state. To handle inter-procedural dependences including recursive functions/procedures  , we have introduced auxiliary types of nodes in a PDG. By doing so  , we do not need to find out all function/procedure calls in the program  , but we simply modify the entry part of each function/procedure slightly. Consequently the derivation starts with the translation of the associated fragment by evaluating the following function: The recursive rule rcr , ,.ure is achieved by: RULfhceurriva Closure  , e  , Ccrorurc  , immediate ,@ where Cclo ,urc is the conditions extracted from the function between " Floor-Request " and " Closure " . In our example  , the only entry of the graph is " Floor- Request " . The actions of the rule consist in the closure method call and its own reactivation. The recursive form of the new function immediately leads to an iterative program form. During horizontal transformation sum_byBA and mergeA are combined by operator L. To translate their combination into an iterative program during vertical transformation  , we generate the new function sum-mergeB ,A which performs merging and aggregation si- multaneously. The recursion should terminate when the output of the TRANSFORMER function is identical to its input. Finally  , although probably not sensible in the incremental setting  , an iterate-until-stable style optimizer can be specified by simply introducing a recursive call to TRANSFORMER from within the Figure 4: A Parallelizing Tool FORMER function itself. To do this  , ACL2 attempts to guess a well-founded measure for the function and to prove that it decreases with each recursive call. Termination plays a key role in ACL2  , as every defined function using the definitional principle must be shown to terminate before ACL2 will admit it. The first function in Figure 1is a recursive function cost::Part-+Num which computes the cost of any part : if x is a base part its cost is obtained from the base selector  , otherwise ils cost is obtained by recursively summing the costs of its immediate sub-parts. . The following section shows that the standard transitive closure is one important example of a recursive query for which the running time of a sample is indeed a function of the sample size. 0 Identifying classes of recursions for which the time to compute a sample is a function of the sample size is an interesting open question. Through utilizing such ranking function  , the recursive feature elimination procedure on the feature set provides more insights into the importance of each feature to the total revenue. Instead of trying to achieve a simple two-step procedure  , the novel ranking function  , revenue direct-optimization  , aims to directly maximize the approximate empirical revenue. A feature ranking list is then generated according to its contribution in training the optimal ranking function. GEOY_CBJPART is an entity-valued function that stores the PART's shape  , and also the position and location relative to each superpart. Tries to prove the current formula with automatic induction. First  , introduce a recursive function definition for exponentiation: function EXP X  , Y: INT = pre INT'GE Y  , 0 measure ORDINAL'VAL Y begin if Y = 0 then 1 else TIMES X  , EXP X  , HIBUS Y  , I end if end EXP; Notice that we are chasing to simplify the Icft-most  , outermost redex at each step above -this computation rule is known as rwrmuf-order reduction and it corresponds to the lazy evaluurion of function arguments. Operationally then  , Y has the affect of producing a new copy of Y H the " meaning " of the factorial function upon each recursive call. Many papers including 3  , 10  , 13  suggest such restriction for structural recursion . Therefore  , the recursive method for the stabilization of-the sys­ tem 1 can be given based on either the Krasovskii functional or the Razumikhin function. Simultaneously  , the Razumikhin function is also used to prove the stability of the time-delay systems due to the com­ plicated construction of the functional . Another major difference between BFRJ and the depth-first approach is that BFRJ never traverses upwards in an R-tree while the depth-first approach traverses upwards as part of function returns of the recursive routines. This is because the order by which each node-pair is to be joined is determined by the recursive depth-first sequence that consequently makes it difficult to globally modify any ordering of traversal. performs a global translation  , rather than a recursive one as in the previous cases  , in which case the Decendents function returns the empty set. when a nested tuple is mapped to a flat one and the translation takes the leaf attributes of the nested input tuple and glues them together to form a flat tuple3; and global rules where the translation function handles the whole subtree rooted at the vertex i.e. For instance  , the following function from 28  performs a recursive access on the class hierarchy in order to figure out whether an entity is an instance of a given class. As a result  , XQuery can then be used to access the data structure part of the RDF document  , while using entailment to access its semantics. The mapping is defined as follows: Using the mappings from Section 4.3  , we can now follow the approach of 4 and define a recursive mapping function T which takes a DL axiom of the form C D  , where C is an L b -class and D is an L h -class  , and maps it into an LP rule of the form A ← B. The theorem contains the condition thai the recursive function F be defined on a  , that the computation of Fa will terminate this condition is necessary for  , otherwise  , the iterative program will never terminate  , and therefore control will never reach finish at all. if sometime x = a at start and Fa is defined then sometime z = Fa at-finish. It is then straightforward to show that the behavior of the model is preserved after replacing each loop by a call to its corresponding anonymous recursive function. Therefore  , their introduction does not alter the set of execution traces specified by the model. For the rest of the discussion  , we will assume that the ISSUBSUMED boolean operator can be implemented by re-writing to the SQL/XML XMLExists function. Another possibly less efficient implementation is to use a recursive SQL statement as alluded to in Das et al 4. A dynamically changed DOM state does not register itself with the browser history engine automatically  , so triggering the 'Back' function of the browser is usually insufficient . Upon completion of the recursive call  , the browser should be put back into the previous state. During this traversal  , each non-terminal and terminal node is analyzed  , making use of parse tree annotations and other functions and lexical resources that provide " semantic " interpretations of syntactic properties and lexical information. After each sentence is identified and parsed  , its parse tree is traversed in a depth-first recursive function. Converting dynamic errors to empty sequences yields correct results as in predicates without negations. From the language perspective  , although many built-in functions are available  , features such as the remaining XQuery language constructs  , remaining XPath axes  , userdefined function library  , user-defined recursive functions  , and many built-in functions and operators can be done in the future. Recursive data base queries expressed in datalog function-free Horn clause programs are most conveniently evaluated using the bottom-up or forward chaining evaluation method see  , e.g. , l  , 2  , 5  , 141. We assume the reader is familiar with the basic notions pertaining to datalog programs 4  , 14. For each object of the DO plane  , an emanating relation arrow implies that in the methods section of the source object  , there is a function that generates the destination object. The definition of an ice-region is recursive through the relation composed-of  , because any ice region may contain other ice regions. Thus  , although all the elements of the set arc eventually discovered  , the top-down evaluation of a sctvalued function may fail to terminate c-f. the difficulties in detecting termination when logic rules arc evaluated top-down. Assuming the reader to be familiar with recursion in deductive databases Gallaire84  , Bancilhon86  , Ullman86  , we address the problem of evaluating queries referencing rule defined relations. Approaches Back-tracking provides a simple recursive method of generating all possible solution vectors. A boundary unction is any function F on the set of nodes in the tree having the following properties: 1 if X is a feasible complete solution  , then This could result in an infinite loop which would indicate that a link has become jammed. Because of the recursive feature of the BACK function the is checked for the second obstacle and moved in the opposite direction to the first movement  , returning the link to the original position. By creating a separate relation for every spec field  , Squander solves all these problems: whatever abstraction function is given to a spec field  , it will be translated into a relational constraint on the corresponding relation  , and Kodkod will find a suitable value for it. Another limitation is that spec methods cannot be recursive. The local time cascade is a recursive function that derives a child's active time from the parent time container's simple time. Simple time is modified by the defined time transformations to yield segment time  , which is in turn modified by repeat functionality and min/max constraints to yield active time. Note the mutual recursive nature of linkspecs and link clauses. Link clause expressions are boolean combinations of link clauses  , where each link clause is semantically a boolean condition on two columns and is specified using either a a native method; b a user-defined function UDF; or c a previously defined linkspec. The actual splitting of the original target page is performed by creating the new right sibling as an exact copy of the page and then removing the unnecessary entries from both pages with the remove interface function. Recursive splitting due to parent page overflows are handled in the same way. The fading is controllable by a weighting parameter a. The performance function Pn is approximated as Pn = ag + UJ n + a2 n2 see figure 4Based on recent measurement pairs P ,n the coefficients ai are estimated using a recursive least-square estimator with exponentially fading memory Young  , 19841. In order to develop such supervisors we will construct a recursive function supervisor parameterized by functions next E NEXT. 7  , each supervisor $ E must ensure that: a $s = admissible if state s is semi-chained  , and b if $s = admissible then there exists a semi-chained state s' E Rs  , $. We assume that the tree has a well defined root  , and that a transaction attempting to construct a write quorum calls the recursive function WriteQuorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. In Figure 2  , we present a protocol for constructing a valid write quorum. Since a reasonably good signal to noise ratio was attained in our experimental setups  , we only utilized ETFE. E T F E includin the recursive least square is known as Time-varying k a n s f e r Function Estimator TTFE 18. To be more specified  , we de­ sign the virtual input and Lyapunov-like function to eIlsure UUB stability of each sub-system recursively compensating the effect of uIIcertain parameters_ Be­ fore designing controller  , -we set some controller pa­ rameters evaluating some bounds of elements in 12. In this section  , we construct a robust controller for uncertainties and load fluctuations with recursive Lyapunov-based design. Since the Razumikhin func­ tion can be constructed easily and the additional re­ striction for the system is not required in the pro­ posed recursive design  , an asymptotically stabilizing controller can be explicitly constructed. In this section  , we will provide a version of the back­ stepping based on the Razumikhin function for the time-delay systems 1. By allowing models to be written declaratively or imperatively using simple data types as well as relations  , the programmer can concentrate more on writing the model and less on struggling with the limited expressiveness of the tool. This work combines the relational features of Alloy with imperative constructs  , control constructs such as loops and recursive function calls  , and full integer arithmetic support. Tuples have two operations  , construction and element selection tuple projection  , defied on them in addition to equality based on the equalities of their constituent types algebras. This edge corresponds to the recursive function call to walksub—Barnes implements the Barnes-Hut approach for the N-body problem  , and walksub recursively traverses the primary data structure  , a tree. The LIME report for 32 cores  , summarized in Figure 8  , says the control flow edge from line 116 in grav. C to line 112 accounts for the imbalance . In the following we demonstrate how to handle an inductive proof in our system by proving a simple lemma end with On  , which expresses that at the end of the special intervals the heater is on. From the local active time  , the segment and simple times are derived the model is logically inverted to calculate the active duration from simple duration. Since the type is recursive   , Build Surrogate Fn is invoked instead of Horizontal Optimization lines 23-26. In Box 1  , the first horizontal optimization results in a new function call 2 lines 1-4  , 11-13  , and Vertical Optimization is invoked with a pair of arguments  , the resulting expression and the type Section lines 14-15. But  , on the other hand  , we have exploited some internal mechanisms of EXPRESS  , namely the indexing with most specific terms and the automatic recursive term expansion described in Chapter 4  , in order to achieve an elegant partial solution. In light of these problems  , we have not yet implemented a sufficiently complete narrowing function in EXPRESS. Further reduction in the computations can be accomplished by minimizing the coefficient of the logarithmic function of the time complexity . This set of forward and backward recurrence equations can be evaluated by applying the recursive doubling technique twice  , one for the forward recursion and another for the backward recursion  , to achieve the time lower bound. Needless to say  , future work includes a long list if items. The ap- plication domain of this strategy according to Vie86 are all kinds of recursion defined by means of function free Horn clauses. Then we turn to QSQR which has recently been introduced for handling recursive axioms in deductive databases by Vie86. Formally  , assume that we have a set U of unreachable atomic propositions. Consider the following recursive function rem U : LT LΠ → LT LΠ that operates on an LTL formula φ and removes all the positive occurrences of atomic propositions in U that appear in conjunctions recall that no negation operator appears in our formulas: The final feature vector representation of the onset signature is constructed as follows  , by attaching mean and max values to the histogram: That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results. Here it is : This first proposition is a syntactically correct program  , but semantically it presents some difficulties : -I at the recursive call  , N is not modified rule I. Our second example ls an extremely "simplified" version of the equally welt-known FACTORIAL function. To avoid using reflection   , a method is generated for each analyser that sorts all the " visit " method calls in a switch in function of the operator ids. Instead each recursive call is forwarded to a central method that dispatches according to the operator id of the current node to the appropriate analyser method. For instance /a The translation function T takes three parameters: the location step of the XSQuirrel expression  , the current binding used by the FLWR expression and a list of predicates. For example   , ;a somewhat more thorough version of the optimizer might repeat the original three phases a second time. Since LIME reports the tree traversal is imbalanced  , this suggests that the tree itself is imbalanced. We are building our theory by fii defining the concepts of higher level theories or formalisms in terms of our primitives and then proving their properties mechanically. Thus for both full generality and for tree outputting an explicitly maintained global stack is demanded. − Encoding the set of descendant tags: The size of the input document being a concern  , we make the rather classic assumption that the document structure is compressed thanks to a dictionary of tags into the document hierachy at the price of making the DescTag function recursive. These data structures are illustrated in Figure 7.a on an abstract XML document. Suppose that a structurally recursive query Q is transformed into Q T by the structural function inlining with respect to type information T . We define the cost of evaluating a query Q over a sequence s denoted by costQ  , s  , which means total number of nodes defined in the XQuery data model 12 that are accessed in the evaluation of Q. Moreover  , the recursions in the definition of S ↓ and E ↓ correspond to recursive function calls of the respective evaluation functions. Likewise  , the functions corresponding to E ↓ take an arbitrary XPath expression and a list of contexts as input and return a list of XPath values which can be of type num  , str  , bool or nset. Given a hierarchical view that already is defined  , the user simply inserts a new function and provides a defining expression by using func- tions of PREV. Osprey takes as an additional input a configuration file that allows new definitions for unit prefixes  , unit aliases  , and unit factors that can be used in unit annotations. We also use the following recursive function to construct the unit type for a variable x based on its C type τ when no appropriate annotations for x are provided: These seem to be rare in JavaScript programs—we have not encountered any in the applications in §7—and therefore serve as a diagnostic to the developer. Since the size-change principle does not consider the tests of if-statements  , it must consider infinite state sequences that cannot occur  , including the sequence that alternates between the two recursive calls. Consider  , for example  , the function  , f  , given in Figure 1. The profile above disambiguates the cases mentioned previously aa shortcomings of function and count profiles . Another important con- clusion that can be drawn is that if we could eliminate the recursive call to ** from ** from POLY-LOOP from POLY  , we could save about 93.6yo of the total run time. For hybrid relational-XML DBMS  , a straight-forward implementation of the ISSUBSUMED boolean operator is to use the SQL/XML function XMLExists 7  , 14 . Predicate buffer and output buffer: The derivation of the function Out-Buffers is similar to that of Results  , and the derivation of Pred-Buffers is straightforward. For the parse tree in Figure 2  , there are no recursive nodes  , so that #match bufs is estimated as: where the factor 3 is the fanout of node book in the parse tree. The protocol tries to construct a quorum by selecting the root and a majority of its children. During this traversal  , each nonterminal and terminal node is analyzed  , making use of parse tree annotations and other functions and lexical resources that provide " semantic " interpretations of syntactic properties and lexical information. Property 3 shows that the R M R N   , possesses an elegant recursive property with regard to its structure in a manner similar to the n-cube. Property 2 shows how the n-cube can be used to simulate the behavior and function of the RMRN ,. The link is checked for the first obstacle and moved accordingly. By doing The components of the resultant forceslmoments at the robot joints a a part due to velocity and gravity terms function of position and Even for the frictioniess problem  , a recursive  , and not the explicit form of the analytical equations which describe the robot dynamics  , is preferable for a numerical implementation. The split is then installed in the parent: the old SP for the left page is updated via update pred and a new entry for the new right page is inserted into the parent with the insert function. The recursive function is defined as: Solve formula 16 by dynamic programing to learn the indication vector E = {e1  , e2  , ..  , em} and send sequence si to query for labeling if ei = 1. be achieved with total number of elements less than or equal to j using sequences up to i. Since distinguished variables are assumed to appear exactly once in the consequents of rules with the potential of repeated variables being real&d by equalities in the antecedent  , h is a function. 0 For a rule r   , we define the function h from the set of distinguished variables in r to the set of all variables in r. For a distinguished variable x  , hx is the variable that appears in the recursive predicate in the antecedent in the same position as x appears in the consequent. In this case  , the current concept description D has to be specialized by means of an operator exploring the search space of downward refinements of D. Following the approach described in 5 ,8  , the refinement step produces a set of candidate specializations ρD and a subset of them  , namely RS  , is then randomly selected via function RandomSelection by setting its cardinality according to the value returned by a function f applied to the cardinality of the set of specializations returned by the refinement operator e.g. Finally  , the third recursive case concerns the availability of both negative and positive examples. The keyword value  , as in domain constraint definitions  , provides a way of naming  , not the type  , bul the whole instance of the type or domain being referenced in an expression that is being evaluated it is often called self or this in programming languages. Recursive use of something like a 2-place cons function quickly palls - cons94301  , cons94302  , cons94303  , cons94304  , cons94306 Notice that both measures are hard to compute over massive graphs: naive personalization would require on the fly power iteration over the entire graph for a user query; naive SimRank computation would require power iteration over all pairs of vertices. Jeh and Widom 16 introduced SimRank  , the multi-step link-based similarity function with the recursive idea that two pages are similar if pointed to by similar pages. Analogously to Theorem 6.5  , we get  Finally  , note that using arguments relating the topdown method of this section with join optimization techniques in relational databases  , one may argue that the context-value table principle is also the basis of the polynomial-time bound of Theorem 7.4. Query trees present the same limitations as 15   , and are also not capable of expressing if/then/else expressions; sequences of expressions since we require that the result of the query always be an XML document; function applications; and arithmetic and set operations. View forests 15 are capable of expressing any query in the XQueryCore that does not refer to element order  , use recursive functions or use is/is not operators. Since templates serve different needs  , we extract those with a high probability of containing structured information on the basis of the following heuristic: templates with just one or two template attributes are ignored since these are templates likely to function as shortcuts for predefined boilerplates  , as well as templates whose usage count is below a certain threshold which are likely to be erroneous. on a Wikipedia page are extracted by means of a recursive regular expression. The convenience of POE based Newton-Euler dynamics modeling of open chains  , demonstrated in 9 and 13  , has been incorporated into this work to provide a recursive formulation for computing the gradient as well. While it is possible to optimize objective functions by estimating the gradients lo  it is far more desirable to provide analytical gradients  , both for improving the performance of the optimizer 18  fewer computations of the cost function are needed and also to increase the accuracy of the gradient. In what follows  , we will present the technique circum­ venting this problem with the two-dimensional sys­ tem 7 as example. Thus  , the key to recursive design for time­ delay systems is how to overcome this difficulty to construct recursively the virtual control law in each step such that in the final step the derivative of the Lyapunov-Razumikhin function of the system is neg­ ative whenever the Razumikhin condition holds. As one composes large-grain operators and operands together into longer expressions  , each subexpression implies not only some atomic computations e.g. , pixel addition that will eventually be expressed in terms of atomic operators e.g. , + and data e.g. , integers  , but it also implies some control structure to sequence 154 Thus  , operators on such large-grain data structures imply some kind of extended control structure such as a loop  , a sequence of statements  , a recursive function  , or other. Within the SEM Model  , it also provides a function similar to an execution stack in a block-structured language  , where the current context is saved upon recursive invocations further planning and restored upon the successful translation and verification of certain artifacts following a promotion. It represents a very real although often informal set of software repositories for formal "release" levels  , commonly employed by larger software organizations. In addition to the traditional causes like sort  , duplicate elimination and aggregates  , the value of a variable must be materialized in three cases: when the variable is used multiple times in the query  , when the variable is used inside a loop FOR  , sort or quantifiers  , or when the variable is an input of a recursive function. Nevertheless  , some queries require data materialization and/or blocking. Another cause for materialization is backward navigation that cannot be transformed into forward navigation. Equations 1-5 represent a few simple formulas that are used in this study. Assume a scoring function exists ϕ· exists that calculates the similarity between a query document q and a search result r. We then define a set of ranking formulas Ψϕ  , T  that assign scores to documents based on both the similarity score ϕ and the search result tree T produced through the recursive search. In order to build our recursive calculations  , we first find an expression for the joint accelerations as a function of the acceleration of the platform and the reaction efforts  , next we find an expression for the reaction efforts as a function of the acceleration of the platform and  , finally  , we find an expression of the acceleration of the platform. We cannot extend the Featherstone method to the walking robots as easily as we extended Walker and Orin's method  , because we have also to consider the acceleration of point 0 0 and the contact efforts. As we shall see below  , global rules are very useful for customizing the translation -the user can add to the system global rules defining special treatment for specific subtrees in the data  , while the rest of the data is handled in a standard manner by the other predefined rules of the system. While our method of analyzing procedures has been motivated by the desire to Rave no restrictions on storage sharing and to proceed with minimal a-priori specifications about the program  , it allows us to model such language features as generic modes  , procedLre variables  , parameters of type procedure  , a simulated callby-name parameter mechanism and a user-accessible evaluating function. At the present time we have no general solvers for recursive procedures; however  , for regular recursion many of the loop solving techniques are applicable. A first-order database is a function-free first-order theory in which the extensional database EDB  , corresponding to the data in relations  , is a set of ground having no variables positive unit clauses. Recursive Queries It is assumed that the reader is familiar with the relationship between lagic programming and relational databases BRO84  , GAL83  , JAR84  , REI78a  , REI78b and the resolution principle in theorem proving ROB65. The other is the effect of the coordinate transforma­ tion Zi+l = Xi+l -cq X i on the Razumikhin con­ dition. Member function B is virtual in P and since it is redefined in M  , it is virtual-redefined in R. Member function C is redefined in R since its implementation is changed by M and overrides member function C from P. Finally  , data members i and j in P arc inherited but hidden in R  , which means they cannot be aeeessed by member function defined in the modifier. The modifier for class R contains one real data member  , i  , and three member functions  , A  , B and C. The modifier is combined with P under the inheritance rules to get R. Data memberfloat i is a new attribute in R since is does not appear in P. Member function A that is defined in M  , is a new attribute in R since its argument list does not agree with A's argument list in P. Member function A in P is recursive in R since it is inherited unchanged from P. Thus  , R contains two member functions named A. Also  , the calculation of the object distance is slightly different in the implementation of ARTOO than the formula given in Section 2  , in that no normalization is applied to the elementary distances as a whole: for characters  , booleans  , and reference values the given constants are directly used  , and for numbers and strings the normalization function given in Section 2 is applied to the absolute value of the difference for numbers and to the Levenshtein distance respectively for strings. The implementation of ARTOO solves infinite recursion in the field distance by cutting the recursive calculation after a fixed number of steps 2 in the case of the results presented in the next section . As briefly discussed in Section 2  , the structure irfposedon thedatabasebythedesign- eris representedby amdule graph  , that is  , a labelled directed acyclic gralk whose nodes represent n-cdules  , whose +=s indicate relationships between modules and whose labelling function assigns tags to r&es indicating how the mdule was created. We capture both the dynamic aspzcts of mdule graphs and the new requirements onmdule constructors in the following recursive definition of mdule graphs: DEFINITION 3.1: The set of nrdule graphs  , together with their sets of active modules  , is recursively defined as follws: However  , it is relatively more difficult for global variables as aliasing has to be considered to identify global variable related def-use relations  , and path reduction is not that helpful for global variables; 2 the source operands of the overflowed integer operations are from trusted sources or constants  , but the overflowed data in the two versions with different precisions did have different values at sinks; 3 IntEQ failed to recognized some benign IOs for hashing  , where the data flow paths involve recursive function calls or cross over different object files. Complete data flow information can be gathered for local scalar variables using def-use chains provided by SSA. Simulated Annealing: Guided evolutionary simulated annealing GESA 19 combines simulated annealing and simulated evolution in a novel way. First  , out of all the children in a family  , the child with the best performance value will be selected. As compared with gradient-based or conjugate-type search  , simulated annealing can escape local minimum points 12. Extension of the simulated annealing technique include the mean field annealing 13 and the tree annealing 1141. Simulated annealing takes a fixed number R of rounds to explore the solution space. We obtain an approximate solution to the problem using simulated annealing 22  , 23. 's simulated annealing solver. 24 simulator  , using GraspIt! It has been applied to a variety of optimization problems. However  , we found that SEESAW ran much faster and produced results with far less variance than simulated annealing. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , application of simulated annealing to disambiguate overlapping shapes is a novel contribution. Carnevali  , et al. , 2   , applied simulated annealing to construct an image from known sets of shapes in the presence of noise. Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. In the next part  , this solution is forwarded to the simulated annealing procedure with parameters: T = 5800  , α = 0.6  , I max = 10. 3Table 4 : Example parameters for simulated annealing applied to the data point disambiguation prob- lem. Fig. The result is the modified assignment: Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. There are very few known constructions for mixed-level covering arrays. For these arrays  , simulated annealing finds an optimal solution. The situation can be improved by solving TSP strictly. The solution using a Simulated Annealing method is sub-optimum. The remaining query-independent features are optimised using FLOE 18. Field-based models are trained through simulated annealing 23. 6  , a path that avoids obstacles can be generated. Applying the method of simulated annealing can be time consuming. c Potential field at low output T= 1. 7 introduced "simulated annealing" principle to a multi-layered search for the global maximum. More recently  , Deutscher et ai. Table 5gives the overall results of these experiments using an annealing constant of 0.4 and 10k iterations. The results are compared to non-annealing methods and their effectiveness was demonstrated. To find a near-optimal solution  , we employed the simulated annealing method which has been shown effective for solving combinatorial optimization problems. It was shown that the perfomance of simulated annealing using the metric developed in this paper performs better than with another cost function which seeks to maximize the number of overlapping modules. The method of simulated annealing was used with this metric as the energy function for two sets of initial and final configurations one simply connected and one containing a loop. Simulated annealing2 is a stochastic optimization technique that enables one to find 'low cost' configuration without getting trapped by the 'high cost' local minima. In order to solve this problem  , we choose to use the simulated annealing SA2 method. we continued to extend the optimization procedure  , including a version of simulated annealing. email sw@microsoft.com 1 Now the University o f W estminster. Simulated anneahng has been used m a variety of apphcation areas to good effect Klrkpatrlck 83. They found that annealing produced good results but was computatlona.lly expensive. 15 proposed a simulated annealing approach to obtain optimal measurement pose set for robot calibration. 319- index for all the possible pose sets  , Zhuang et al. They defined an observability index  , e.g. This is due to the fact that the Simulated Annealing method is a stochastic approach. But they are not consecutive  , and with a second resolution  , the problem disappears. This method is able to search the solution space and find a good solution for the problem. We thus use simulated annealing 10  , a global optimization method. In each round a random successor of the current solution is looked at. A brute force approach will not work because the number of possible solutions grows exponentially. proposed a simulated annealing approach with several heuristics 9  , and Mathioudakis et al. Besides the above heuristics using greedy approach  , Jiang et al. function based on this metric to zero. In section 4  , the method of simulated annealing is used to drive the cost. Table 2lists the obtained space and performance figures. Solutions for the SB approach were obtained running simulated annealing for R = 50  , 000 rounds. where the parameter T corresponds to artificial temperature in the simulated annealing method. Construction of more complex structure will be addressed in future studies. The constraints used were similarity in image intensity and smoothness in disparity . Barnard 3 presented a stochastic optimization technique  , simulated annealing  , to fuse a pair of stereo images. In all our experiments  , the term frequency normalisation parameters are optimised using Simulated Annealing 15. We then swap the training and testing queries and repeat the experiments. Simulated annealing SA is implemented to optimize the global score S in Equation 1. The optimal threshold is 0.09 from the experiment. Standard weighting models and term dependence models are deployed with their commonly suggested parameter settings in the literature . Simulated Annealing devised by Kirkpatrick  , et. Furthermore  , the time-varying nature of the current problem prohibits one from formulating an adequate cost function. The candidate of route is generated randomly. The simulated annealing method is used in order not to be trapped into a bad local optimum. By decreasing T gradually  , units tries possible reachable positions uniformly in earlier steps. We take mean field annealing approach MFA  , which is a deterministic approach and requires much less computational complexity than simulated annealing  , to locate the constrained global optimal solution. In this paper  , we model target boundary as a global contour energy minimum under a constraint of region features. However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. Computational search techniques to find fixed level covering arrays include standard techniques such as hill climbing and simulated annealing. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. requirements engineering 12 but most often in the field of software testing 1 . The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. dynamic programming  , greedy  , simulated annealing  , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 22. Analogously  , for the SB approach the parameter κ  , as an upper-bound on the allowed space blowup  , was varied between 1.0 and 3.0. In this study  , maximizing L is equivalent to minimizing  In theory  , simulated annealing can find the global optimal solution that can maximize the function value by promising a proper probability. However  , practical difficulties arise in two aspects. In principle  , the sub-optimal task sequence planning can be implemented by integrating the computation of the step motion times with simulated annealing. Table 8compares results for some fixed level arrays reported in 22 . Simulated annealing consistently does as well or better than hill climbing  , so we report only those results for the next two tables. We apply simulated annealing SA in order to resolve individual data points within a region of overlap. Overlapping data points occur frequently in 2-D plots and identifying each individual data point and its coordinates is a difficult task. Second  , Simulated Annealing SA starts at a random state and proceeds by random moves  , which if uphill  , are only accepted with certain probability. Its output at the end is the least cost local minimum that has been visited. Techniques like simulated annealing  , the AB technique Swly93  , and iterative improvement will be essential. there are so many parallel alternatives  , you will need efficient ways to prune the unreasonable choices quickly. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9. Thus  , the choice of the optimal feature sets may require a preliminary feature construction phase. With the same objective  , genetic search strategies Goldberg891 can be applied to query optimization  , as a generalization of randomized ones EibengOl. Examples of such strategies are simulated-annealing Ioannidis871 and iterative- improvement Swami88. Thus  , a deformation that increases the objective function is sometimes generated  , which improves the performance of optimization. We plan to study this possibility in future work. As suggested by one reviewer  , local optimum can be escaped by introducing stochastic elements to this greedy heuristic or by using Simulated annealing. On comparison with the simulated annealing method used in a prior publications 16  , we found that seesawing between {Low  , High} values was adequate for our purposes. We have conducted experiments with other approaches that allow intermediate values. To get around this inter-dcpcndency problem  , we can decompose the problem into two parts and take an itcrativc approach. Simulated annealing can be helpful to address very large size problems or optimize response times directly WolfM. Simulated Annealing the system has frozen. This has been estimated as cardphyEnt * k factor k has been proposed to be equal to 1 in Table 2: Extensibility Primitives for implementing randomized and genetic strategies 4.2.2. In this method  , the TSP was solved as a sub-optimal exploration path by using a Simulated Annealing method SI. The path generation problem can be modeled as the Traveling Salesman Problem TSP SI. A hybrid methodology that uses simulated annealing and Lagrangian relaxation has recently been developed to handle the set-up problem in systems with three or more job classes ll. The method needs to be extended to a multiclass system. If the increment of a joint angle between its start and goal is large enough so that As the temperature is slowly lowered the simplex crawls out of local minima and converges upon the global minimum. Of course  , in many cases constructions are not known or may not exist such as is true in the last two entries of this table. In order to investigate larger spaces  , randomized search strategies have been proposed to improve a start solution until obtaining a local optimum. Since there is no guarantee of a unique extremum in the cost function   , a method like simulated annealing can be used to optimize the cost function 22. Otherwise  , a numerical method is necessary. al  , 1983  has been shown effective in solving large combinato enable transitions from the local minima to higher energy states and then to the minimum in a broader area  , a statistical approach was introduced. Even thouglh simulated annealing is a very powerful technique  , it has the uncertainties associated with a randomized approach. Since the configuration has to remain connected at all times  , reconfiguration in this case involves overcoming 'deep' local minima. Since softassign determines the correspondence between data sets  , the exact correspondences are not needed in advance. The rate at which the correspondences are tightened is controlled by a simulated annealing schedule. Essentially local techniques such as gradient descent  , the simplex method and simulated annealing are not well suited to such landscapes. There are often several distinct valleys as occlusion and accessibility constraints can cut the scene in two. Further more  , literature on this method doesn't mention any restriction about its use. We don't find iliis property in other methods such as Simulated Annealing 1  , Tabou research  , or local search. Perhaps a non-gradient-based global approach  , such as a genetic or simulated annealing technique might be more appropriate to this problem. The optimizer struggled with these on occasion. A high sparseness parameter leads to rules that have a few large and many small but non-zero coefficients. Of course  , one can utilize simulated annealing or any other global optimization strategy as well. Association discovery is a fundamental data mining task. This property opens the way to randomized search e.g. , simulated annealing  , which should improve the quality of models selected by LLA procedures. Simulated annealing has been used by Nurmela and¨Ostergård and¨ and¨Ostergård 18  , to construct covering designs which have a structure very similar to covering arrays. For a table of known upper bounds for Ø ¾ see 22. While our techniques are fully general  , we have emphasized the fixed level cases in our reporting so that we can make comparisons with results in the literature. The simulated annealing program is based on that of 18. Randomized strategies do not  , guarantee that the best solution is obtained  , but avoid the high cost of optimization. Examples of such strategies are Simulated Annealing SA IC91 and Iterative Improvement II Sw89 . In all experiments  , TSA yields the best optimization/execution cost  , ratio. The major contribution of this paper is an extension of SA called Toured Simulated Annealing TSA  , to better deal with parallel query optimization. The method of simulated annealing provides suck a technique of avoiding local minima. This prompts a need to develop a technique to escape from local minima through tunnelling or hill-climbing. First  , we introduce some additional notation to be used in this section: T start denotes the initial temperature parameter in simulated annealing  , f T < 1 denotes the multiplicative factor by which the temperature goes down every I T iterations and N is the number of samples drawn from the stationary distribution. In this section  , we present experimental results on simulated datasets  , a microarray gene expression dataset and a movie recommendation dataset.  Query term distribution and term dependence are two similar features that rely on the difference of the query term distributions between the the homepage collection and the content-page collection. The ratio for a navigational query bestbuy is 3.3  , which is smaller than that of simulated annealing. All of these lechniques musl  , lo be successful  , must outperform exhaustive search optimiJalion above 10 01 15 way joins in selecting access paths while Hill being within a few percent of the optimal plan. Changes in the robot's base position to the left  , right or back did not notably increase the overall grasp quality in that setup. The information about the grasp quality was delivered from ROS' own grasp planning tool  , which uses a simulated annealing optimization to search for gripper poses relative to the object or cluster 27. Relationship between the number of AGV and average of duality gap route for the entire AGV is always generated taking the entire AGV into account. Others like 6 proposes a rule-based on-line scheduling system for an FMS that generates appropriate priority rules to select a transition to be fired from a set of conflicting transitions. Another work aksolves this problem based on the simulated annealing to technique obtain a modified schedule by rescheduling. Other important questions in this context that need to be explored are: How to choose classes ? The correspondences are loosely enforced initially and refined as the iterations proceed so that  , upon convergence  , each point on one surface has a single corresponding point on the other surface . This is unlike simulated annealing or MaxWalkSat  , which simultaneously offer settings to all features at every step of their reasoning. SEESAW incrementally grows solutions from unconstrained where all features can take any value in {Low  , High} to fully constrained where all features are set to a single value. However the substantial time required and perhaps the complexity of implementing such methods has led to the widespread use of simpler heuristics  , such as hill-climbing 8 and greedy methods. If the size of the test suite is the overriding concern  , simulated annealing or tabu search often yields the best results . The key to using simulated annealing to compute something useful is to get the energy mini- mization function to correspond to some important relationship  , for example  , the closeness of For the purposes of this paper we will give exampIes from the medium-sized AI tools knowledge base. 'l In order to generate a path that could avoid obstacles  , we set the path length that is overlapped by obstacle as infinite. Additionally  , because of the initially high control parameter value analogous to temperature in the simulated annealing dynamics of GESA  , a poorly performing child can succeed the parent of its family in the initial stages  , thus enabling escape from local minimum traps. At the same time  , it preserves some diversity as a hedge. The simulated annealing method has been used in many applications; TSP  , circuit design  , assembly design as well as manufacturing problems  , for example  , for lot size and inventory control Salomon  , et. However  , the initial state is not meaningful and does not affect the result Laarhoven ans Aarts  , 19871. This is because if there is a move possible which reduces energy   , simulated annealing will always choose that and in that case the value of the ratio AEIT does not influence the result. Another observation was that the initial temperature had no noticeable effect when the optimal assignment metric is used as the energy function. We then illustrate how this metric is applied to the motion planning/selfreconfiguration of metamorphic robotic systems. Further  , they propose the use of simulated annealing to attempt to solve the reconfiguration problem. In 4 and 5  , Pamecha and Chirikjian examine the theoretic bounds of reconfiguration on such a system  , including the upper and lower bounds on the minimum number of moves required for reconfiguration. For this project  , we have used a different approach  , which is to seed the search space with many guesses  , taking the best one the smallest average distance error  , and running it to minimization. In previous work  , we used a simulated annealing method to find the local minimum 9. Variation of iterations The impact of a duplication of the number of performed iterations is relatively small and very much depends on the type of investigated graph G. Further information is given in the appendix. Note that if one wants to avoid setting p at all  , one may resort to Simulated Annealing. Instead of using probability to decide on a move when the cost is higher  , a worse feasible solution is chosen if the cost is less than the current threshold 1 . These follow a strategy similar to simulated annealing but often display more rapid convergence. We employ simulated annealing  , a stochastic optimization method to segregate these shapes and find the method to be fairly accurate. To extract data precisely from figures in digital documents  , one must segregate the overlapping shapes and identify the shape and the center of mass of each overlapping data point. Figure 7 shows the result of simulated annealing in trajectory planning when applied to the example in figure 6d. Thus  , the gradual shaping of the collision regions can be achieved by the decrease of the output temperature T starting from a high value. They are difficult to initialize owing to the wide forbidden regions  , and apt to fall into poor local minima and then waste a lot of time locating them very precisely. Planning of motion has exploited the strength of simulated annealing 15  , distributed approaches 13 ,16-171  , closed-chain reconfiguration  181 and multi-layered solvers  10 ,12 ,19. In the literature  , several approaches have been proposed to discover the associations between the task described in the operational space and the corresponding actions to be carried out simultaneously in the cell level. are used with simulated annealing where C denotes the current configuration of the robot and F denotes the final configuration desired. Second  , the metric defined using concepts of optimal assignment developed in Sections 3 and 4 applied to the current and final configurations is an energy function : First  , the difference of the number of modules and the number of overlapping modules of any two configurations with the same number of modules defined as overlap metric in Section 3 is considered. As a result  , it is best suited for performing; a number of off line simulations and then using the best one out of those to reconfigure the robot instead of real time application. In this paper we define a useful metric which is one of many possibtle measures of distance between configurations of a metamorphic system. However   , our method is not time-consuming and experimental results show that we always get a correct minimum in a low number of iterations. Unlike stochastic relaxakion methods such as simulated annealing  , we cannot ensure that the global minimum of the function is reached. The difficulty is that in a complex image context  , the target boundary is usually a global energy minimum under certain constraints for instance  , constraints of target object interior characteristics instead of the actual global energy minimum contour. The second category of DCMs model target boundary as global energy minimum 10 11 and take global optimization approaches specifically simulated annealing to locate them. Moreover  , it is worth noticing that  , since the search strategy and the application context are independent from each other  , it is possible to easily re-use and experiment strategies developed in other disciplines  , e.g. To avoid this  , in our first tests on the first two benchmarks   , we applied a simulated annealing based 10 optimization method  , which optimized the parameters of the underlying learning method. In the field of machine learning  , determining the hyperparameters of a learning method is important and if they are improperly chosen these parameters can induce a poor performance. Additionally  , contrary to classical approaches in statistics that rather assess the modification of two nested models  , Chordalysis-Mml can assess models in isolation. The technique proposed assumes the parameter space to be discrete and runs the randomized query optimizer for each point in the parameter space. INSS92 presents a randomized approach – based on iterative improvement and simulated annealing techniques – for parametric query optimization with memory as a parameter. Once the optimization procedure has selected a dig  , it can be mapped back to the joints of the excavator. In simulated annealing  , the current state may be replaced by a successor with a lower quality. If the objective function value of the successor MP C  is lower than that of the current best partition MP C  , we move to the successor with a Kuo and Chen propose an approach that utilizes a controlled vocabulary from cross-document co-reference chains for event clus- tering 17  , 18. The other method defines a global score function over the whole collection and solves the optimization problem with simulated annealing. In this paper  , we present a stochastic search technique using simulated annealing to solve the machine loading problem in FAS. , n. A product i requires at most m operations in order to produce final product and there are precedence constraints between operations. Our method gives feasible solution by judicious choice of parameters and outperforms the method proposed by Lashkari 5  , in terms of the quality of the optimal solution. Another difficult issue only briefly mentioned in our previous presentation  , was the constraint that the robots had to end up in specific locations. Figure 4illustrates CSSA for the case where the user requires the best K solutions exceeding the similarity specified by target. Configuration similarity simulated annealing CSSA  , based on 215  , performs random walks just like iterative improvement Figure 3Parameter tuning for GCSA but in addition to uphill  , it also accepts downhill moves with a certain probability  , trying to avoid local maxima. However  , in challenging situations  , where a combination of region and image gradient information fails to accurately identify the target boundary  , those methods still tends to be trapped into undesired local energy minima. It has also been extended to allow partial coverage of the required skills  , introducing a multi-objective optimization problem that is optimized using simulated annealing 8 . This problem has been extended to cases in which potentially more than one member possessing each skill is required  , and where densitybased measures are used as objectives 9 ,15. It may also be undesirable that randomization without the use of stored seeds in these types of methods produce different results each time the method is used. See 8  , 25 for data on accuracy and execution time of simulated annealing and tabu search. Using a realistic application  , we measure the impact of parallelism on the optimization cost and the op- timization/execution cost trade-off using several combinations of search space and search strategy. Both the Mozer and the Bein and Smolensky models used a-constant link weight between terms and document$ CODEFINDER extends the model further by making use of inverse document frequency measures for link weights. This is similar to simulated annealing techniques 2. But the grasp quality increased by 32.5% when the robot's torso was driven to the " up " position from the initial pose. This problem is a very complex version of a traveling salesman problem TSP and is not easily solvable since even the ordinary TSP is hard to find the exact solution. In Section 4  , the time-suboptimal task sequence planning and time-efficient trajectory planning for two arms with free final configurations and unspecified terminal travelling time are integrated. Section 3 formulates the inspection task sequence planning as a variation of the TSP  , and simulated annealing 15  is introduced to find a timesuboptimal route. To establish the framework for modeling search strategies  , we view the query optimization problem as a search problem in the most general sense. In PT modification  , which occurs in randomized and genetic strategies  , states are complete IQ  , an action is a transform or a crossover method and the goal description involves a stop condition based on specific parameters of the search strategies e.g. , time constraint in iterative-improvement  , temperature in simulated-annealing or number of generations in genetic strategies. Experimental evaluation suggests that x 0 = 0.8 and a T 0 equal to the similarity of the initial solution  , is the best combination for the initial value of T. For decreasing the value of T  , we apply the common e.g. , 19 decrement rule: Thus  , the training time for the simulated annealing method can be greatly reduced. It was found experimentally that if the NN is trained once at a low temperature and the output temperature temperature of sigmoidal function of hidden layer is set to a high temperature T  , and then frozen down gradually   , the effects on the potential function are similar to the ones obtained by having trained the NN each time the temperature is reduced. This also happens to be the KB that we did more experiments on since it provided more complexity and more representative prob- lems. For example  , in both cases AEi is always negative for some move i  , until a local minima is reached and such minima are few in the complete reconfiguration of the robot from the initial to the final configuration. It deals effectively with path planning  , and incorporates the method of simulated annealing to avoid local minima regardless of domain dimension or complexity . Our path planning approach provides flexibility due to the automatic use of as many VPs as necessary based on the complexity of the planned path  , efficiency due to the use of the necessary via points for the path representation at all times  , and massive parallelism due to the parallel computation of individual VP motions with only local infonnation. This parameter selection approach can be viewed as a function minimizing method  , where the input of the objective function is the parameter of the underlying learner and the value of the function is the aggregated error of the underlying method on a fixed optimization set. A way to avoid local minima is the use of simulated annealing on the potential field representation of the obstacle regions: the potential field represents abstractly the obstacle region and  , as time goes by  , the representation becomes more accurate. However  , due to the representation of the collision function by a potential field  , path planning may stick into local minima as it is shown in figure 6 d where the obstacle regions are represented by two rectangular regions. The concept of building robots which are capable of changing their structure according to the needs of the prescribed task and the conditions of the environment has been inspired from the idea of forming topologically different objects with a single and massively interconnected system. In PT generation  , the initial state is constituted by the relations and predicates from the input query together with related schema information  , states are join nodes  , an action is an expand method and goal states are join nodes that correspond to complete PTs e.g. , j2 and j3 in Figure 1. A T-Regular Expression is a regular expression over a triple pattern or an extended regular expression of the form  are regular expressions; if x and y are regular expressions  , then x  y  , x ⏐ y are also regular expressions. is one regular expression defined for the month symbol. For instance  , the regular expression ^Jjan uary ? Regular expression matching is naturally computationally expensive. The ARROW system applies regular expression signatures to match URLs in HTTPTraces. -constrain paths based on the presence or absence of certain nodes or edges. A T-Regular Expression is a regular expression over a triple pattern or an extended regular expression of the form  If  , for example  , an ADT has a domain definition represented by the regular expression "name sex birthdate"  , then the ADT is a generalization of person because "name sex birthdate" is a subexpression of the expression "name sex birthdate address age deathdate which is a commutated expression of the domain-defining regular expression for person. For any regular expression  , we allow concatenation AND and plus OR to be commutative and define a commuted regular expression of regular expression e to be any regular expression that can be derived from e by a sequence of zero or more commutative operations. aGeneralizationa  , b/aSpecializationb  , a: ADT a is an automatic generalization of ADT b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a subexpression of a commuted regular expression that defines the domain for ADT b. Otherwise   , we describe the properties in the regular expression format. If these strings are identical  , we directly present such string in the regular expression. XTM provides support for the entire PERL regular-expression set. This regular-expression matching can be performed concurrently for up to 50 rules. So the extracted entities are from GATE  , list or regular expression matching. We also write some regular expression to match some type of entities . The regular expression specifies the characters that can be included in a valid token. A regular expression is used to segment a piece of text to tokens. Finally  , we summarize these properties in order to generate the regular expression. We distinguish two types of path expressions: simple path expression SPE and regular path expression RPE. The # sign denotes arbitrary occurrences of any regular expressions. A content expression is simply a regular expression ρ over the set of tokens ∆. Content expressions. The PATTERN clause is similar to a regular expression. Each event expression consists of two clauses. This is done by interpreting the regular expression as an expression over an algebra of functions. First the summary function of the call node must be computed from the regular expression for the arc language of the called prime program . Since XQuery does not support regular path expressions  , the user must express regular path expressions by defining user-defined structurally recursive functions. Regular path expression. In particular  , the occurrence of the regular expression operators concatenation  , disjunction +  , zero-or-one  ? Synthetic expression generation. But the problem of automatic regular expression grammar inference is known to be difficult and we generally cannot obtain a regular expression grammar using only positive samples 13  , like in our case. It is not difficult to see that a regular expression exists for the tag paths in Table 1. ADT a is an automatic aggregation of the list of ADTs b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a commuted regular expression of the regular expression formed by concatenating the elements in the list of ADTs b. b: Here b is an ordered list of two or more ADTs. Yet easier  , PCRE the most widespread regular expression engine supports callouts 20   , external functions that can be attached to regular expression markers and are invoked when the engine encounter them. at which character position  an expected markup structure is missing. Thus  , each occurrence of the regular expression represents one data object from the web page. Therefore  , once we obtain the occurrences of the regular expression in the token sequences  , we need to restore the original text strings. The second most matched rule is another regular expression that resulted in another 11% of the rule matches. The most-matched rule is a long regular expression with many alternations that resulted in 56% of the rule matches. For the sketched example the regular expression should allow any character instead of the accent leading to the regular expression " M.{1 ,2}ller " instead of solely " Müller " . For example " Müller " can also be spelled as " Muller " or " Mueller " . As already noted  , a pure regular expression that expresses permutations must have exponential size. By conjuncting these expressions together  , we obtain a regular expression with conjunctions that expresses permutations and has size On2. The code is inefficient because creating the regular expression is an expensive operation that is repeatedly executed. For the above example  , the developers compute the regular expression once and store it into a variable: The obtained regular expression can be applied with the appropriate flags such as multi-line support and with appropriate string delimiters to instance pages to check for template matching. * in popular regular expression syntaxes. For example  , here is the regular expression for the " transmit " relationship between two Documents: Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. The implementation of the regular-expression matching module is described in more detail in the paper by Brodie  , Taylor  , and Cytron 5. This regular expression is then applied on the sentences extracted by the search engine for 2 purposes: i. To handle this 1-n generation  , we found it convenient to code the set of candidate answers using a regular expression. Such a template can be converted to a non deterministic regular expression by replacing hole markers with blocks of " any character sequence " which would be . For example  , the output of the function md5 is approximated with the regular expression  , 0-9a-f{32}  , representing 32- character hexadecimal numbers. The output of some string operations is reasonably approximated by a regular expression. We utilize regular expression matching for both sources of URLs. The former is a more reliable source although mistakes/typos from the authors can occur while the latter relies heavily on the performance of regular expression matching to identify URLs. Each print statement has as argument a relational expression   , with possibly some free occurrences of attributes. The expression " @regexx " evaluates to true iff x matches the regular expression regex i.e. , @regex denotes the set of all strings that match the regular expression regex. For example  , while an expression can be defined to match any sequence of values that can be described by a regular expression  , the language does not provide for a more sophisticated notion of attribute value restrictions. While techniques have been introduced for mining sequential patterns given regular expression constraints 9 ,10  , the expression constraints in these works are best suited for matching a value pattern. For brevity  , we omit nodes in a regular expression unless required  , and simply describe path expressions in terms of regular expressions over edge labels. Regular expressions and XQuery types are naturally represented using trees. An XQuery type e.g. , xs:integer | xs:string* can be represented as a regular expression . Quite complex textual objects can be specified by regular expressions. — The TOMS automatically constructs a recognize function by using a pattemmatcher driven by a user's regular expression13. However  , the language model would often make mistakes that the regular expression classifier would judge correctly. Neither method regular expressions or language model for classifying questions was ideal. The first regular expression to match defines the component parts of that section. Finally  , successive regular expressions are applied from the most to least specific to these sections. in these strings. This subtext is then parsed and a regular expression generated. Table 2 4. Extract all multi-word terms using the predefined regular expression rules. The latest comment prior to closing the pull request matches the regular expression above. 4. for sequencing have their usual meaning. Generally  , these regular expressions are interpreted exactly as in other semistructured query languages  , and the usual regular expression operations +  , *  ,  ? ,   , and . The XML specification requires regular expressions to be deterministic. The regular expression da is also referred to as the element definition or content model of a. Furthermore we utilized regular expressions  , adopted from Ritter et al. indicating an expression of strong feelings. Extraction generates minimal nonoverlapping substrings. Refer to 22 for a Java regular expression library. These patterns are expressed in regular expression. Here are some examples of our patterns: P1. Due to the lack of real-world data  , we have developed a synthetic regular expression generator that is parameterized for flexibility. The construction resembles that of an automaton for a regular expression. Given an event expression  , E  , we now show how to build an automaton Ms. SPE are path expressions that consist of only element or attribute names. As usual  , we write Lr for the language defined by regular expression r. The class of all regular expressions is actually too large for our purposes  , as both DTDs and XSDs require the regular expressions occurring in them to be deterministic also sometimes called one-unambiguous 15 . Note that the empty language ∅ is not allowed as basic expression. Or it may be possible that the required regular expression is too complicated to write. It should be pointed out that some operations sequences are non-regular in the sense that they cannot be specified by regular expres- sions. Most of the learning of regular languages from positive examples in the computational learning community is directed towards inference of automata as opposed to inference of regular expressions 5  , 43  , 48. Regular expression inference. Thus  , semantically  , the class of deterministic regular expressions forms a strict subclass of the class of all regular expressions. Not every nondeterministic regular expression is equivalent to a deterministic one 15. As Glusta also uses regular expressions when the user needs to specify additional fitness factors as in the HyperCast experiment  , we will investigate optimizations for our regular expression matching also. 19  , it says regular expression matching is a large portion of the Reflexion Model's performance. Moreover  , the preg_match function in PHP does not only check if a given input matches the given regular expression but it also computes all the substrings that match the parenthesized subexpressions of the given regular expression. Hence  , we may end up with very large regular expressions. Operation LaMa is the basis for interpreting regular expressions of descriptors. We first tried the regular-expression-based matching approach . Match Generation: There are two ways of doing matching: 1 Regular-expression-based matching: Generate a regular expression from the vulnerability signature automaton and then use the PHP function preg_match to check if the input matches the generated regular expression  , or 2 Automata-simulation-based matching: Generate code that  , given an input string  , simulates the vulnerability signature automaton to determine if the input string is accepted by the vulnerability signature automaton  , i.e. , if the input string matches the vulnerability signature. To this end  , we generate and then try to apply two types of patterns  , expressed in terms of a regular expression: one is aimed at describing author names the element regular expression  , or EREG  , and the other aimed at describing groups of delimiters between names the glue characters regular expression or GREG. and D. Knuth  , Ph. D. "   , a usual case in fields other than computer science. We attempt to extract author names both by means of matches of the generated EREG  , or extracting the text appearing in between two matches of a GREG. Two methods are also given for detecting the data flow anomalies without directly computing the regular expression for the paths. The teehnique's inspiration comes from the use of the regular expression for the paths in a program as a suitably interpreted A expression. During evaluation of this expression  , the descriptor person would only match a label person on an edge. For example  , in the regular expression person | employee.name ? , the descriptors  , the basic building blocks of the regular expression  , are person   , employee  , and name. Like the generic relationship  , aggregation does not have a userdefined counterpart because the user must define aggregation in the syntax. ADT a is an automatic aggregation of the list of ADTs b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a commuted regular expression of the regular expression formed by concatenating the elements in the list of ADTs b. Definition 5. The regular expression r2 = Σ + σ1Σ +   , in contrast  , was not derivable by iDRegEx from small samples. All machines have a nonaccepting start-state. AutoRE 21 outputs regular expression signatures for spam detection. 14 generate signatures to detect HTTP-based malware e.g. , bots. For the example mentioned above  , our code produces the regular expression fs.\.*\.impl. * to handle dynamic inputs. Empty string K is a valid regular expression. Next  , we show how this atomic formula can be expressed in SRPQs. A regular expression r is single occurrence if every element name occurs at most once in it. Definition 3. Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. The heuristic rules allow creating user-defined types. Three runs were submitted for the QA track. We present a relatively simple QA framework based on regular expression rewriting. Works such as 7  , 29  , 23 use regular-expression-like syntax to denote event patterns. 19  , 22  , 14. For every group  , a regular expression is identified. The question type is identified for a group of question cue phrases. Deciding whether R is not restricted is NP- complete. THEOREM 3.2: Let R be a regular expression over alphabet 0. The following regular expression describes all possibilities: By continuing in this manner  , an arbitrarily long connection can be sustained. For notational simplicity  , we assume that each regular expression in a conjunctive query Q is distinct. 2.5. Also relevant are the XSD inference systems 12  , 20  , 34 that  , as already mentioned  , rely on the same methods for learning regular expressions as DTD inference. Hence for most of the paper we restrict ourselves to using approximate regular expression matching 15  , which can easily be specified using weighted regular transducers 9. They also make the agorithms more difficult to explain. A formalism regular expressions for tagged text  , RETT for developing such rules was created. The module is based on a set of regular-expression-like rules  , that match a certain context and replace found erroneous tag with a correct one. This crude classifier of signal tweets based on regular expression matching turns out to be sufficient. Second  , we identify a set of regular expressions that define the set of signal tweets. Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. They address the issue of equivalence decidability of regular path queries under such constraints. A sample S covers a deterministic regular expression r if it covers the automaton obtained from S using the Glushkov construction for translating regular expressions into automata 14. Such a word w is called a witness for s  , t. One alternative considered in the design of XJ was to allow programmers the use of regular expression types in declarations. XML Schema supports a richer notion of types than Java  , based primarily on regular expressions. a feature that is supported by all major regular expression implementations and a posteriori checking for empty groups can be used to identify where i.e. *-delimited blocks of the generated regular expressions can be wrapped in optional groups .. ? The fourth column lists the feature on which the regular expression or gazetteer as the case may be is evaluated. The third column lists some example regular expressions or gazetteer entries as the case may be. Let's start with the weakest template class  , type 3 regular grammars 16The more common regular expression equivalent provides an easier way to think about regular templates. This section defines restricted classes of templates corresponding to the Chomsky type 1.3 generational grammars 1 : contextsensitive   , context-free  , and regular. All 49 regular expressions were successfully derived by iDRegEx. In other words  , the goal of our first experiment is to derive   , from a corpus of XSD definitions  , the regular expression content models in the schema for XML Schema Definitions 3 . Therefore  , we extend the regular expressions developed by Bacchelli et al 4  , 5 to the following regular expression code take the class named " Control " for the example: DragSource- Listener " . The OM regex contained 102 regular expressions of varying length. The format of OM regex is consistent with other lexicons in that each entry is composed of a regular expression and associated polarity and strength. We apply  , in order of precedence  , this sequence of regular expressions to each token from the token sequence previously obtained  , giving us the symbol sequence: x1  , . By using the named entities already tagged in the document  , the system can create a number of actual regular expressions  , substituting suitable types into the ANSWER and OBJECT locations. A permutation expression is such an example. It is well known that adding " and " to regular expressions does not increase the expressive power of regular expressions but does permit more compact expressions see Chapter 3 exercises in 7 . This generic representation is called a Navigation Pattern NP. This generic representation is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links occurring in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages. The items are then extracted in a table format by parsing the Web page to the discovered regular patterns. DeLa discovers repeated patterns of the HTML tags within a Web page and expresses these repeated patterns with regular expression. This generic representation  , is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages. Thus  , we will use regular expressions to specify the history component of a guard. This is captured by the regular expression guard shown at the top of the SndReq lifeline in Figure 1a. However  , regular expressions are not very robust with respect to layout variations and structural changes that occur frequently in Web sites. Several approaches such as 2  , 3  , 11 use regular-expression matching on HTML documents. Second  , some text may happen to match a regular expression by coincidence but still the document may fail to support the answer. First of all  , good answers phrased in unfamiliar terms may not be covered by the regular expressions. Regular expressions were developed to pattern match sentence construction for common question types. We maintained a data store of basic regular expression formats  , suitable substitution types  , an allowable answer type  , and a generic question format for the particular rela- tion. Regular expressions REs are recursively defined as follows: every alphabet symbol a ∈ Σ is a regular expression. In the rest of the paper Σ is a finite alphabet of symbols also called element names. The first one accepts the regular language defined by the original path expression  , while the second one accepts the reversed language  , which is also regular. For each instance of the iterator created for a path pattern  , two DFAs are constructed. The regular expression rules are sensitive to text variations and the need for the user to come up with markup rules can limit GoldenGATE's application. The user  , however  , is free to come up with regular expression rules to mark up a description to any detailed level. One approach for automatic categorization is achieved by deriving taxonomy correspondences from given attribute values or parts thereof as specified via a regular expression pattern. We use regular expression and query patterns or incorporate user-supplied scripts to match and create terms. All the suggestions provided by the spell-checker are matched with this regular expression  , and only the first one that matches is selected  , otherwise the mispelled word is left unchanged. For example  , given the aligned outputs: a λασεν  , b λαστν and c λασ ν  , the regular expression generated is /λασετ ?ν/. Then an XPath with a regular expression that tests if all text snippets with this particular structure are marked up as dates is a suitable means to test whether or not the step that marks up dates has been executed. Further  , suppose that this tool uses regular expression patterns to recognize dates based on their distinctive syntactical structure. For our running example  , we obtain the three regular expressions: We further refer to the hostnames and IP addresses in HIC1. The size of the regular expression generated from the vulnerability signature automaton can be exponential in the number of states of the automaton 10. An XSD is single occurrence if it contains only single occurrence regular expressions. Consider  , for example  , the classifier that identifies SD. Specifically  , positive pattern matches are carefully constructed regular expression patterns and gazetteer lookups while negative pattern matches are regular expressions based on the gazetteer. In other words  , each language described by a regular expression can also be generated by an appropriate grammar G∈C 3 and viceversa . We focus on the least powerful grammar category C 3 and the corresponding language category  , which has been shown to be equal to the one defined by the regular expression formalism. The descriptor is typically a single word or phrase that is compared  , using string comparison   , to the label. A string path definition spd is a regular expression possibly containing some variables variable Y indicated by \varY  which appear in some concept predicate of the corresponding rule. One can express that a string source must match a given regular expression. The best regular expression in the candidate set C is now the deterministic one that minimizes both model and data encoding cost. The complexity of a regular expression  , i.e. , its model encoding cost  , is simply taken to be its length  , thereby preferring shorter expressions over longer ones. Thus  , this regular expression is used. In the case of the tokens in columnˆficolumnˆ columnˆfi75  , notice that the tokens " 8 " and " D " match distinct leafs in the Regex tree and the deepest common ancestor corresponds to the node whose regular expression is " \w " . For instance  , the Alembic workbench 1 contains a sentence splitting module which employs over 100 regular-expression rules written in Flex. The rule based systems use manually built rules which are usually encoded in terms of regular expression grammars supplemented with lists of abbreviations  , common words  , proper names  , etc. Contrarily  , the idea behind our solution is to focus on the input dataset and the given regular expression. Previous approaches 5  , 1  , 6  to solve Problem 1 were focusing on its search space  , exploiting in different ways the pruning power of the regular expression R over unpromising patterns. The property verification is restricted to the users that belong to the specified class  , and that matches the regular expression in the scope of the property. More precisely  , the first part of the scope i.e. , name is the name of a user class as specified with the classifiers  , for instance  , a userAgent  , while the second part i.e. , regex corresponds to a regular expression. For a regular expression r over elements   , we denote by r the regular expression obtained from r by replacing every ith a-element in r counting from left to right by ai. We discuss the latter notion a bit more formally as it returns in the specification of XML Schema in the form of the Unique Particle Attribution rule. We therefore configured the Gigascope to only try the regular expression match for DirectConnect if the fixed offset fields match. For example  , to identify the DirectConnect protocol we need to perform a regular expression match for: However  , we also know that the first byte of the DirectConnect TCP payload needs to be 36 and the last byte 124. This can be useful in representing word tokens that correspond to fields like Model and Attribute. where xt ∼ r means that xt matches the regular expression r. For example  , sd700  , sd800 and sd850 all match the regular expression " a-z+0-9+ " in the pattern matching language. In fact  , a regular expression may be a very selective kind of syntactical constraint  , for which large fraction of an input sequence may result useless w.r.t. If the regular expression matches an instance it is safe to return a validity assessment. This led us to develop a dynamic substitution system  , whereby a generic regular expression was populated at runtime using the tagged contents of the sentence it was being applied to. Each operator takes a regular expression as an argument  , and the words generated by the expression serve as patterns that direct how lists should be shuffled together or picked apart. The authors propose two powerful operators  , called I&-operations  , which are based on regular languages and which define a family of list merging and extracting operations. Regular-Expression Matching: XTM provides the ability to search for text that matches a set of rules or patterns  , such as looking for phone numbers  , email addresses  , social-security numbers   , monetary values  , etc. A wildcard in a regular expression is associated in the SMA to a transition without a proper label: in other terms  , a transition that matches any signal  , and thus it fires at every iteration. To handle these kind of patterns we must allow wildcards in the regular expression. Such a query can be encoded as a regular expression with each Ri combined using an " OR " clause and this regular expression based query can be issued as an advanced search to a search engine. Rn  , where M is the main query and each Ri is a supporting term. The composite query is most useful when each Ri represents a specific aspect of the main query M and the individual supporting terms are not directly related. Context patterns are used to impose constraints on the context of an element. The element content is constrained by a content expression   , that is  , a regular expression over element definitions. This corresponds to a standard HTML definition of links on pages. We used a Perl expression to find all links on a page  , with a regular expression that matched <a href= .. /a>. The difference is that the thing to be extracted is defined by the expression  , not the component itself. The regular expression extractor acts in a similar way as the name extractor. An algebraic system A is developed that is specialized for detecting data flow anomalies. One of the benefits of our visual notation is encapsulation. The regular expression is a simple example for an expression that would be applied to the content part of a message. We note that xtract also uses the MDL principle to choose the best expression from a set of candidates. xtract 31 is another regular expression learning system with similar goals. It is well-known that the permutation expression can be compacted a bit to exponential size but no further compaction is possible in regular expression notation. The straightforward approach of listing all such possible strings grows factorially. We will refer to a triple of such a regular expression and the source and destination nodes as a P-Expression e.g. Then  , we can summarize the paths from x to z as p 1 ∪ p 2  p 3 . Equivalently  , an expression is deterministic if the Glushkovconstruction translates it into a deterministic finite automaton rather than a non-deterministic one 15 . A walk expression is a regular expression without union  , whose language contains only alternating sequences of node and edge types  , starting and ending with a node type. It uses a data model where walks are the basic objects. Concatenation   , alternation  , and transitive closure are interpreted as function composition  , union  , and function transitive closure respectfully. us* as part of a GRE query on a db-graph labelled with predicate symbol r. The following Datalog program P is that constructed from the expression tree of R. Consider the regular expression R = ~1 us . Theregn.larexptekonmustbechoseninsuchawaythat itdefinesaconnectedgtaph ,thatis ,apathtype. A path type is a quadruple G  , p  , s  , F where  Bssentially a link expression LE is a regular expression over class names which must belong to link classes. The state machine inside the rule is instantiated for different client/server combinations and is the rule's memory. An element definition specifies a pair consisting of an element name and a constraint. The offer expression stands out with relatively good precision for a single feature. The results also show that the regular expression and statistical features e.g. , proportion of upper case characters that we tested are not good indicators of spam. We will generate candidate URL patterns by replacing one segment with a regular expression each time. Step 1: Segment the non-domain part of each URL with " / " . From these  , URLs were extracted using a simple regular expression . We used 'http' as the keyword to target only tweets containing links. We now define its semantics. An extended context-free grammar d is a set of rules that map each m ∈ M to a regular expression over M . The terminal symbols are primitive design steps. Williams 1988   , for example  , illustrates how JSD could be defined as a regular expression see  , Figure 9b. Our work is capable of locating more complex properties. When viewed as a specification pattern  , these rules take the form of the regular expression a + b. For guard inference we choose a finite set of regular expression templates . 3 Σ * AB: The last two actions taken are A and B. We extracted around 8.8 million distinctive phone entity instances and around 4.6 million distinctive email entity instances. They are extracted based on a set of regular expression rules. The regular expression in this example is a sequence of descriptors. Recall that ROOTS is the set of edges from ²ÖÓÓØ to roots in the semistructure. ate substrings of the example values using the structure. A regular expression domain can infer a structure of $0-9 ,Parsing is easy because of consistent delimiter. A substring of the elementtext of an HTML tree is denoted as string source. This template can be utilized to identify other classes of transaction annotators. The regular expression is evaluated over the document text. A key aspect in identifying patient cohorts is the resolution of demographic information. Gender and ethnicity is extracted using a set of regular expression rules. Comments represent a candidate items. Useful information  , including name  , homepage  , rate and comment  , should be separated from web pages by regular expression. Both can be applied for annotating a text document automatically. The GoldenGATE editor natively provides basic NLP functionality like gazetteer Lists and Regular Expression patterns. \Ye note that the inverse in the above expression exists a t regular points. The time derivative of the fuiiction is where b is arbitrary. It consisted of several regular expression operations without any loops or branches. However  , the code we wrote for bobWeather was straightforward . We discuss the method used to obtain accepting regular expressions as well as the ranking heuristics below. The final output is the quantified expression Q.g re . In contrast  , our goal in this paper is to infer the more general class of deterministic expressions . Example of the possible rule: person_title_np = listi_personWord src_  , hum_Cap2+ src_  , $setHUM_PERSON/2 Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. We apply the concepts of modular grammar and just-in-time annotation to RegExprewrite rules. We assign scores to each entity extracted  , and rank entities according to their scores. A text window surrounding the target citation  ,  We then wrote a regular expression rules to extract all possible citations from paper's full text. Moreover  , no elements are repeated in any of the definitions. It is interesting to note that only the regular expression for authors is not a CHARE. Results are not displayed in the browser assistant but in the browser itself. This is a database querying facility  , with regular expression search on titles  , comments and URLs. Slurp|bingbot|Googlebot. 2 In addition  , we removed all requests that supposedly come from web bots  , using the regular expression . *Yahoo! For example  , the first row describes an example pattern to identify candidate transactional objects . One path corresponds to one capturing group in the regular expression indicated with parentheses. There is one mapping path in the example. For example  , the Gnutella data download signature can be expressed as: 'ˆServer:|User-Agent: \t*LimeWire| BearShare|Gnucleus|Morpheus|XoloX| gtk-gnutella|Mutella|MyNapster|Qtella| AquaLime|NapShare|Comback|PHEX|SwapNut| FreeWire|Openext|Toadnode' Due to the fact that it is expensive to perform full regular expression matches over all TCP payloads we exploit the fact that the required regular expression matches are of a limited variety. Using this approach all variable matches we need to perform can be expressed as a regular expression match over TCP payloads. The argument to the PATH-IS function is a regular expression made up from operation names. This pattern may be repeated any number of times. Attk is a regular expression represented as a DFA. Sink denotes the nodes that are associated with sensitive functions that might lead to vulnerabilities . The sentence chains displayed include a node called notify method. Thus  , the developer decides to perform a regular expression query for *notif*. Match chooses a set of paths from the semistructure that match a user-given path regular expression . Several new operations are needed to manipulate labels with properties. On this corpus  , we target at two entity types: phone and email. The other characters are used as delimiters between tokens. Internal link checks are not yet implemented. Possibilities are  , for instance  , to use the current projects base URI or regular expression-based techniques. Finally  , all other numbers are identified with an in-house system based on regular expression grammars. Temporal entities and percents are recognized with the Alembic system 1. Possible patterns of references are enumerated manually and combined into a finite automaton. Notice that a regular expression has an equivalent automaton. Intent generation and ranking. We tag entities using a regular expression tagger  , a trie-based tagger and a scalable n-gram tagger 14. Nonetheless  , POS tags alone cannot produce high-quality results. Many works on key term identification apply either fixed or regular expression POS tag patterns to improve their effectiveness . By correlating drive-by download samples  , we propose a novel method to generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs to detect drive-by downloads. A conversation specification for S is a specification S e.g. , by regular expression  , finite state automaton  , intertask dependencies  , etc. Let S = M  , P  , C be an ec-schema. Therefore we believe that the required amount of manual work for developers is rea- sonable. However  , this approach ends up being very inefficient due to the implementation of preg_match in PHP. Changing to the push model would likely require modifications to the notification mechanism. Generating the full question was done in the following way: We start with the original question. and generating full questions is based on regular expression rewriting rules. We use WordNet and some Web resources to find list of entities and tag their type. Think of a tool that marks up dates. Parsing is doable despite no good delimiter . We now detail the procedure used to generate a pattern that represents a set of URLs. In a work by Murphy et al. In the first attempt  , we defined three different detection methods: maximum entropy  , regular expression  , and closed world list. Therefore  , each data category is associated with a detection method. Note: schema:birthDate and schema:deathDate are derived from the same subfield using the supplied regular expression. Creative- Work " implies all schema.org children  , such as Book  , Map  , and MusicAlbum. New features integrate easily through a resource manager interface. REFERENCE The result shows that the structure completely supports regular expression functions and the Snort rule set at the frequency of 3.68GHz. In order to implement the match-and-block and matchand-sanitize strategies we need to generate code for the match and replace statements. Second  , the editing is often conditional on the surrounding context. First  , the string being searched for is often not constant and instead requires regular expression matching. Moves consist of matching case  , matching whole word  , Boolean operator  , wild card  , and regular expression. The " keyword " problem space's states are all search strings and search results. The distribution of hosts in the initial URL set are illustrated in Figure 2 . Rewrite Operation and Normalization Rule. For each node  , both the key-value pairs and the regular expression of the corresponding URL pattern are illustrated. For a variable  , we can specify its type or a regular expression representing its value. The specification consists of two parts: specification of variables and functions. We build a system called ARROW to automatically generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs and evaluate the effectiveness of these signa- tures. Compared to these methods   , ARROW mainly differentiates itself by detecting a different attack a.k.a  , drive-by download. The generated predicate becomes two kinds of the following. Moreover  , these are expressed by the data type and the regular expression of XML schema. Cho and Rajagopalan build a multigram index over a corpus to support fast regular expression matching 9 . The most related work is in the area of index design. defined in Section II-D with each g re from the set of regular expression templates RELib˜pRELib˜ RELib˜p . Having identified a set of constraints This involves redefining how labels are matched in the evaluation of an expression . Second  , path regular expressions must be generalized to support labels with properties and required properties. These candidate phrases could eventually turn out to be true product names. Candidate phrases are phrases that match a pre-defined set of regular expression patterns. * ?/ in Perl regular expression syntax for the abbreviation î that is used to search a database of known inflected forms of Latin literature. /. * ?i. We are currently working on improving class membership detection. The quantifier defines how many nodes within the set must be connected to the single node by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. A set regular path query Q Ξ‚ Ð R describes a relation between a set and a single node  , based on a regular expression R together with an quantifier Ξ. For clarity we used the types regular-dvd and discount-dvd rather than the cryptic types dvd 1 and dvd 2 of Example 3. Intuitively  , a dvd element is a regular-dvd discount-dvd when its parent label is regulars discounts; its content model is then determined by the regular expression title price title price discount. Regular expressions can express a number of strings that the be language cannot  , but be types can be generated from type recognizers that can be far more complex than regular expressions. The resulting  , much smaller  , document set is then examined with a full-power regular expression parser. Moreover  , we show that each regular XPATH expression can be rewritten to a sequence of equivalent SQL queries with the LFP operator. We show that regular XPATH queries are capable of expressing a large class of XPATH queries over a recursive DTD D. That is  , regular XPATH expressions capture both DTD recursion and XPATH recursion in a uniform framework. In the current framework  , using XPath as a pattern language  , the SDTD of Example 3 is equivalent to the following schema: Here  , Types = {discount-dvd  , regular-dvd}. The quantifier defines to how many nodes from the set the single node must be connected by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. A set regular path query Q ‚Ξ Ð R describes a relation between a single node and a set  , based on a regular expression R together with a quantifier Ξ. The quantifiers define how many nodes from within the " left " set must be connected to how many nodes from the " right " set by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. A set regular path query Q ΞΨ Ð R describes a relation between two sets  , based on a regular expression R together with two quantifiers Ξ and Ψ. However  , RML provides in addition an operator for transitive closure  , an operator for regular-expression matching   , and operators for comparison of relations  , but does not include functions. The core construct of the language is the relational expression   , which is similar to an expression in first-order predicate logic. In general  , l in Definition 3.1 could be a component of a generalized path expression  , but we have simplified the definition for presentation purposes in this paper. Also  , a simple path expression may contain a regular expression or " wildcards " as described in AQM + 97. To define when a region in a tokenized table T is valid with respect to content expression ρ  , let us first introduce the following order on coordinates. ε and ∅ are two atomic regular expressions denoting empty string and empty set resp. A path expression of type s  , d  , P Es  , d  , is a triple s  , d  , R  , where R is a regular expression over the set of labeled edges Γ ,EG defined using the standard operators union∪  , concatenation and closure *  such that the language LR of R represents paths from s to d where s  , d ∈ VG. In practice  , many regular expression guards of transactions are vacuous leading to a small number of partitions. As described in the preceding  , H p is the set of minimal DFAs accepting the regular expression guards of the various roles of different transactions played by class p. Note that the maximum number of behavioral partitions does not depend on the number of objects in a class. An attribute condition is a triple specifying a required name  , a required value a string  , or in case the third parameter is regvar  , a regular expression possibly containing some variables indicated by \var  , and a special parameter exact  , substr or regvar  , indicating that the attribute value is exactly the required string  , is a superstring of it  , or matches the given regular expression  , respectively. They pose requirements on occurring attributes and their values. However  , allowing edit operations such as insertions of symbols and inverted symbols indicated by using '−' as a superscript to the symbol and corresponding to matching an edge in the reverse direction  , each at an assumed cost of 1  , the regular expression airplane can be successively relaxed to the regular expression name − · airplane · name  , which captures as answers the city names of Temuco and Chillan. The query does not return any answers because it does not match the structure of the graph. In particular all of the signatures we need to evaluate can be expressed as stringset1. To do this  , we used a regular expression to check the mention of contexts in the document – that is  , the pair city  , state mentioned above –  , along with another regular expression checking if the city was mentioned near another state different from the target state. We decided not to keep such documents as they could potentially consist of lists of city names  , which we believe would provide zero interest to any user. In this section we will introduce the notion of the approximate automaton of a regular expression R: the approximate automaton of R at distance d  , where d is an integer  , accepts all strings at distance at most d from R. For any regular expression R we can construct an NFA M R to recognise LR using Thompson's construction. The following lemma shows two basic properties of the approximate automaton. Thus we have arrived at the following method for detecting anomalies in a program with flowchart G. Let R be the regular expression for the paths in G. R may be mapped into an expression E in A where the node identifiers are replaced by the elements of A that represent the variable usage. The next section discuss some properties of A; after which two methods of using A are presented that do not require that the regular expression for the paths be computed explicitly. Paraphrasing  , INSTANCE matches each optional sequence of arbitrary characters ¥ w+ tagged as a determiner DT  , followed optionally by a sequence of small letters a-z + tagged as an adjective JJ  , followed by an expression matching the regular expression denoted by PRE  , which in turn can be optionally followed by an expression matching the concatenation of MID and POST. 2 Then we split the text into sentences and interpret as an instance every string which matches the following pattern:  These expressions are intended to be interpreted as standard regular expressions over words and their corresponding part-of-speech tags  , which are indicated in curly brackets. The outcome is that entities which share the same normal form characterized by a sequence of token level regular expressions may all be grouped together. That is  , each of these normalization rules takes as input a single token and maps it to a more general class  , all of which are accepted by the regular expression. Definition 2. Since deterministic regular expressions like a * define infinite languages  , and since every non-empty finite language can be defined by a deterministic expression as we show in the full version of this paper 9  , it follows that also the class of deterministic regular expressions is not learnable in the limit. In the second phase  , navigation pattern generation  , the goal is to create a generic representation of the TPM. In fact  , he showed that every class of regular expressions that contains all non-empty finite languages and at least one infinite language is not learnable in the limit from positive data. Recall that the PATH-IS function accepts an argument which is a regular expression  , say R. It turns out that it has an implicit formal parameter s which is a string made up by concatenating integers between 1 and m. Therefore  , the PATH-IS function really denotes the following question: Does s belong to the regular set R ? q~.0 ,~.l ,. We are however not interested in abstract structures like regular expressions   , but rather in structures in terms of user-defined domains . This is similar to the problem of inferring regular expression structures from examples  , that has been addressed in the machine learning literature e.g. , 20  , 5 . In contrast  , the methods in 9  first generate a finite automaton for each element name which in a second step is rewritten into a concise regular expression. XTract 25  , 36 generates candidate regular expressions for each element name selecting the best one using the Minimum Description Length MDL principle. In examples  , we use the short hand a → r to define the rule a  , //a ⇒ r specifying that the children of every aelement should match regular expression r. Example 5. An SDTD is restrained competition iff all regular expressions occurring in rules restrain competi- tion. A regular expression r over Types restrains competition if there are no strings wa i v and wa j v ′ in Lr with i = j. The present paper presents a method to reliably learn regular expressions that are far more complex than the classes of expressions previously considered in the literature. So  , the effectiveness of DTD or XSD schema learning al-gorithms is strongly determined by the accuracy of the employed regular expression learning method. Without loss of generality   , we assume that the server name is always given as a single regular expression. A server name directive that may contain one or more fully qualified domain names or regular expressions defining a class of domain names. In this paper  , we take an approach of normalizing entity names based on " token level " regular expressions. Each rule is represented by a regular expression  , and to the usual set of operators we added the operator →  , simple transduction  , such that a → b means that the terminal symbol a is transformed into the terminal symbol b. These rules are specified using a finite-state grammar whose syntax is similar to the Backus-Naur-form augmented with regular expressions. In order to study whether those results are meaningful  , we pick the regular expression CPxxAI as an example and search sequence alignments where the pattern appears. The word pairs with highest association scores are {AI+4  , CP+0}  , {PG- 1 ,GH+0}  , {EE-4 ,EL-3} and the corresponding regular expressions are CPxxAI  , PGH  , EEL. The edit operations which we allow in approximate matching are insertions  , deletions and substitutions of symbols  , along with insertions of inverted symbols corresponding to edge reversals and transpositions of adjacent symbols  , each with an assumed cost of 1. Keeping this in mind  , we briefly cite the well-known inductive definition of the set of regular expressions EXP T over an alphabet T and their associated languages: Now we are ready for motivating our choice to capture the semantics of ODX by regular grammars. To round out the OM regex  , regular expressions that simulate misspellings by vowel substitutions e.g. , luv as well as regular expressions for capturing compound morphing are constructed from HF and Wilson terms  , applied to the LF term set  , and refined iteratively in a manner similar to the repeat-character refinement steps describe above. For write effects  , we give the starting points for both objects and the regular expressions for the paths. We use the notation that af denotes the class in which the field f is declared as an instance variable  , and For read or role transition effects  , we record the starting point and regular expression for the path to the object. A good analogy for path summarization is that of representing the set of strings in a regular language using a regular expression. We use the term " summaries " to imply a concise representation of path information as opposed to an enumerated listing of paths. Although the successful inference of the real-world expressions in Section 5.1 suggests that iDRegEx is applicable in real-world scenarios  , we further test its behavior on a sizable and diverse set of regular expressions. Examples of patterns that we used are given below using the syntax of Java regular expressions 9: Essentially  , these patterns match titles that contain phrases such as " John Smith's home page "   , " Lenovo Intranet "   , or " Autonomic Computing Home " . LAt extracts titles from web pages and applies a carefully crafted set of regular expression patterns to these titles. By considering traces that are beyond the current historical data  , the ranking criteria rank impl and rank lkl encourage the reuse of regular expressions across multiple events in the mined specification. With these heuristics we aim for an accurate regular expression that is also simple and easy to understand. Column and table names can be demoted into column values using special characters in regular expressions; these are useful in conjunction with the Fold transform described below. We provide built-in functions for common operations like regular-expression based substitutions and arithmetic operations  , but also allow user defined functions. In 45   , several approaches to generate probabilistic string automata representing regular expressions are proposed. As an example  , figure references in the example collection see Figure 3 are 5-digit numbers which are easily recognizable by a simple regular expression. In cases where the semantic entities has a simple form  , writing hand-crafted rules in the form of regular expressions can be sufficient for capturing entities in the source documents. The authors showed that in general case finding all simple paths matching a given regular expression is NP-Complete  , whereas in special cases it can be tractable. The complexity of finding regular paths in graphs was investigated in 15 and 7. Instead  , for technical reasons  , we define the semantics of an ODX ECU-VARIANT directly as a pair of regular grammars G A  ,G C  generating sets A and C. We generate the domain names for the hostnames and replace HIC1 using the domain names and IP addresses to get the regular expression signatures. Briefly  , the simplest and most practical mechanism for recognizing patterns specified using regular expressions is a Finite State Machine FSM. Both steps rely primarily on checking for the existence of positive patterns and verifying the absence of negative patterns Figure 2and 3. The path search uses the steps from the bidirectional BFS to grow the frontiers of entities used to connect paths. Such queries can be implemented using the general FORSEQ clause by specifying the relevant patterns i.e. , regular expressions in the WHERE clause of the general FORSEQ expression. In those use cases  , regular expressions are needed in order to find patterns in the input stream. Figure 7shows the distribution of question deletion initiator moderator or author on Stack Overflow. We download the unique web pages of deleted questions in our experimental dataset and employ a regular expression to extract this information. Christian   , Liberal  , sometimes we had to use regular expression matching to extract the relevant information. Although the great majority of users simply have the typical religion/party/philosophy names in those fields e.g. For the above example  , the developers compute the regular expression once and store it into a variable: The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. , through memoization 42. The Operator calculates which HTTP requests should have their responses bundled and is called when the Tester matches a request. The Tester is a set of regular expression patterns that match the URL of the first request in an SHRS. Finally  , the Analyzer generates code for the Operator that uses the regular expression http://weather ?city=. So  , the approach determines that h2 and h3 are decisive semi-constant HTTP requests. The input to this pre-condition computation will be a DFA that accepts the attack strings characterized by the regular expression given above. The crucial step is the precondition computation for the statement in line 4. tion is equally likely and the probability to have zero or one occurrences for the zero-or-one operator  ? In particular  , each operand in a Figure 4 : From a regular expression to a probabilistic automaton. Our position is that the declarations needed for regular expression types are too complex  , with little added practical value in terms of typing. For example   , " Sequence<item+> " would refer to a list of one-or-more items.  The output of some string operations is reasonably approximated by a regular expression. Any pushdown transducer is conservatively approximated by a transducer that forgets the stack of the pushdown transducer. Our analyzer dynamically constructs the transducers described above for a grammar with regular expression functions and translates it into a context-free grammar. Then  , the method above is applied for each pattern string. For some applications  , the running time performance of the SSNE detector can be a crucial factor. As we can see  , the proposed approach is an order of magnitude faster than the production quality regular expression solution. Next  , we replace the digits in the candidate with a special character and obtain a regular expression feature. For these candidates  , we first create features based on the terms found in the context window. LAt is inspired by our earlier observation that page titles are excellent navigational features. In order to identify class names in the first group  , we can additionally match different parts of the package name of the class in documents. The regular expression code for matching each part of package names is: Label matching in existing semistructured query languages is straightforward. The label matching operation is then incorporated into an Match operation to match a path regular expression to paths in the semistructure. An alternative query expression mechanism appeared in 3  , where regular expressions were used to represent mobility patterns. When a temporal constraint is empty  , ordering will be implied by the actual position of the associated predicate in the query sequence. As such  , any mapping from histories to histories that can be specified by an event expression can be executed by a finite automaton. Event expressions have the same expressive power as regular expressions. Bindings link to a PatternParameter and a value through the :parameter and :bindingValue properties respectively. Operator  , Resource  , Property or Class and the optional :constraintPattern for a regular expression constraint on the parameter values. We also allow for approximate answers to queries using approximate regular expression matching. Notice that for k = |E| 2   , the approximate answer is equal to the approximate top-k answer. Further examples are shown in Figure 2. No suggestion provided by the spell-checker matches the regular expression generated by aligned outputs  , thus the word is correctly left unchanged. The first case reflects when a correct morphological variant is not present in the spell-checker word list. The creation and distribution of potentially new publicly available information on Twitter is called tweeting. In the data of all tweets  , a retweet can be recognized if it is a regular expression of the kind RT {user name}:{text}. 7+ is the operator of a regular expression meaning at least one occurrence. Since questions are typically one sentence long and contain fewer words than answers  , we only apply pruning on answer passages. The typing rules should be improved to deal with precise type expressions as in the previous version of the  With the improvement  , the function body is well- typed. The an* expresses all sequences that have exactly one ui. That is  , when 2T-INF derives the corresponding SOA no edges are missing. We use the following approach: we start by generating a representative sample set for a regular expression . If f was neither a proposition nor a structured pattern  , we checked how many content words in f had appeared in previous features. If f was a structured pattern  , we checked if previous features used the same regular expression. In addition there are 9 lexicon lists including: LastNames  , FirstNames  , States  , Cities  , Countries  , JobTitles  , CompanyNameComponents  , Titles   , StreetNameComponents. Approximately 100 simple regular expression features were used  , including IsCapitalized  , All- Caps  , IsDigit  , Numeric  , ContainsDash  , EndsInPeriod  , ConstainsAtSign  , etc. These patterns are written in a regular-expression-like language where tokens can be: Resporator runs after the previously described annotators   , so quantities that the other annotators detect can be represented as quantities in the Resporator patterns. For SD the only feature of interest is the objecttext – i.e. , the text that describes the software name e.g. , Acrobat Reader and Chapter . Each pattern comprises a regular expression re and a feature f . The parsers are regular expression based and capable of parsing a single operation. We wrote a parser combinator to parse an SVG path into a sequence of underlying operations . Finally  , a sequence of upper characters in the fullname UN is compared to a sequence of upper characters in the abbreviations. Then  , a regular expression is used to extract all abbreviations from the articles. For instance  , unless in expert mode  , options that require a regular expression to be entered are suppressed. Consequently we introduced a user mode which helps limit the number of options shown  , given a particular mode. LSP is composed of lexical entries  , POS tag  , semantic category and their sequence  , and is expressed in regular expression. The conclusion part is the type of answer expected if the LSP in condition part is matched. For example  , a grammar " Figure 1explains the procedures to determine the expected answer type of an input question. We then generalise the string to a suitable regular expression  , by removing stopwords and inserting named entity classes where appropriate. In this example  , the subject is 101 characters from the answer  , and thus the match is accepted. Tools that create structural markup may rely on statistical models or rules referring to detail markup. NER components  , for instance  , might use word structure by means of regular expression patterns or lexicons. Age and gender: Regular expression are used to extract and normalize age and gender information from the documents and queries. Therefore  , we extract the title  , abstract  , text  , tables' captions  , figures' captions and the reference part from the raw data. In particular  , we are working on incorporating shallow semantic parsing of the candidate answers in order to rank them. An example is given below: The outcome is a value close to 1 if the tweet contains an high level of syntactically incorrect content. In order to recognize those dirty text  , we employed regular expression techniques. For Japanese  , we use a regular expression to match sentence endings  , as these patterns are more well defined than in English. For nugget extraction  , we maintain sentences as the text unit. Allowing Variables. The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. The regular expression on line 546 reflects this specification: '\w' represents word characters word characters include alphanumeric characters  , '_'  , and '. The W3C recommendation for HTML attributes specifies that white space characters may separate attribute names from the following '=' character. Christensen et al. designed regular expression types for strings in a functional language with a type system that could handle certain programming constructs with greater precision than had been done before 23. The nonterminals Attr and RelVar refer to any RML identifier; StrLit is a string literal; and regex is a Unix regular expression. The grammar for a simple subset of RML is shown in Figure 2. anchor elements contain a location specifier LocSpec 17  typically identifying a text selection with a regular expression. An anchor element points out the location in a node's content which is source or destination of a link. Annotations are implemented as anchors with a PSpec that describes the type popup  , replace  , prefix   , postfix and text of the annotation. In our study  , we assumed that the data type and data range were similar to a tag that expresses the same meaning. The multigram index is an inverted index that includes postings for certain non-English character sequences. The main instances of static concept location are regular expression matching  , dependency search 2  , and informational retrieval IR techniques 10. While dynamic techniques require execution traces and test suites  , static techniques are based solely on source code. For patterns longer than 50 characters  , this version never reported a match. One version of the regular expression search-and-replace program replace limited the maximum input string to length 100 but the maximum allowed pattern to only 50. For example  , the user can provide an alternating template representing the regular expression ab *   , a program  , and an alphabet of possible assignments. Most previous work has focused on alternating patterns. Composition operators can be seen as deening regular expressions on a set of sequence diagrams  , that will be called references expressions for SDs. This is equivalen t to the expression EnterPassword seq BadPassword. This means that the server might specify the regular expression deliver sell* destroy sell "   , with suitable restrictions on the sell method's time. Interestingly  , the example in 27 actually states that 'Lafter destruction  , earlier transfers sales can still be recorded " . An event pattern is an ordered set of strings representing a very simple form of regular expression. AOs can either subscribe to a specific event or to an event pattern. pred is a function returning a boolean. x ⊕ y concatenates x and y. splitter is a position in a string or a regular expression  , leftx  , splitter is the left part of x after splitting by splitter. We already mentioned that xtract 31 also utilizes the Minimum Description Length principle. In an extreme  , but not uncommon case  , the sample does not even entirely cover the target expression. Unfortunately   , samples to learn regular expressions from are often smaller than one would prefer. For domains with wildcards  , the associated virtual host must use a regular expression that reflects all possible names. The same check applies to every other pair of IP address and port where this certificate is used. Both their and our analyzers first extract a grammar with string operations from a program. Their analyzer approximates the value of a string expression in a Java program with a regular language instead of a context-free language. The input specification is given as a regular expression and describes the set of possible inputs to the PHP program. The analyzer takes two inputs: a PHP program and an input specification. In this section  , we illustrate our string analyzer by examples. Then  , we can check whether the context-free language obtained by the analyzer is disjoint with this set. This regular expression denotes the set of strings that contain the <script> tag. To give the reader some idea  , the regular expression used for phone number detection in Y! Since productionquality detectors need to handle many cases  , the expressions can become more and more complicated. We use capital Greek letters Ξ and Ψ as placeholders for one of the above defined quantifiers. Like RPQs  , all SRPQs are defined by a regular expression R over Σ. Here are some examples from our knowledge base: These patterns are expressed in regular expression. We obtained these structures from the past TREC list questions  , and built a knowledge base for them. There is some useless information about patients' personal detail in the last part of each report  , so we also use regular expression to get and delete them. This tag will be used when building index. The resulting plain text is tokenized using a regular expression that allows words to include hyphens and numeric characters. We strip away all remaining SGML tags and replace Unicode entities by ASCII equivalents or representative strings. To reduce the size of our vocabulary  , we ignore case and remove stopwords . We have extensively tested all of these in extracting links in scholarly works. Extracting URLs using a regular expression regex is not new and the regex 5 used in a previous study 2  by the Los Alamos Hiberlink team. These keyword-list RegExps are compiled manually from various sources. For example  , if the question category is COUNTRY  , then a regular expression that contains a predefined list of country names is fetched  , and all RegExp rewriting is applied to matches. Splitting is made by asking whether a selected feature matches a certain regular expression involving words  , POS and gaps occurring in the TREC-11 question. Each feature corresponds to a sequence of words and/or POS tags. The system finally classifies a visit as male or female. A gender-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for identification of patient's gender mentioned in visits. In test phase  , the sentences retrieved are spitted into short snippets according to the splitting regular expression " ,|-| " and all snippets length should be more than 40. In training phase  , the sentences retrieved are used as train samples. In contrast to our approach  , the xtract systems generates for every separate string a regular expression while representing repeated subparts by introducing Kleene-*. In Section 8  , we make a detailed comparison with our proposal. We do not address xtract as Table 1already shows that even for small data sets xtract produces suboptimal results. More specifically  , it first identifies all the AB-paths L 1   , . It takes as input a DTD graph G D and nodes A and B in G D   , and returns a regular expression recA  , B as output. This syntactical variety of references is represented using an or operator in the regular expression. whereas a reference to a book may be represented author  , author  ,  * : " title "   , publisher  , year. 3-grams CharGrams 3 comes in third with an F1 score of 95.97. Evidentiality We study a simple measure of evidentiality in RAOP posts: the presence of an image link within the request text detected by a regular expression. the " community age " . To improve the generalization ability of our model  , we introduce a second type of features referred to as regular expression regex features: However  , this can cause overfitting if the training data is sparse. Soubbotin and Soubbotin 18 mention different weights for different regular expression matches  , but they did not describe the mechanism in detail nor did they evaluate how useful it is. 9 noted above is an exception. The confidence of a noun phrase is computed using a modified version of Eq. The regular expression states that a noun phrase can be a combination of common noun  , proper noun and numeral  , which begins with common or proper noun. The path expressions can be formed with the use of property names  , their inverses  , classes of properties  , and the usual collection of regular expression operators. The default path flags string is " di " . As ongoing research  , it is intended to compare the results of the different detection approaches. To display the according occurrence count behind each term i.e. Any regular expression is allowed; this can be simply a comma or slash for a split pattern or more complex expressions for a match pattern. Documents are segmented into sentences and all sentences from relevant documents are used as nuggets in the learning procedure. and at singular points of codimension 1. provided vector U has components outside the column space of the Jacobian. As concepts are nouns or noun phrases in texts  , only word patterns with the NP tag are collected. Such techniques do not really capture any regularity in the paths within a DOM tree. Otherwise  , one can just compose a regular expression by concatenating all the input strings using the union operator. The method is named SMA-FC  , and it performs a number of scans of the database equals to the number of states of the given regular expression. In Section 4 we introduce another method which instead uses frequency pruning. Allowing variables in our method is achieved by maintaining for each token the list of variables instantiated that it contains. Consider the regular expression AxBx: the patterns ABBB and ACBC are valid with x = B and x = C respectively. These operations Table 1b are more complicated than simple search-and-replace of a constant string by another in two ways. The function stop_xss removes these three cases with the regular expression replacements on lines 531  , 545  , and 551  , respectively. Tabuchi et al. the usual queries that a developer would enter in a search engine. swim is a code generator whose input is a natural language query in English  , such as " match regular expression " or " read text file "   , i.e. One element name is designated as the start symbol. It is customary to abstract DTDs by sets of rules of the form a → r where a is an element and r is a regular expression over the alphabet of elements. The coverage of a target regular expression r by a sample S is defined as the fraction of transitions in the corresponding Glushkov automaton for r that have at least one witness in S. Definition 6. In Section 5 we will discuss a possible spectrum of validators . Different solutions can be implemented: from regular expression matching to search over predefined areas  , up to advanced templating on the informative content of a page. So a different regular expression needs to be developed for every target language and region. Clearly  , the phone number conventions in US are different than in Sweden  , but also in the UK. For example  , the following example  , in the pseudo-regular expression notation of a fictional template engine  , generates a <br> separated list of users: The surprising fact is that these minimal templates can do a lot. We consider detection of cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in PHP programs as the first application of our analyzer. To conduct this security check  , we specify the set of unsafe strings with the following regular expression. Part-Of-Speech POS tags have often been considered as an important discriminative feature for term identification. After pruning these signatures with S benign1   , ARROW produced 2  , 588 signatures including the examples presented in Table 4. By analyzing the URLs for the central servers of these 97 MDNs  , ARROW generated 2  , 592 regular expression b ARROW signatures.  The MOP solution can be generated from its definitioa by using the regular expression for the paths. There are two possibilities for such a general solution tech- nique. The usual valid sequence would be captured by the regular expression deliver sell " destroy . Figure 8shows two examples of the kind of regular expression that our analyses accept as input; to conserve space we have elided the JNI strings used to define calls based on signatures. Properties. In terms of the operations discussed in Section 3.2  , the variable has the following mean- ing. This query sets up a variable Name that ranges over the terminal nodes of paths that match the regular expression movie.stars.name. Collapse combines the properties in labels along a path to create a new label for the entire path. The combinator accepts a sequence of such parsers and returns a new parser as its output. Regular expression patterns are used to identify tags  , references  , figures  , tables  , and punctuations at the beginning or the end of a retrieved passage in order to remove them. To solve the former  , they use a simple regular expression matching strategy  , which does not scale. As in our work  , they also had problems trying to extract information from documents and to identify documents that contain publications. Note that  , some references may have been cited more than once in the citing papers. A total of 168 ,554 citation contexts were extracted from the full-text publications by using regular expression   , which come from unique 93 ,398 references. The results fall within our expectations since this is our first TREC participation and we could devote only a minimal number of person-hours to the project. An age-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for the identification of de-identified age groups mentioned in visits. Patient demography identification task identifies patient's age and gender indicated within the visit. Since such expressions often have many variations  , we used regular expressions rather than exhaustive enumeration to extract them from the text. The expression " computer makers such as Dell and IBM " specifies that Dell is a computer maker. Two propositions are considered equivalent if they have the same verb  , the same roles and the same head-noun for each role. The regular expression for word specifies a non-empty sequence of alphanumerics  , hyphens or apostrophes  , while the sentence recognize simply looks for a terminating period  , question mark  , or exclamation point. ENUM " between slashes. All the other classes use internal recognize functions. For example  , the atleast operator provides a compact representation of repetitions that seems natural even to someone not familiar with regular expression notation. SVC is designed to make it easy and natural to express shape queries.  The percentage of white space from the first non-white space character on can separate data rows from prose. All space characters is a feature of a line that would match the regular expression ^\s*$  , a blank line. The user queries recommendations by filling in a form  , indicating a list of criteria. Figure 3depicts an example of a finite automaton for both references to an article in a journal and a book. These ngram structures can be captured using the following regular expression: Feature Extraction: Extract word-ngram features where n > 1 using local and global frequency counts from the entire transcript. To date  , no transparent syntactical equivalent counterpart is known. Further  , the constraint is semantical in nature  , and therefore it is difficult for the average user to assess whether a given regular expression is deterministic or not. Formally  , let r stand for the regular expression obtained from r by replacing the ith occurrence of alphabet symbol σ in r by σi  , for every i and σ.   , zero-or-more  *   , and oneor-more  +  in the generated expressions is determined by a user-defined probability distribution. Our internal typing rules are predicated on the stronger typing system of XML Schema. Some P2P applications are now using encryption. This step uses Bro 27  , whose signature matching engine generates a signature match event when the packet payload matches a regular expression that is specified for a particular rule. This generates more than 1000 examples positive set in this corpus. So we use the following approach: We run the seed regular expression on the corpus and require occurrence of at least one seed term. We also performed experiments to understand the effect of contextual and regular expression features; the combined set performs best  , as expected. These observations are inline with our intuition and due to space constraints we do not include the results here. The operation model offers guidelines for representing behavioral aspects of a method or an operation in terms of pre-and post-conditions. The life-cycle model uses a regular expression whose alphabet reprc· sents a set of events. In one of the examples we analyzed the vulnerability signature automaton consists of 811 states. More details and limitations of this approach appear in the related work. This is not the shortest  , or best possible query  , but is adequate for the purposes of this discussion. Each citation extracted from the publication text was associated with a reference cited paper ID. Usually  , such patterns take into account various alternative formulations of the same query. Once a question class and a knowledge source have been determined  , regular expression patterns that capture the general form of the question must be written. Still  , the results are indicative for our purposes. The search for product names starts with the generation of a set of candidate phrases. According to the age division standard released by the United Nations we make age into 12 categories. Question parsing and generating full questions is based on regular expression rewriting rules. For example  , chapter/section*/title is expressed as a finite automaton and hence structurally recursive functions in Figure 11. By means of the translation method in 3  , one can easily express any regular path expression in XQuery. prepend d to all structures enumerated above } Figure 4:  with values of constant length. For custom parameterizations like the regular expression inference discussed above  , the user must define the cardinality function based on the parameterization. The description length for values using a structure often reduces when the structure is parameterized. Likewise a domain can accept all strings by default  , but parameterize itself by inferring a regular expression that matches the subcomponent values. Value Translation The Format transform applies a function to every value in a column. Taken together  , our approach works as follows. A complex query may be transformed into an expression that contains both regular joins and outerjoins. Finally  , GANS87 does not describe tactics that mix joins and outerjoins  , as we do. of edge labels is a string in the language denoted by the regular expression R appearing in Q. Figure 2: Query to find cities connected by sequences of flights with at most two airlines. However  , in ARC-programs what is more important is the means by which bindings are propagated in rules. Recall that X is the source variable  , Y is the sink variable   , and the variables in v are the regular expression variables. A possibility is to create a regular expression using the recipes as examples. As ωn represents a fragment of one of the source columns B k being copied  , we need a model for the copying operation. Therefore  , we replace the equivalence with a weaker condition of similarity. Also  , the content equivalence condition appears to be too strong as it fails to merge nonterminals whose right parts are instances of one regular expression. The text part of a message can be quallfled aocordlng to a regular expressIon of strlngs words  , oomblnatlons of words present In them. Thls approach works well for text. In this section we employ a graph-rewriting approach to transform a SOA to a SORE. As every node carries a unique regular expression  , we can identify a vertex v by its label r = λv. We experimentally address the question of how many example strings are needed to learn a regular expression with crx and iDTD. Each example token sequence was analyzed with a set of ad hoc features. The test document collection is more than one hundred thousand electronic medical reports. A candidate item is downloaded means web pages related to the suggestion are downloaded. For example  , for Paraphrase-Abbreviation questions for example  , " What is the abbreviation for the United Nations "   , it retrieves all articles in which the fullname United Nations appears. The two NLP tools required by this system are: recognition of basic syntactic phrases  , i.e. For each candidate object  , ObjectIdentifier evaluates patterns comprising features in portions of the web page that are pertinent to the candidate object. This occurs because  , during crawling  , only the links matching the regular expression in the navigation pattern are traversed. Notice that  , in all cases  , the numbers in the " Crawling " column are smaller than the numbers in the " Generation " column. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. Instead of that approach  , domain experts check the correctness and summaries the rules where mistakes happen. In addition  , it extends the lexica dynamically as it finds new taxonomic names in the documents. It is both rule-and dictionary-based  , using regular expression patterns for the rules. Second  , user-defined external ontologies can be integrated with the system and used in concept recognition. First  , we have implemented generic non-ontological extraction components such as person name identifier and regular expression extractor. If there exists an instance with the same name  , the user can tell whether the newfound name refers to an existing instance or to a new one. They are intended to specify the semantics of the path between a pair of resources. Our approach enables users to use whatever tools they are comfortable using. Other approaches such as D2RQ offer a limited set of built-in functions e.g. , concatenation  , regular expression that can be extended by writing Java classes. Generators hold a dct:description  , a sparql query :generator- Sparql and a link to a pattern :basedOnPattern. counting support for possible valid patterns. First  , it can be difficult to find a valid replacement value for a non-Boolean configuration option  , such as a string or regular expression. There are two major challenges that prevent these dynamic analyses from being used. The editor can convert the symptom into a regular expression  , thereby stripping out all the irrelevant parts of the symptom. The symptom is usually an error message of some sort. The former corresponds to method behavior of the GIL0-2 class and the latter to the GIL0-2 collaboration. In these cases  , we suggest that the user should consider data consistency check as an alternative. The domain specification thus defines a value set for an ADT. The domain specification is a regular expression whose atoms are ADTs in the library or ADT instantiation parameters of the ADT being defined. Table 3summarizes the number of HTTPTraces included in each data set described above  , indicating a large-scale evaluation of the ARROW system. For each regular expression in RT  we construct the corresponding nondeterministic finite automaton NDFA using Thomson's construction 13. Note that RT  gives us an effective procedure for constructing the transaction automaton. If none of the above heuristics identifies a merge  , we mark the pull request as unmerged. The regular expression code for matching each part of package names is: This method can also be used to identify classes sharing the same name but belonging to two different packages. In the CAR example  , assume methods to deliver it to the dealer  , to sell a car  , and to destroy it. More detail about the concerns selected is available elsewhere 9. For instance  , one concern selected in gnu.regexp captured code related to the matching of a regular expression over input spanning multiple lines. But even these cannot always be used to split unambiguously. However these tools often require sophisticated specification of the split  , ranging from regular expression split delimiters to context free grammars. However  , to capture semantics  , an expression language is needed  , such as some form of logic predicate calculus  , description logic  , algebra relational algebra  , arithmetic  , or formal language regular expressions  , BNF. Graphs and sets can describe the syntax of models and mappings. PROOF: By reduction from the problem of deciding whether a regular expression does not denote 0'  , which is shown to be NP-complete in StMe731. These fields were identified using regular expression and separated using end of the section patterns. We divide each document into 9 sections to perform fielded search  , assuming that queries contain parts relevant to varying sections in the documents. In addition to the regular expression syntax  , means for accessing WordNet and statistical PPA resolver plugins were introduced. We have developed a comprehensive set of rules for parsing the lexicalized chain  , classifying modifiers by type  , and building parsing tree. Then  , we take all combination of continuous snippets as candidate answer sentences. Surface text pattern matching has been adopted by some researchers Ravichandran & Hovy 2002  , Soubbotin 2002 in building QA system during the last few years. The following regular expression list is a sample of answer patterns to question type " when_do_np1_vp_np2 " . Some questions contains more than one noun phrase  , we number these noun phrases according to their orders in the questions. We modified the scoring scripts to provide both strict and lenient scores. All results  , in the form of question  , docid  pairs were automatically scored using NIST-supplied scripts designed to simulate human judgments with regular expression patterns. 10 reported an ontology-based information extraction system  , MultiFlora. Among other things  , NeumesXML includes a regular-expression grammar that decides whether NEUMES transcriptions are 'well-formed'. NeumesXML is defined by an XML Schema  , which has powerful capabilities for data constraints that XML DTD lacks. We then wrote a regular expression rules to extract all possible citations from paper's full text. In this graph  , we extracted 28 ,013 publications' text  , including titles  , abstracts  , and full text. However  , they do not deal with the latter problem  , suggesting further investigation as future work. Question type classification was done using a regular expression based classifier and LingPipe was used as the named entity recogniser. For each of the questions  , only the top 50 documents were used.   , two extraction components for non-ontological entities have been implemented: person name extractor for Finnish language and regular expression extractor. Expressions can be utilized to find literal values or potential new instances from the document. To avoid unnecessary traversals on the database during the evaluation of a path expression  , indexing methods are introduced 15  , 16. Regular path expressions are used to represent substructures in the database. Consider finding the corresponding decade for a given year. the given regular expression R patterns contained in the sequence. The the main idea is to start checking the constraint since the reading of the input database  , producing for each sequence in the database  , all and only the valid w.r.t. It is typical in the biological or chemical domains  , to have interesting patterns that contain holes  , i.e. , positions where any symbol can be placed. In 14  , the authors present the X-Scan operator for evaluating regular path expression queries over streaming XML data. There has also been some work on the notion of converting path expression queries into state machines has been previously proposed in 3 ,14. The inference module identifies the naming parts of the clustered join points  , forms a regular expression for each set of naming parts  , and finally outputs the pointcut expression by combining the individual expressions with the pointcut designator generated by the designator identifier. The designator identifier in the module identifies the type of designators such as execution and call for the join points. The inference module also provides an additional testing mechanism to verify the strength of the inferred pointcuts. The history in the context of which an event expression is evaluated provides the sequence of input symbols to the automaton implementing the event expression. Since event expressions are equivalent to regular expressions  , except for E which is not expressible using event expressions 9  , it is possible to " implement " event expressions using finite automata. With these operations  , the regular expression can be treated just like an arithmetic expression to generate the summary function  , which was done to generate the table of solution templates in Appendix B. The three formulae shown above define two binary and one unary operation on YxV. The query language is based on a hyperwalk algebra with operations closed under the set of hyperwalks. However  , there is one important restriction of such XPath views: The XPath expression in the comparison has to be exactly the same as the view XPath expression. Note that this type of XPath views can also be considered as a regular value index. The type of RegExp used depends on the question category and may be a simple keyword-based RegExp or a sophisticated multi-RegExp expression. The latter quantity is defined as the length of the regular expression excluding operators  , divided by its kvalue . A final perspective is offered in Table 4which shows the success rate in function of the average states per symbol κ for an expression. This expression can be evaluated to a mathematical formula which represents any arbitrary reachability property. In 11 Daws proposed a procedure to first convert the DTMC into a finite automaton from which it is possible to obtain a corresponding regular expression. In order to translate an extended selection operation u7 ,ee into a regular algebraic expression  , we have to break down the operation into parts  , thereby reducing the complexity of the selection predicate $. The idea behind this rule is as follows: We construct an algebraic expression el representing {To foZ ,/ ?r Future work will employ full multi-lingual and diverse temporal expression tagging  , such as that provided by HeidelTime 11  , to improve coverage and accuracy. For the purpose of this work  , we relied on simple temporal expression extraction based on regular expressions. Daws' approach is restricted to formulae without nested probabilistic operators and the outcoming regular expression grows quickly with the number of states composing the DTMC n logn . Given a regular expression pattern and a token sequence representing the web page  , a nondeterministic  , finite-state automaton can be constructed and employed to match its occurrences from the string sequences representing web pages. Similarly  , node 2 has two children for the two occurrences " B 1 C 1 " and " B 2 F 1 " of the expression " BC|F* " . For samples smaller than this critical size  , the relative frequency of cases where the target expression can be successfully recovered decreases as is shown in Figure 4for the expressions example2  , example4  , andà1 and`andà1 a2 + · · · + a12 + a13 + a14 By precalculating the path expression  , we do not have to perform the join at query time. If we could store the results of following the path expression through a more direct path shown in Figure 2b  , the join could be eliminated: SELECT A.subj FROM predtable AS A  , WHERE A.author:wasBorn = ''1860'' Using a vertically partitioned schema  , this author:wasBorn path expression can be precalculated and the result stored in its own two column table as if it were a regular property. The path expression join can be observed through the author and wasBorn properties. The expression E is then evaluated to determine whether or not a data flow anomaly exists. To estimate the selectivity of a query path expression using a summarized path tree  , we try to match the tags in the path expression with tags in the path tree to find all path tree nodes to which the path expression leads. This explains why nodes with regular tags that represent multiple coalesced nodes of the original path tree need to retain both the total frequency and the number of nodes they represent. For example  , for the context Springfield  , IL  , we would include in its corresponding sub-collection all the documents where Springfield and IL are mentioned and only spaces or commas are in between  , however  , a document would not be valid if  , besides Springfield  , IL  , it also contains Springfield  , FL. The operator  , called Topic Closure  , starts with a set X of topics  , a regular expression of metalink types  , and a relation M representing metalinks M involving topics  , expands X using the regular expression and metalink axioms  , and terminates the closure computations selectively when " derived " sideway values of newly " reached " topics either get sufficiently small or are not in the top-k output tuples. We describe this operator within the context of web querying  , and illustrate it for querying the DBLP Bibliography and the ACM SIGMOD Anthology. That is  , the derived topic importance values get smaller than a threshold V t or are guaranteed not to produce top-k-ranking output tuples. Let lt and ls be two leaf nodes matched by two distinct tokens t and s. The node a that is the deepest common ancestor of lt and ls defines a regular expression that matches t and s. The complete procedure for generating an URL pattern is described in Figure 7  , where the symbol "  " is used to denote the string concatenation operation. This property allows us to find a single regular expression that matches all tokens in a same position occurring in a set of URL. Now  , let us consider the evaluation of assertions which involve the use of the PATH-IS function. If there happen to be seven consecutive ups in the history  , SVL will report this single subsequence of length 7 whereas the regular expression would report six different largely overlapping subsequences; there would be three subsequences of length 5  , two subsequences of length 6  , as well as the entire subsequence of length 7. Regular expressions would not be able to eliminate the clutter since they are unable to " look-ahead " to provide contextual information. If a regular expression matched one or more paragraphs  , those paragraphs were extracted for further feature engineering. stemming and capitalization and then converted into a list of 110 regular expressions  , such as: In this example  , a word with the normalized form place  , view  , or use must occur in the same sentence as tool to collect  , and a word with normalized form inform e.g. , information must occur within three words of collect. To infer a DTD  , for example  , it suffices to derive for every element name n a regular expression describing the strings of element names allowed to occur below n. To illustrate  , from the strings author title  , author title year  , and author author title year appearing under <book> elements in a sample XML corpus  , we could derive the rule book → author + title year ? Schema inference then reduces to learning regular expressions from a set of example strings 10  , 12  , 31. that map type names to regular expressions over pairs at  of element names a and type names t. Throughout the article we use the convention that element names are typeset in typewriter font  , and type names are typeset in italic. Then let ρt stand for the ordinary regular expression over element names only that we obtain by removing all types names in the definition of t. For example  , for the XSD in Figure 4we have It was important to make the best use of the previously tagged documents  , and to ensure that regular expressions used by the system were not too specic as to require multiple expressions for a single question construct. The improvement in 16 requires n 3 arithmetic operations among polynomials  , performing better than 11 in most practical cases  , although still leading to a n logn long expression in the worst case. propose a refinement of the approach presented in 11 for reachability formulae which combines state space reduction techniques and early evaluation of the regular expression in order to improve actual execution times when only a few variable parameters appear in the model. In the right-hand side expression of an assignment  , every identifier must either be a relation variable and have been previously assigned a relation  , or it must be a string variable and have been previously assigned a string  , or it must be an attribute that is quantified or occurs free. This is done by converting the distinguished paths of e1 and e2 to regular expressions  , finding their intersection using standard techniques 21  , and converting the intersection back to an XPath expression with the qualifiers from e1 and e2 correctly associated with the merged steps in the intersection. From arbitrary simple XPath expressions e1 and e2  , we can construct an XPath expression e1 ∩ e2 such that for all documents d  , e1d ∩ e2d = e1 ∩ e2d. We can learn an extraction expression  , specifically the regular expression E 1 = α·table·tr·td·font * ·p * ·b·p * ·font *   , from these two paths. In the DOM tree see Figure 2 corresponding to the Web page in Figure 1  , the paths leading to the leaf nodes containing these text strings are α·table·tr·td·font·b·p and α·table·tr·td·p·b·font  , respectively  , where α represents the path string from the root of the DOM tree to the table tag. For example  , the candidate patterns for URL1 are http : Step 2: To determine whether a segment should be generalized  , we accumulate all candidate patterns over the URL database. Note that when these values get instantiated they behave as terminals. refSch := "$ref": "# JPointer" Table 2: Grammar for JSON Schema Documents strSch := "type": "string"   , strRes  * strRes := minLength | maxLength | pattern minLength := "minLength": n maxLength := "maxLength": n pattern := "pattern": "regExp"  represent any possible JSON document and regExp to represent any regular expression. Question mark applied to an atom  , e.g. , knows ? , in regular expression specifies that the edge is optional. Affiliation of a person to a team is represented with the inteam edge  , and social connection is represented with the knows edge in the semantic graph. In addition the iterative method may be used in conjunction with the prime program decomposition to find the data flow value for those prime programs for which the regular expression has not been pre- computed. The iterative method may be used alone for detection of data flow anomalies for an entire program. The primary ways to invoke the JavaScript interpreter are through script URLs; event handlers  , all of which begin with " on " ; and " <script> " tags. Keywords are not considered to be aliases  , but aliases are considered to be keywords  , and thus the union of the set of alias names and the set of keywords constitutes the keywords for the ADT. Let us assume that the attack pattern for this vulnerability is specified using the following regular expression Σ * < Σ * where Σ denotes any ASCII character. In the rest of this section we give an overview of how our approach automatically detects this vulnerability and generates the sanitization statement. For automatic relevance labels we use the available regular expression answer patterns for the TREC factoid questions. Relevance Judgments In our experiment  , the data are labeled for evaluating QA general retrieval in the following two ways: by using the TREC factoid answer patterns  , and  , independently  , manually in order to validate the pattern-based automatic labels. result page  , but depending on the scenario more powerful languages may be needed that take the DOM tree structure of the HTML or even the layout of the rendered page into account. For example  , a simple choice would be to define the start of each attribute that needs to be extracted by evaluating a regular expression on the HTML of the Yahoo! The designated start symbol has only one type associated with it. For notational simplicity  , we denote types for element a by terms a i with i ∈ N. As can be seen in Example 2  , rules are now of the form a i → r  , where r is a regular expression over types also referred to as specializations. To summarize  , we propose to replace the UPA and EDC constraint in the XML Schema specification by the robust notion of 1PPT. In 3 it is even shown that elr can not be defined by any one-unambiguous regular expression. One of the first works to address abusive language was 21  which used a supervised classification technique in conjunction with n-gram  , manually developed regular expression patterns  , contextual features which take into account the abusiveness of previous sentences. One of the contributions of this paper is to provide a public dataset in order to better move the field forward. We augmented some of their P2P signatures to account for protocol changes and some new P2P applications. Christensen  , Møller and Schwartzbach developed a string analyzer for Java  , which approximates the value of a string expression with a regular language 7. The type system was designed for an applied lambda calculus with string concatenation   , and it was not discussed how to deal with string operations other than concatenation. Unrestricted templates are extremely powerful  , but there is a direct relationship between a template's power and its ability to entangle model and view. For example  , the following example  , in the pseudo-regular expression notation of a fictional template engine  , generates a <br> separated list of users: This would also allow to attach other messaging back-ends such as the Java Messaging Service JMS or REST based services 11. In the rare situation that both Basic-and Extended- Transformers are not applicable i.e. , if the transformation requirements cannot be met by neither regular expression nor XSLT  , the VieDAME system allows to configure an external transformation engine such as Apache Synapse 3. This operation eliminates redundant central servers without compromising their coverage  , and thus reduces the total number of signatures and consequently computationally expensive  , regular expression matching operations. The shared central servers are taken as the central servers for the new MDNs  , while the other central servers are discarded . We have shown that the regular expression signatures have a very low false positive rate when compared to a large number of high reputation sites. This problem is generic to any method attempting to solve this problem and is not a reflection of the proposed system. If we enclose lower-level patterns in parentheses followed by the symbol " * "   , the pattern becomes a union-free regular expression without disjunction  , i.e. , union operators. Similarly  , there may not be one pattern with the highest nested-level in the pattern tree. states from which no final states can be reached. For every m ∈ M   , let Dm be the deterministic but perhaps incomplete  finite automaton DFA obtained from the minimized automaton for the regular expression dm after discarding all " dead " states  , i.e. The second part of the regular expression corresponds to random English words added by the attacker to diversify the query results. An example of a query group is inurl:/includes/joomla.php a-z{3 ,7} Here  , the attacker is searching for sites where the URL contains a particular string. Transitions t chk0 and t chk1 detect the condition under which the matching cannot continue e.g. , waiting for the use of a definition that is already been killed and trigger backtracking. States s0-s3 and transitions t0-t3 are determined from the PATTERN clause in a way similar to that of determining FSM states from a regular expression. The developer can begin investigating efficiency in an implementation of the OBSERVER pattern using this kind of query by searching for the regular expression *efficien* to capture nouns involved with both efficiency and inefficiency  , such as efficient  , efficiency  , inefficient  , and inefficiency. This kind of query is used to focus on a particular concept within a pattern. An obvious limitation of this presentation is a lack of context for a sentence matching a query. Whereas a lexical search typically results in a user sequentially visiting each result in the text  , the results of a regular expression search on a DPRG are a graph that presents the information separately from its structure in the document. The user may also be able to assist in narrowing down the alphabet used for obtaining the basic regular expression library. Apart from such automatic methods to discover guards  , user assistance may be sought at this point to determine ideal guards from a shortlist. It would be easy to retrieve that path by using an appropriate regular expression over the name property in each label e.g. , movie.stars.name. To take one example  , consider the path from &movies through &Star Wars IV to the misspelled value Bruce Wilis. Typically  , ÅÅØØØ first chooses a set of paths that match some regular expression  , then the paths are collapsed  , and a property is coalesced from the collapsed paths. In this section  , the È ØØÓÐÐÐÔ×× operation introduced in Section 3.2.1 is trivially generalized to collapse every path in a set of paths. However  , if the specified transforms are directly applied on the input data  , many transforms such as regular-expression-based substitutions and some arithmetic expressions cannot be undone unambiguously – there exist no " compensating " transforms. The ability to undo incorrect transforms is an important requirement for interactive transformation. XTM includes three search functionalities to address the needs of a real-world search system: exact matching  , approximate matching  , and regular expression matching. Due to the massive parallelism available  , the FPGA can perform the searching orders of magnitude more efficiently than a GPP. The result was a large number of question classes with very few instances in them. Our observations for this outcome include that for the models derived from the regular expression style paraphrases for the questions  , the classes were too sparse as the software developed for this task was not able to generalize the patterns enough. Finally  , it produces and returns the resulting regular expression based on case 4 line 17. It identifies all A j nodes shared by some simple cycles line 13 with L i   , and contracts those simple cycles to a single node based on cases 1–3 line 14- 16. loading a page from its URL  , with a 'caching page loader'  , and respectively finding list of URLs from a page with a 'link finder'  , itself an instantiation of a domain-tailored regular expression matching service but we do not show this decomposition. We then choose context-dependent services that meet the resulting signatures  , i.e. The following are 2 examples of such patterns for age and  , respectively  , ethnicity classification: We were able to determine the ethnicity of less than 0.1% users and to find the gender of 80%  , but with very low accuracy . We then matched more than 30 regular expression patterns over the bio field to check if they are effective in extracting classification information. These include the categorization of content instances along given taxonomies  , the creation of taxonomies from given content attribute values  , and the extension of taxonomies by generating more general terms. In more complex cases  , methods of machine learning can be deployed to infer entity annotation rules. Despite its relatively short history  , eXist has already been successfully used in a number of commercial and non-commercial projects. Particularly useful for SozioNet  , eXist also offers query language extensions for index-based keyword searches  , queries on the proximity of terms  , or regular expression based search patterns. The matching check is performed using a non-deterministic finite state machine FSM technique similar to that used in regular expression matching 26. One by one  , each protein in the database is retrieved  , its secondary structure is scanned  , and its information is returned if the secondary structure matches the query sequence. Each secondary structure is input to the FSM one character at a time until either the machine enters a final matching state or it is determined that the input sequence does not match the query sequence. The snapshot  , in contrast  , requires heavy computation even for TempIndex. Although in ToXin we can narrow the search by following only those label paths that match the regular expression in the query  , we still have to compute all continuous paths over them. These common data types are used across different domains and only require one-time static setup– e.g. , writing regular expression scripts to parse the input data and recognize the existence of each feature in the input. In our current design  , except the literal words  , we also adopt common data types  , such as integer   , float  , month  , date and time  , as the features. The highways themselves are defined to be paths over section M@!LEtWltidythe~~behiaddrekeywordoSiS a regular expression &fining a path type which in turn describesasetofpathsofthedambasegraph. Pathtypes alemaeintereshingwheadiff~ttofedgesoccluin agraph. Wewillseeexamplesandamoreprecisedefinition below. Inde&thesecanalsobe'~ " verrexob~tsasnodesin the grapk they are useful to sepamte highway sections with diffmt values of au&l&%3 such as noJunes. There exist two large classes of the SBD systems: rule based and machine learning. We then extracted noun phrases by running a shallow part of speech tagger191  , and labeling as a noun phrase any groups of words of length less than six which matched the regular expression NounlAdjective*Noun. BBN supplied us with an annotated version of the English language portion  , where named entities were marked by the Nymble tagger3  , which identified 184 ,723 unique named entities. For purposes of this research white space is any character matching the regular expression " \s " as defined in the Java pattern class. Common uses are to separate table cells  , indent titles  , indent sub-section data rows and to provide a separation between lines of text. For the non-number entities  , a regular expression is used for each class to search the text for entities. Once the number has been identified  , it is tagged with a NUMEX tag  , and the type field of this tag is set with the appropriate name Figure 6. The product class  , in itself  , is a heterogeneous mix of multiple classes  , depending on the categories they belong to. However  , for this task  , we decided to go with the simpler approach of applying a general set of rules that would capture most common product names with refinement steps specific to the matched regular expression pattern. These questions can be answered by writing a schema that uses information found within the CIA World Factbook. character also deenes a sentence boundary unless the word token appears on a list of 206 common abbreviations or satisses the following awk regular expression: ^A-Za-zzz. A-Za-zzz.+||A-ZZ.||A-Zbcdfghj-np-tvxzz++.$$ The tokenizing routine is applied to each of the top ranked documents to divide it into "sentences". The "." This years' performance reects the addition of the automated expression system  , and the corresponding increase in the 4  , which we feel would be a benecial addition to the overall system architecture. The 2003 results were hindered by the limited development time  , which meant regular expressions were only created for a small subset of question types. They are comprised of cascades of regular expression patterns   , that capture among other things: base noun phrases  , single-level  , two-level  , and recursive noun phrases  , prepositional phrases  , relative clauses  , and tensed verbs with modals. Hildebrandt et al. , 2004 This year we have sixteen classes of patterns. We use a regular expression pattern to test if the document text contains parts that might be geo-coordinates  , but are not marked up accordingly. Thus  , it is not sufficient to check for the presence of respective markup elements to find out if the respective markup step is complete or not. One of the learned lessons of the previous experiments was that the regular expression RegExp substitutions are a very succinct  , efficient  , maintainable  , and scalable method to model many NL subtasks of the QA task. Two novel methods that were explored relied on the notions of modularity and just-in-time sub-grammar extraction. Additionally  , as the result of parsing the questions  , we obtain question category i.e. , the expected answer type  , and some other optional information  , such as type of the relation between the target and the answer. In the case of merger and acquisition deals  , we also identify companies  , names of financial advisors such as investment banks  , dates  , industry sectors. That is  , HybridSeg RW performed better than GlobalSeg RW and HybridSeg POS performed better than GlobalSeg POS on all evaluation metrics. These searching functions are rarely used on the Internet environment; the improvement is seldom used in the Internet. Some string-index technologies  , such as PAT-tree  1 I  , are proposed to improve the performance of various search functions  , such as prefix searching  , proximity searching  , range searching  , longest repetition searching  , most significant and most frequent searching  , and regular expression searching lo. We then ran the test concretely with each segment as the input file and compared its result with the result of the known correct version of grep on the same segment and the same regular expression. For each failing test  , we split the input file into segments comprising 500 lines each. We identified the segment on which the two outputs differed. Observe that this pattern of object creation  , method invocation and field accesses  , summarized as Regex. Matchstring; if getMatch. Success { getMatch. Groups }  , is a common way to use the Match type: the Match. Groups field is only relevant if the input string matched the regular expression  , given by the field Match. Success. Next  , the Groups property of the object is accessed depending on the value of Success. To avoid ambiguity  , we insist that an atom in a domain specification be mentioned at most once. A particular value in the value set is obtained by selecting an ADT for each generic type parameter and a value for each generic value parameter  , expanding the regular expression so that it contains only atoms  , and replacing each atom with a value instance from its ADT. We have also manually investigated many of the signatures and found that they appear to be malicious. Initial template is constructed based on structure of one page and then it is generalized over set of pages by adding set of operators   , if the pages are structurally dissimilar. Template similar to 1  , is a tree-based regular expression learnt over set of structures of pages within a site. These properties may be written in a number of different specification formalisms  , such as temporal logics  , graphical finite-state machines  , or regular expression notations  , depending on the finite-state verification system that is being employed. Instead of specifying the full behavior of the system  , each property may focus on one particular aspect of system behavior. Although there are sometimes theoretical differences in the expressive power of these languages  , these differences are rarely encountered in practice. Method gives access to the methods provided by a compo- nent. These queries range from retrieving all features of an instance to fine-grained queries like searching for all methods that have a particular return type and whose names match a regular expression. This feature container provides standardized means to add and remove features  , and allows queries for a particular feature. Their work is similar to the CA-FSM presented in this paper  , but they handle a wider class of queries  , including those with references. Once all chapter3 elements and figure elements are found  , those two element sets can be joined to produce all qualified chapter3-figure element pairs. For example  , a query with a regular path expression " chapter3/ */figure " is to find all figure elements that are included in chapter3 elements. The first string of the pattern i.e. , the pattern name may end with an asterisk  , while the other strings are either standard strings or strings composed of the single character '_'. If a participant performed a pattern-level query either a regular expression search or a node expansion on a node that was not included in the link level  , the corresponding dot is shown within the pattern-level only. The location of a dot in the graph is based on the type of query that was performed. Expansion of pattern level nodes in the link level are shown in the upper link level area. We check every answer's text body  , and if the text matches one of the answer patterns  , we consider the answer text to be relevant  , and non-relevant otherwise. First  , the extraction rules themselves are expressed in terms of some underlying language that needs to be powerful enough to capture the scenario. The linked geo data extension is implemented in Triplify by using a configuration with regular expression URL patterns which extract the geo coordinates  , radius and optionally a property with associated value and insert this information into an SQL query for retrieving corresponding points of interest. How to publish geo‐data using Triplify ? Densityr #regex successes rate 0.0  , 0.2  Experiments on partially covering samples. The coverage of a target regular expression r by a sample S is defined as the fraction of transitions in the corresponding Glushkov automaton for r that have at least one witness in S. Each rule is structured as: Pattern  , Constraint  , Priority  , where Pattern is a regular expression containing a causality connector  , Constraint is a syntactic constraint on the sentence on which the pattern can be applied  , and Priority is the priority of the rule if several rules can be matched. We constructed a set of rules for extracting a causality pair. Thus  , the crawler follows more links from relevant pages which are estimated by a binary classifier that uses keyword and regular expression matchings. Its crawling strategy is based on the intuition that relevant pages on the topic likely contain links to other pages on the same topic. If the content of a file is needed for character string operations such as a regular expression operation with the preg_match extension  , an FTCS object actually reads the file and stores its content in a form similar to an ordinary character string object. This implementation is transparent to the application program  , and has the same semantics as an ordinary character string object. Example 7 illustrates this for geo-coordinates; we have used the same approach for dates. ■ Second  , to check if a step that marks up distinctively structured parts of the text is complete  , we can use regular expression patterns: The respective XPath test can check if a piece of the document text matches a specific pattern  , but is not marked up accordingly . Summary. The Litowski files contain two pieces of information useful to evaluation: the documents from which answers are derived  , and an answer " pattern "   , expressed as a regular expression  , that maps to a specific answer or set of answers that can be found in the relevant documents. The latter helped us identify relevant documents and passages in the Aquaint documents. Parsing the topic question into relevant entities was done using a set of hand crafted regular expressions. The first step parsed the topic text into a set of relevant string entities and entity types  , the second step expanded entities with synonymous terms  , and the third step created a Boolean query expression from the resulting lists of terms. The next step  , they ranked the entity based on similarity of the candidate entities and the target entity. In the first step  , they utilized the 'target entity to retrieve web documents  , and then by using regular expression they retrieved the candidates from the text of the web documents. The link between a question and the production of the KDB component may be seen as a relation more than a function since the output may be multiple. At the third step  , based on normalization dictionary Qnorm dic and WordNet  , each word in a question is converted into LSP code to be matched with the condition part of LSP grammar by regular expression. " will be POSITION  , which means the position of Cleveland i.e. , president will be an answer. Part-of-speech groups in close proximity to the answer  , which correlate to the question text are kept to ensure the meaning is retained: We then generalise the string to a suitable regular expression  , by removing stopwords and inserting named entity classes where appropriate. An approach that requires substantial manual knowledge engineering such as creating/editing an ontology  , compiling/revising a lexicon  , or crafting regular expression patterns/grammar rules is obviously limited in its accessibility  , especially if such work has to be repeated for every collection of descriptions. It is desirable to have an automated way to discover these terms. One of the learned lessons of the previous experiments was that the regular expression RegEx substitutions are a very succinct  , efficient  , maintainable  , and scalable method to model many NL subtasks of the QA task. For voice and plctures  , however  , patterns are not easy to detlne and they often require compllcated and tlmd oonsumlng pattern recognltlon technlauss rRsdd76. There are two cases to consider  , corresponding to whether source or persistent variables are bound in a query to an ARC-program. A consequence of this is that all regular expression variables appear in the head of any base rule. In this way  , the adorned program mirrors the way the ARC-program was constructed from the corresponding GRE query  , except that bound variables are now propagated top-down rather than bottom-up. The white space features:  At least four consecutive white space characters are found in data rows  , separating row headers from data  , and in titles that are centered. It enables users to invoke arbitrary computation using their favorite tools to define data-dependent aspects of the mapping that cannot be cleanly represented in declarative representations. Another ap- proach 19 is to learn regular expression-like rules for data in each column and use these expressions to recognize new examples. Schema matching techniques have also been used to identify the semantic types of columns by comparing them with labeled columns 10 . For example  , the rewriting rule In some patterns  , the answer type is represented by one of the match constituents in the regular expression instead of one of the standard types  , e.g. Each of the rewriting patterns contains a * symbol  , which encodes the required position of the answer in the text with respect to the pattern. Table 3shows our findings for the protein ferredoxin protein data bank ID 1DUR  , formerly 1FDX that shows two occurrences of this pattern. Documents were only allowed to appear in one category. The nature of the CSIRO corpus allowed us to carry out genre identification into a small number of interesting categories people  , projects  , media releases  , publications  , biographies  , feature articles  , podcasts  , using some simple regular expression matches over URLs and document texts. When preparing a dynamic aspect  , the expression of the pointcut as well as the content of the interceptor depends on the type of the role interactions. Thirdly  , the program which instantiates a variability-related role should be encapsulated as an interceptor which is a regular Java class and implements the Interceptor interface. In 2  Angluin showed that the problem of learning a regular expression of minimum size from positive and negative examples is NP-complete. Gold 9  showed that the problem of inferring a DFA of minimum size from positive examples is NP-complete. No data type exists to speak of  , with the exception of strings  , whitespace-free strings  , and enumerations of strings. DTDs provide a sophisticated regular expression language for imposing constraints on elements and subelements the so-called content model   , but are very limited in the control of attributes and data elements. Figure 6shows the web page screenshots of – i question deleted by moderator left and ii question deleted by author right. In spite of its reasonably acceptable performance  , it has an important drawback as a relevant page on the topic might be hardly reachable when this page is not pointed by pages relevant to the topic. Second  , automatically checking program outcomes requires a testing oracle  , which is often not available in practice  , and end-users should not be expected to provide it. In 16 Hahn et al. An example is given at the beginning o section 4. method is described in  13; the algebra A itself is a contribution of this paper. However  , when one knows the primes that make up the program in advance such as with a gotoless programming language  , there is no need to compute the regular expression explicitly . That is  , 211 for x  , 041 for y  , and 211 for z  , which is the same answer arrived at above. This may be explained by Teleport's incorporation of both HTML tag parsing and regular expression-matching mechanisms  , as well as its ability to statically parse Javascripts and to generate simple form submission patterns for URL discovery. Teleport 62 proved to be the most thorough of a group of crawlers that included WebSphinx 38  , Larbin 56  , and Web-Glimpse 35. Note that we used a similar approach for Gnutella and Kazaa which both use the HTTP protocol for their data transfer. In addition to finding packets which identify a particular connection as belonging to a particular P2P application the classifier also maintains an accounting state about each TCP connection. Our setup only performs the regular expression match if the TCP payload starts with GET or HTTP indicating a HTTP payload. For most locations that correspond to instances of simple types  , the constraints associated with a location can be represented as a regular expression most facets in XML Schema can be represented in this manner. We also augment each such abstract heap location with a formula  , which is a conservative encoding of the current state of that location  , including its type constraints. In normalization   , we just directly fill the key with the related value. If one key of t has a concrete value not a regular expression  , such as " path 2 " of node B in Figure 4b which has one unique value " display "   , one keep operation is created for this key. More specifically  , property-path expressions are regular expressions over properties edge labels in the graph. As described in the current SPARQL 1.1 specification  , " a property path is a possible route through a graph between two graph nodes .. and query evaluation determines all matches of a path expression .. " 10. The document in the IFRAME is tiny:  This code assumes the existence of a get_secret function   , which can be implemented in a few lines of code that performs a regular expression match on document.cookie. The web page  , noticing that it does not have a session secret  , opens up an invisible IFRAME with the SSL URL https://example.com/login/ recover. In cases where only some of the domains in the certificate are served on this IP  , it is necessary to configure an explicit default host similar to the one given in Figure 10. For example the template page can be parsed by the legacy wiki engine page parser and " any character sequence " blocks or more specific blocks like " any blank character "  can be inserted where appropriate. In order to be less naive  , a few additional steps in the generation of the regular expression can be be taken. Clearly  , providing individual phone numbers as seed examples would not achieve the desired behavior; the numbers may not even exist in the corpus. The specification /abc|xyz/ is a regular expression representing the set of strings {abc  , xyz}. By considering assignments as production rules and translating the input specification into production rules  , we can obtain the following grammar approximating the output of the program. The table shows that the class of context-free languages is closed for a large proportion of the functions in PHP and thus they can be eliminated from a grammar. Also by merging smaller MDNs  , we increase the number of URLs corresponding to each central server  , which helps to generate more generic signatures. Third  , we identify features of signal clusters that are independent of any particular topic and that can be used to effectively rank the clusters by their likelihood of containing a disputed factual claim. The approach matches each test page with the learnt template  , segment the web page into set of sections  , and assigns importance to each section  , using template learning  , and page level spatial and content features. Extensions to regular expression search would also be of interest. We observe that storage systems typically perform redundancy elimination in a manner that is completely transparent to the higher levels  , and our indexing approach would thus have to be implemented at the lower levels for best performance. In our primary results  , 65 42% of the rules matched at least one URL some URLs were matched more than once for a total of 6933 rule matches. To give the reader an intuition of how fault-revealing properties can lead users to errors  , Figure 9 provides examples   , from our experiments  , of fault-revealing and nonfault-revealing properties for two faulty versions. To select relevant portions of the DPRG to view to aid with the task at hand  , a developer can use two kinds of query operations: regular expression searching  , and node expan- sion. The developer now has a concrete location in the code from which to consider the change task. The results of the query also included the information that certain timeout values were involved in the non-blocking implementation. The subject then performed a pattern-level search for the regular expression " blocking "   , which resulted in several sentences  , including the following: " if the underlying IPC mechanism does not support non-blocking  , the developer could use a separate thread to handle communication " . While those approaches also feature the negation of events  , precedence and timing constraints  , we believe that visual formalisms like V T S are better suited for expressing requirements . For the default parameterizations of constant values and constant lengths it is easy to adjust the formulas given in the previous section. To be truly general-purpose  , a model management facility would need to factor out the inferencing engine module that can manipulate these expressions  , so that one could plug different inferencing engines into the facility. Bigrams  , with tagging .60 Results with the language model can be improved by heuristically combining the three best scoring models above unigrams with no tagging and the two bigram models. Precision for each of the four language models and the regular expression classifier are reported in Table 7tagging refers to entity and part of speech tagging.  Regular-Expression Matching: XTM provides the ability to search for text that matches a set of rules or patterns  , such as looking for phone numbers  , email addresses  , social-security numbers   , monetary values  , etc. For example  , the query query number 85 in the 10 ,000 query set: For example  , query select project.#.publication selects all of the publications reachable from the project node via zero or more edges. Regular path expression queries RPE that contain " # " and " * " need to be expanded to SPE queries first  , then translated into SQL statements. The basic text substrings  , such as the target or named entities  , are recognized using regular expressions and replaced with an angle-bracket-delimited expression. The open angle bracket < is used as a special escape character  , hence we make sure that it Figure 1: System Overview does not appear in the source text  , which is either a question or a passage. We are continuing to study alternatives to this basic XPath expression  , such as using regular expressions  , allowing query expansion using synonyms  , and weighting the importance of terms. When evaluating answers for each question type  , we determine whether changing " or " or " and " retrieves any sentences  , and allow this most restrictive screen if it returns any sentences. As a result of age identification  , 9185 visits were classified as adult  , 5747 as elder  , 581 as teen  , 273 as child  , and 3248 had no age information. This is illustrated in Figure 7we see that both domain-tailored regular expression matching and an instance of the domain-trained IE system Amilcare 5 will be used side-by-side  , Amilcare learning from the successfully validated instances produced by the former. The role of B-Recogniser can be realised by both domain-tailored  , and domaintrained services. A number of successful approaches from last year inspired our approach for this year ELC challenge 2 were using a two-stage retrieval approach to retrieve entities. We have implemented all documented tgrep functions in our engine and have additionally implemented both regular expression matching of nodes and reflection-based runtime specification of predicate functions . This engine was based originally on a number of pattern recognition tools collectively known as tgrep. The TOMS can map between the two branches  , however  , and find which lines a sentence spansboth  , and gives the administrator an ID that must be used as a unique key to identify the document in all future interactions. 0 Theorem 2.1 is a rather negative result  , since it implies that queries might require time which is exponential in the size of the db-graph  , not only the regular expression   , for their evaluation. For 2  , the reduction is from DISJOINT PATHS  , whose NP-completeness follows immediately from results in FHw801. The regular expression occurring in this query has an equivalent automaton with three states: the three regions correspond precisely to these states. The query in Example 1.1 defines a view which logically partitions the database into three regions  , as in Figure 3 . View maintenance will be done differently after an update in region Rl than after updates in regions R2 or R3 respectively. In this respect  , the sink variable and regular expression variables play similar roles in that they appear in the same position in both the head of each rule and the IDB predicate in the body. A look at the Java-code indicates that Trang is related to but different from crx: it uses 2T-INF to construct an automaton  , eliminates cycles by merging all nodes in the same strongly connected component   , and then transforms the obtained DAG into a regular expression. Indeed  , there is no paper or manual available describing the machinery underlying Trang. This helps us encode certain type of trails as a regular expression over an alphabet. Closing of the page or time outs are encoded as E. For example the trail in the example will be encoded to the string SSV V SSV P . This artificial method can generate a new field sub-document which does not exist in actual multi-field document  , which is equivalent to increasing the statistical weight for some attributed texts  , and such texts often have an explicit optimal TC rule. For instance  , the regular expression can be applied to extract all IP addresses in email Header to form an artificial sub-document. The result shows that the structure completely supports regular expression functions and the Snort rule set at the frequency of 3.68GHz. With Pre-decode method  , parallel character and prefix tree  , this structure optimized the structure and minimized circuit areas and realize the target of lower cost and wider applicability. It can be chosen to define a split pattern as separator or a match pattern to identify the constituents or interesting parts of an attribute value. However  , in OCR  , character : was often read as i or z. Luckily  , being a specialized domain with rigid conventions for writing   , e.g. , units and ranks  , most of these errors could be corrected using a host of 135 regular expression rules. For example  , unit names as abbreviations are inflected in Finnish by appending a : and the inflection ending. This still left the problem of semantic disambiguation; in this case this concerned named entity recognition of persons  , places  , and military units. The main idea in the rule-based name recognition tool is to first search for full names within the text at hand. , two extraction components for non-ontological entities have been implemented: person name extractor for Finnish language and regular expression extractor. by enumeration  , via a regular expression  , or via ad hoc operators specific to text structure such as proximity  , positional and inclusion operators for instance  , in the style of the model for text structure presented in 14. This binding is realized in the notion of In a query of type 1  , the text pattern can be specified in many different ways  , e.g. Machine learning systems treat the SBD task as a classification problem  , using features such as word spelling  , capitalization  , sumx  , word class  , etc. , found in the local context of potential sentence breaking punctu- ation. If two different strings occur in the same corresponding positions of two Web pages  , they are believed to be the items to be extracted. RELATEDNESS QUERIES RQ A relatedness query is a connected directed graph the nodes and edges of which may be unlabeled and at least one of the edges is labeled with a regular expression over relationship labels. The above query is the query example from the introduction. The extractor is implemented as a module that can be linked into other information integration systems. Alternatively  , since the extraction rule is expressed as a regular expression with concatenation and alternative only  , it is easier to construct a finite-state machine for such an extraction rule. We only require that a special markup syntax  , a marker  , is available for denoting where holes occur in the source text of a template page. The input of the system is a set of HTTPTraces  , which will be described in the following sections  , and the output is a set of regular expression signatures identifying central servers of MDNs. Figure 3presents the architecture of the ARROW system. For an MDN with one or more central servers  , the third component generates regular expression signatures based on the URLs and also conducts signature pruning. The second component  , central server identification  , aggregates individual drive-by download samples which form MDNs and then identifies the central servers. For each question  , TREC provides a set of document identifiers which answer it  , a regular expression which the participant has to match to score  , and sometimes  , a snippet from the document that contains the answer. The passages were indexed by Lucene 5. In brief  , template is a generalized tree-based regular expression over structure of pages seen till now. ' , and '|' to denote multiplicity denotes repetition of similar structure  , optionality denotes part of structure is optional  , and disjunction denote presence of one of the structures in the structural data  , respectively. In the procedure for converting an SDTD into an XVPA defined in Theorem 1  , we chose a deterministic finite state automaton Dm corresponding to every regular expression dm. We now consider the following problem: Given an SDTD d  , m0  , which open tags are pre-order typed in every document defined by d  , m0 ? For temponym detection in text documents  , we adopt a similar approach and develop a rule-based system that uses similarity matching in a large dictionary of event names and known paraphrases. State-of-the-art TempEx taggers such as HeidelTime 36 and SUTime 9  are based on regular expression matching   , handcrafted rules  , and background dictionaries. We present the rewrite rules in the order in which they are applied. Given a concrete path fl.f2..f~  , we apply the rewrite rules to the tuple e  , fl.f2..f~ to obtain a final tuple Q  , e  , where Q is the regular expression that represents the path. The motivation for the definition of A stems from the desire to interpret the regular expressions for the paths through a program as an A expression. An algebra A is presented that combines the problems of finding the three kinds of data flow anomalies. If for every execution history h witnessed in the traces  , if h is included in the language of re 1   , then it is also included in the language of re 2 then re 2 is preferred. Grep takes a regular expression and a list of files and lists the lines of those files that match the pattern . The tool of choice today is the text matching tool grep l or one of its many cousins  , due to its ease of use  , speed  , and integration with the editing environment. When an aspect is enabled  , the display of any program text matched by the pattern is highlighted with the aspect's corresponding color. An aspect in AB is defined as a pair consisting of a pattern a grep-like regular expression and a color. Since these SQL queries are derived from a single regular path expression  , they are likely to share many relational scans  , selections and joins. Multiple-Query Optimization/Execution: As outlined in Section 4  , complex path expressions are handled in a relational database by converting them into many simple path expressions  , each corresponding to a separate SQL query. As shown in Figure 4  , each type of feature is represented by an interface that extends the IFeature interface. Let us return to live variables problem to see how the problem is solved with respect to the prime program decomposition in Figure 5. Once a number has been located  , the following token is checked to see if the number can be further classified into a unit of measure. A regular expression is used to find a string representing a number either in words  , digits or a combination of the two. Applying a regular expression pattern   , such as " find capitalized phrases containing some numbers with length greater than two "   , on the text " The Nokia 6600 was one of the oldest models. " This was also observed in the context of lexical source-code transformations of arbitrary programming languages 2  , where it is an alternative to manipulations of the abstract syntax tree. The open angle bracket < is used as a special escape character  , hence we make sure that it does not appear in the source text  , which is either a question or a passage. Undoing these requires " physical undo "   , i.e. , the system has to maintain multiple versions of the potentially large dataset. The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. Likewise to the previous studies 4  , 2  , 35  , we use the predictive perplexity 15 to evaluate the topic modeling accuracy. To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . This part of experiment is indicated as Supervised Modeling Section 3.3. Third  , ensembles of models arise naturally in hierarchical modeling. The alternative is to mine all data in-place and thus build k predictive models base-models locally. This modeling approach has the advantage of improving our understanding of the mechanisms driving diffusion  , and of testing the predictive power of information diffusion models. 2015. In addition to early detection of different diseases  , predictive modeling can also help to individualize patient care  , by differentiating individuals who can be helped from a specific intervention from those that will be adversely affected by the same inter- vention 7  , 8. One important application of predictive modeling is to correctly identify the characteristics of different health issues by understanding the patient data found in EHR 6. However  , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists  , such as Participants P7 and P12. Several interviewees reported that " operationalization " of their predictive models—building new software features based on the predictive models is extremely important for demonstrating the value of their work. Unlike traditional predictive display where typically 3D world coordinate CAD modeling is done  , we do not assume any a-priori information. In the predictive display application we do not sample different objects or faces  , but closely spaced images from the same objects and scene under varying poses. Calculating the average per-word held-out likelihood   , predictive perplexity measures how the model fits with new documents; lower predictive perplexity means better fit. Various methods were proposed to solve this problem – we used perplexity   , which is widely used in the language-modeling community   , as well as the original work to predict the best number of topics. When we are capable of building and testing a highly predictive model of user effectiveness we will be able to do cross system comparisons via a control  , but our current knowledge of user modeling is inadequate. In order to get comparable classes of users  , we need to know what measurable traits of users are highly predictive of searching effectiveness. Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. Thus although we anticipate that our qualitative results will prove robust to our specific modeling assumptions  , the relationship between model complexity and best-case predictive performance remains an interesting open question. However  , we will keep the nested logit terminology since it is more prevalent in the discrete choice literature. This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. Latent variable modeling is a promising technique for many analytics and predictive inference applications. Sequential prediction methods use the output of classifiers trained with previous  , overlapping subsequences of items  , assuming some predictive value from adjacent cases  , as in language modeling. These methods all train their subclassifiers on the same input training set. Fig.4 shows an example of predictive geometrical information display when an endmill is operated manually by an operator using joysticks which are described later. The z-map modeling method shown in Fig.3was introduced in the system. This approach is similar in nature t o model-predictive-control MPC. Periodic recomputation of the optimal leader and follower trajectories was employed to compensate for robot modeling inaccuracies. In addition  , they offer more flexibility for modeling practical scenarios where the data is very sparse. These methods have become prominent in recent years because they combine scalability with high predictive accuracy. Smoothed unigram language modeling has been developed to capture the predictive ability of individual words based on their frequency at each reading difficulty level 7. In recent years  , more sophisticated features and models are used. Modeling and feature selection is integrated into the search over the space of database queries generating feature candidates involving complex interactions among objects in a given database. It allows learning accurate predictive models from large relational databases. The formal definition of perplexity for a corpus D with D documents is: To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . Our predictive models are based on raw geographic distance How many meters is the ATM from me ? Motivated by this intuition   , this study focuses on modeling user-entity distance and inter-category differences in location preference. We evaluated each source and combinations of sources based on their predictive value. Implementing these context variants allowed us to systematically evaluate the effectiveness of different sources of context for user interest modeling. Specifically  , the predictive models can help in three different ways. When EHRs contain consistent data about patients and nurses modeling  , can be designed and used for devising efficient nursing patient care. The approach taken in this paper suggests a framework for understanding user behavior in terms of demographic features determined through unsupervised modeling. These data could be easily incorporated to improve the predictive power  , as shown in Figure 13. In terms of portability  , vertical balancing may be improved by modeling the similarity in terms of predictive evidence between source verticals. This work could be extended in several directions. As FData and RData have different feature patterns  , the combination of both result in better performance. Content features are not predictive perhaps due to 1 citation bias  , 2 paper quality is covered by authors/venues  , or 3 insufficient content modeling. These rules were then used to predict the values of the Salary attribute in the test data. Using each of our approach  , C4.5  , CBA  , and FID  , predictive modeling rules were mined from the dataset for data mining. Another objective of this research is to discover whether reducing the imbalance in the training data would improve the predictive performance for the 8 modeling methods we have evaluated. For each of the tree methods  , small improvement can be seen For each interface modeled we created a storyboard that contained the frames  , widgets  , and transitions required to do all the tasks  , and then demonstrated the tasks on the storyboard. But without the predictive human performance modeling provided by CogTool  , productivity of skilled users would not be able to play any role at all in the quantitative measures required. In addition  , MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 11  , item taxonomy 9 and attributes 1  , social relations 8  , and 3-way interactions 21. These methods have become very popular in recent years by combining good scalability with predictive accuracy. 4 Technically  , this model is called the hierarchical logit 32 and is slightly more general than the nested logit model derived from utility maximization. Having cost models for all three types of releases  , along with an understanding of the outiler subset of high productivity releases  , would complete the cost modeling area of our study. As more releases are completed  , predictive models for the other categories of releases can be developed. In particular  , low-rank MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 15  , item taxonomy 6  , and attributes 1. One of the most successful realizations of LFM  , which combines good scalability with predictive accuracy  , is based on low-rank MF e.g. , see 16 . These findings have profound implications for user modeling and personalization applications  , encouraging focus on approaches that can leverage users' browsing behavior as a source of information. In particular  , users' querying behavior their " talk "  is a more limited source of predictive signal than their browsing behavior their " walk " . Perplexity  , which is widely used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood lower numbers are better. To measure the ability of a model to act as a generative model  , we computed test-set perplexity under estimated parameters and compared the resulting values. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from data TransC i  for all the individual customer models and compare its performance with the performance of function 1 estimated from the transactional data for the whole customer base. In this section  , we compare individual vs. aggregate levels of customer modeling. Given the variety of models  , there was a pressing need for an objective comparison of their performance. At IBM  , a variety of approaches have been considered for estimating the wallet of customers for information technology IT products  , including heuristic approaches and predictive modeling. Preliminary results showed that our topic-based defect prediction has better predictive power than state-of-the-art approaches. We use topic modeling to recover the concerns/aspects in each software artifact  , and use them as input for machine learningbased defect prediction models. A lower score implies that word wji is less surprising to the model and are better. Perplexity is a standard measure used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood . Examining users' geographic foci of attention for different queries is potentially a rich source of data for user modeling and predictive analytics. Figure 10shows the trajectory of mouse movements made by a sample user who is geographicallyrefining a query for ski. An important advantage of the statistical modeling approach is the ability to analyze the predictive value of features that are being considered for inclusion in the ranking scheme. In each case the coefficient is equivalent to the log-odds logp/1-p of correctness conditioned on the overlap feature assuming a given value. A challenge of this approach is the tradeoff between the number of cohorts and the predictive power of cohorts on individuals. The results in the previous section show that our cohort modeling techniques using pre-defined features can more accurately estimate users' individual click preferences as represented via an increased number of SAT clicks than our competitive baseline method. Here the appearance function g has to be based only on the image sequences returned from the tele-manipulation system. Manually built models consist mainly of text patterns  , carefully created  , tested and maintained by domain and linguistic experts. Data Modeling: A predictive model  , capable of extracting facts from the decomposed and tagged input media  , needs to be constructed  , either manually or through automatic induction methods. These approaches frequently use probabilistic graphical models PGMs for their support for modeling complex relationships under uncertainty. Learning-based approaches have commonly been used to build predictive models of human behavior and to control behaviors of embodied conversational agents e.g. , 19  , 26  , 33. To evaluate the ability of generative models  , we numerically compared the models by computing test-set perplexity PPX. From the predictive modeling perspective  , homophily or its opposite  , heterophily can be used to build more accurate models of user behavior and social interactions based on multi-modal data. When user attributes relevant to forming social links are not directly observable   , this phenomenon is called latent homophily. Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. We study how such a user preference signal affects the clickrate of a business and design effective strategies to generate personalization features. l We found a high difference in effectiveness in the use of our systems between two groups of users. Since the core task for any user modeling system is predicting future behavior  , we evaluate the informativeness of different sources of behavioral signal based on their predictive value. On average   , each query-based user profile contains 21.2 keywords  , while each browsing-based profile contains 137.4 keywords based on 15 days of behavioral data. Considering the complexity and heterogeneity of our data and the problem  , it is important to use the most suitable and powerful prediction model that are available. It should be noted that the key contribution of this work is more about extracting the important features and understanding the domain by providing novel insights  , but not necessarily about building a new predictive modeling algo- rithm. Both risks may dramatically affect the classifier performance and can lead to poor prediction accuracy or even in wrong predictive models. Second  , poor or no data preparation is likely to lead to an incomplete and inaccurate data representation space  , which is spanned by variables and realizations used in the modeling step. For building accurate models  , ignoring instances with missing values leads to inferior model performance 7  , while acquiring complete information for all instances often is prohibitively expensive or unnecessary. Many predictive modeling tasks include missing data that can be acquired at a cost  , such as customers' buying preferences and lifestyle information that can be obtained through an intermediary. We also demonstrate the further improvement of UCM over URM  , due to UCM's more appropriate modeling of the retweet structure. Experimental results show that both URM and UCM significantly outperform all the baselines in terms of the quality of distilled topics  , model precision  , and predictive power. Compounding the lack of clarity in the claims themselves is an absence of a consistent and rigorous evaluation framework . On the other hand  , it is also misleading to imply that even if extreme events such as financial crises and societal revolutions cannot be predicted with any useful accuracy 54  , predictive modeling is counterproductive in general. In doing this  , we hope to exploit the strength of machine learning to quantify the improvement of the proposed features. Sheridan differentiates between two types: those which use a time series extrapolation for prediction  , and those which do system modeling also including the multidimensional control input2. Three main design considerations in a predictive display are: How to model the tele-operation system for the prediction. Table 2shows the results of the perplexity comparison. There has been a great deal of research on inductive transfer under many names  , e.g. The goal is to build models that can be used to generate behaviors that are interactive in the sense of being coordinated with a human partner. We will now describe a method for modeling the low-level signal exchange in interaction using simple predictive models . Clearly more sophisticated models of this sort may be more realistic than the one we have studied  , and may also yield somewhat different quantitative bounds to prediction. Such an approach can generate a more comprehensive understanding of users and their pref- erences 57  , 48  , 46. Finally  , modeling relational data as it persists or changes across time is an important challenge. The next step in our experimental plan is to use schemas such as our detailed ones for blog sevice users and bioinformatics information and computational grid users Hs05 to learn a richer predictive model. One key advantage of SJASM is that it can discover the underlying sentimental aspects which are predictive of the review helpfulness voting. We propose a novel supervised joint aspect and sentiment model SJASM  , which is a probabilistic topic modeling framework that jointly detects aspects and sentiments from reviews under the supervision of the helpfulness voting data. Mark has been a co-organizer of two TREC tracks  , a co-organizer of the SIGIR 2013 workshop on modeling user behavior for information retrieval evaluation MUBE and the SIGIR 2010 workshop on the simulation of interaction. Mark's recent work has focused on making information retrieval evaluation more predictive of actual human search performance. Author expertise and venue impact are the distinguishing factors for the consideration of bibliography  , among which  , Author Rank  , Maximum Past Influence of Authors make paper influential . Discovering the hidden knowledge within EHR data for improving patient care offers an important approach to reduce these costs by recognizing at-risk patients who may be aided from targeted interventions and disease prevention treatments 5. In this paper  , predictive modeling and analyses have been conducted at two different levels of granularity. For nurse experience  , a nurse with at least two years of experience in her current position was considered to be an experienced nurse  , and the nurses with less than two years' experience to be inexperienced. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from the transactional data TransC i  for the segmentation level models  , and compare its performance with the performance results obtained in Section 4. In this section  , we compare individual vs. segmentation and aggregate vs. segmentation levels of customer modeling. It is therefore clearly misleading to cite performance on " easy " cases as evidence that more challenging outcomes are equally predictable; yet precisely such conflation is prac- 1 ticed routinely by advocates of various methods  , albeit often implicitly through the use of rhetorical flourishes and other imprecise language. A statistical approach is proposed to infer the distribution of a word's likely acquisition age automatically from authentic texts collected from the Web  , and then an effective semantic component for predicting reading difficulty of news texts is provided by combining the acquisition age distributions for all words in a document 14. Pain is a very common problem experienced by patients  , especially at the end of life EOL when comfort is paramount to high quality healthcare. Moreover  , these bounds on predictive performance are also extremely sensitive to the deviations from perfect knowledge we are likely to encounter when modeling real-world systems: even a relatively small amount of error in estimating a product's quality leads to a rapid decrease in one's ability to predict its success. This bound is relatively generous for worlds in which all products are the same  , but it becomes increasingly restrictive as we consider more diverse worlds with products of varying quality. Such normalization does not always make sense for binary and integer features  , and it also removes the nonnegativity of our feature representation that offers intuitive interpretation of them. Item seed sets were constructed according to various criteria such as popularity items should be known to the users  , contention items should be indicative of users' tendencies  , and coverage items should possess predictive power on other items. Modeling the preferences of new users can be done most effectively by asking them to rate several carefully selected items of a seed set during a short interview 13  , 21  , 22  , 8 . However  , our goal here is different as we do not just want to make our predictions based on some large number of features but are instead interested in modeling how the temporal dynamics of bidding behavior predicts the loan outcome funded vs. not funded and paid vs. not paid. Their goal is to provide a ranking of the relative importance of various fundability determinants  , rather than providing a predictive model. The most relevant related work is on modeling predictive factors on social media for various other issues such as tie formation Golder and Yardi 2010   , tie break-up Kivran- Swaine  , Govindan  , and Naaman 2011  , tie strength Gilbert and Karahalios 2009 and retweeting Suh et al. Despite the rich literature on Twitter and its role in covering real-world events  , to date  , we are aware of little research that directly addresses the issue studied in this paper. In other words  , we aggregate the past behavior in the two modalities considered search queries and browsing behavior over a given time period  , and evaluate the predictiveness of the resulting aggregated user profile with respect to behavior occurring in a  sequent period.