Simulated Annealing: Guided evolutionary simulated annealing GESA 19 combines simulated annealing and simulated evolution in a novel way. First  , out of all the children in a family  , the child with the best performance value will be selected. As compared with gradient-based or conjugate-type search  , simulated annealing can escape local minimum points 12. Extension of the simulated annealing technique include the mean field annealing 13 and the tree annealing 1141. Simulated annealing takes a fixed number R of rounds to explore the solution space. We obtain an approximate solution to the problem using simulated annealing 22  , 23. 's simulated annealing solver. 24 simulator  , using GraspIt! It has been applied to a variety of optimization problems. However  , we found that SEESAW ran much faster and produced results with far less variance than simulated annealing. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , application of simulated annealing to disambiguate overlapping shapes is a novel contribution. Carnevali  , et al. , 2   , applied simulated annealing to construct an image from known sets of shapes in the presence of noise. Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. In the next part  , this solution is forwarded to the simulated annealing procedure with parameters: T = 5800  , α = 0.6  , I max = 10. 3Table 4 : Example parameters for simulated annealing applied to the data point disambiguation prob- lem. Fig. The result is the modified assignment: Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. There are very few known constructions for mixed-level covering arrays. For these arrays  , simulated annealing finds an optimal solution. The situation can be improved by solving TSP strictly. The solution using a Simulated Annealing method is sub-optimum. The remaining query-independent features are optimised using FLOE 18. Field-based models are trained through simulated annealing 23. 6  , a path that avoids obstacles can be generated. Applying the method of simulated annealing can be time consuming. c Potential field at low output T= 1. 7 introduced "simulated annealing" principle to a multi-layered search for the global maximum. More recently  , Deutscher et ai. Table 5gives the overall results of these experiments using an annealing constant of 0.4 and 10k iterations. The results are compared to non-annealing methods and their effectiveness was demonstrated. To find a near-optimal solution  , we employed the simulated annealing method which has been shown effective for solving combinatorial optimization problems. It was shown that the perfomance of simulated annealing using the metric developed in this paper performs better than with another cost function which seeks to maximize the number of overlapping modules. The method of simulated annealing was used with this metric as the energy function for two sets of initial and final configurations one simply connected and one containing a loop. Simulated annealing2 is a stochastic optimization technique that enables one to find 'low cost' configuration without getting trapped by the 'high cost' local minima. In order to solve this problem  , we choose to use the simulated annealing SA2 method. we continued to extend the optimization procedure  , including a version of simulated annealing. email sw@microsoft.com 1 Now the University o f W estminster. Simulated anneahng has been used m a variety of apphcation areas to good effect Klrkpatrlck 83. They found that annealing produced good results but was computatlona.lly expensive. 15 proposed a simulated annealing approach to obtain optimal measurement pose set for robot calibration. 319- index for all the possible pose sets  , Zhuang et al. They defined an observability index  , e.g. This is due to the fact that the Simulated Annealing method is a stochastic approach. But they are not consecutive  , and with a second resolution  , the problem disappears. This method is able to search the solution space and find a good solution for the problem. We thus use simulated annealing 10  , a global optimization method. In each round a random successor of the current solution is looked at. A brute force approach will not work because the number of possible solutions grows exponentially. proposed a simulated annealing approach with several heuristics 9  , and Mathioudakis et al. Besides the above heuristics using greedy approach  , Jiang et al. function based on this metric to zero. In section 4  , the method of simulated annealing is used to drive the cost. Table 2lists the obtained space and performance figures. Solutions for the SB approach were obtained running simulated annealing for R = 50  , 000 rounds. where the parameter T corresponds to artificial temperature in the simulated annealing method. Construction of more complex structure will be addressed in future studies. The constraints used were similarity in image intensity and smoothness in disparity . Barnard 3 presented a stochastic optimization technique  , simulated annealing  , to fuse a pair of stereo images. In all our experiments  , the term frequency normalisation parameters are optimised using Simulated Annealing 15. We then swap the training and testing queries and repeat the experiments. Simulated annealing SA is implemented to optimize the global score S in Equation 1. The optimal threshold is 0.09 from the experiment. Standard weighting models and term dependence models are deployed with their commonly suggested parameter settings in the literature . Simulated Annealing devised by Kirkpatrick  , et. Furthermore  , the time-varying nature of the current problem prohibits one from formulating an adequate cost function. The candidate of route is generated randomly. The simulated annealing method is used in order not to be trapped into a bad local optimum. By decreasing T gradually  , units tries possible reachable positions uniformly in earlier steps. We take mean field annealing approach MFA  , which is a deterministic approach and requires much less computational complexity than simulated annealing  , to locate the constrained global optimal solution. In this paper  , we model target boundary as a global contour energy minimum under a constraint of region features. This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. Computational search techniques to find fixed level covering arrays include standard techniques such as hill climbing and simulated annealing. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. requirements engineering 12 but most often in the field of software testing 1 . The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. dynamic programming  , greedy  , simulated annealing  , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 22. Analogously  , for the SB approach the parameter κ  , as an upper-bound on the allowed space blowup  , was varied between 1.0 and 3.0. In this study  , maximizing L is equivalent to minimizing  In theory  , simulated annealing can find the global optimal solution that can maximize the function value by promising a proper probability. However  , practical difficulties arise in two aspects. In principle  , the sub-optimal task sequence planning can be implemented by integrating the computation of the step motion times with simulated annealing. Table 8compares results for some fixed level arrays reported in 22 . Simulated annealing consistently does as well or better than hill climbing  , so we report only those results for the next two tables. We apply simulated annealing SA in order to resolve individual data points within a region of overlap. Overlapping data points occur frequently in 2-D plots and identifying each individual data point and its coordinates is a difficult task. Second  , Simulated Annealing SA starts at a random state and proceeds by random moves  , which if uphill  , are only accepted with certain probability. Its output at the end is the least cost local minimum that has been visited. Techniques like simulated annealing  , the AB technique Swly93  , and iterative improvement will be essential. there are so many parallel alternatives  , you will need efficient ways to prune the unreasonable choices quickly. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9. Thus  , the choice of the optimal feature sets may require a preliminary feature construction phase. With the same objective  , genetic search strategies Goldberg891 can be applied to query optimization  , as a generalization of randomized ones EibengOl. Examples of such strategies are simulated-annealing Ioannidis871 and iterative- improvement Swami88. Thus  , a deformation that increases the objective function is sometimes generated  , which improves the performance of optimization. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. Simulated annealing is a capable of crossing local minima and locating the global minimum 6. We plan to study this possibility in future work. As suggested by one reviewer  , local optimum can be escaped by introducing stochastic elements to this greedy heuristic or by using Simulated annealing. On comparison with the simulated annealing method used in a prior publications 16  , we found that seesawing between {Low  , High} values was adequate for our purposes. We have conducted experiments with other approaches that allow intermediate values. To get around this inter-dcpcndency problem  , we can decompose the problem into two parts and take an itcrativc approach. Simulated annealing can be helpful to address very large size problems or optimize response times directly WolfM. Simulated Annealing the system has frozen. This has been estimated as cardphyEnt * k factor k has been proposed to be equal to 1 in Table 2: Extensibility Primitives for implementing randomized and genetic strategies 4.2.2. In this method  , the TSP was solved as a sub-optimal exploration path by using a Simulated Annealing method SI. The path generation problem can be modeled as the Traveling Salesman Problem TSP SI. A hybrid methodology that uses simulated annealing and Lagrangian relaxation has recently been developed to handle the set-up problem in systems with three or more job classes ll. The method needs to be extended to a multiclass system. If the increment of a joint angle between its start and goal is large enough so that As the temperature is slowly lowered the simplex crawls out of local minima and converges upon the global minimum. There are many different schemes for choosing Δλ. Of course  , in many cases constructions are not known or may not exist such as is true in the last two entries of this table. In order to investigate larger spaces  , randomized search strategies have been proposed to improve a start solution until obtaining a local optimum. A combination of the downhill simplex method and simulated annealing 9 was used. Thus  , we use an optimization method based on the downhill simplex method 9  , which is a kind of direct search method. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. Since there is no guarantee of a unique extremum in the cost function   , a method like simulated annealing can be used to optimize the cost function 22. Otherwise  , a numerical method is necessary. al  , 1983  has been shown effective in solving large combinato enable transitions from the local minima to higher energy states and then to the minimum in a broader area  , a statistical approach was introduced. Even thouglh simulated annealing is a very powerful technique  , it has the uncertainties associated with a randomized approach. Since the configuration has to remain connected at all times  , reconfiguration in this case involves overcoming 'deep' local minima. Since softassign determines the correspondence between data sets  , the exact correspondences are not needed in advance. The rate at which the correspondences are tightened is controlled by a simulated annealing schedule. Essentially local techniques such as gradient descent  , the simplex method and simulated annealing are not well suited to such landscapes. There are often several distinct valleys as occlusion and accessibility constraints can cut the scene in two. Further more  , literature on this method doesn't mention any restriction about its use. We don't find iliis property in other methods such as Simulated Annealing 1  , Tabou research  , or local search. Perhaps a non-gradient-based global approach  , such as a genetic or simulated annealing technique might be more appropriate to this problem. The optimizer struggled with these on occasion. A high sparseness parameter leads to rules that have a few large and many small but non-zero coefficients. Of course  , one can utilize simulated annealing or any other global optimization strategy as well. Association discovery is a fundamental data mining task. This property opens the way to randomized search e.g. , simulated annealing  , which should improve the quality of models selected by LLA procedures. Simulated annealing has been used by Nurmela and¨Ostergård and¨ and¨Ostergård 18  , to construct covering designs which have a structure very similar to covering arrays. For a table of known upper bounds for Ø ¾ see 22. While our techniques are fully general  , we have emphasized the fixed level cases in our reporting so that we can make comparisons with results in the literature. The simulated annealing program is based on that of 18. Randomized strategies do not  , guarantee that the best solution is obtained  , but avoid the high cost of optimization. Examples of such strategies are Simulated Annealing SA IC91 and Iterative Improvement II Sw89 . In all experiments  , TSA yields the best optimization/execution cost  , ratio. The major contribution of this paper is an extension of SA called Toured Simulated Annealing TSA  , to better deal with parallel query optimization. The method of simulated annealing provides suck a technique of avoiding local minima. This prompts a need to develop a technique to escape from local minima through tunnelling or hill-climbing. First  , we introduce some additional notation to be used in this section: T start denotes the initial temperature parameter in simulated annealing  , f T < 1 denotes the multiplicative factor by which the temperature goes down every I T iterations and N is the number of samples drawn from the stationary distribution. In this section  , we present experimental results on simulated datasets  , a microarray gene expression dataset and a movie recommendation dataset.  Query term distribution and term dependence are two similar features that rely on the difference of the query term distributions between the the homepage collection and the content-page collection. The ratio for a navigational query bestbuy is 3.3  , which is smaller than that of simulated annealing. All of these lechniques musl  , lo be successful  , must outperform exhaustive search optimiJalion above 10 01 15 way joins in selecting access paths while Hill being within a few percent of the optimal plan. Changes in the robot's base position to the left  , right or back did not notably increase the overall grasp quality in that setup. The information about the grasp quality was delivered from ROS' own grasp planning tool  , which uses a simulated annealing optimization to search for gripper poses relative to the object or cluster 27. Relationship between the number of AGV and average of duality gap route for the entire AGV is always generated taking the entire AGV into account. Others like 6 proposes a rule-based on-line scheduling system for an FMS that generates appropriate priority rules to select a transition to be fired from a set of conflicting transitions. Another work aksolves this problem based on the simulated annealing to technique obtain a modified schedule by rescheduling. Other important questions in this context that need to be explored are: How to choose classes ? The correspondences are loosely enforced initially and refined as the iterations proceed so that  , upon convergence  , each point on one surface has a single corresponding point on the other surface . This is unlike simulated annealing or MaxWalkSat  , which simultaneously offer settings to all features at every step of their reasoning. SEESAW incrementally grows solutions from unconstrained where all features can take any value in {Low  , High} to fully constrained where all features are set to a single value. However the substantial time required and perhaps the complexity of implementing such methods has led to the widespread use of simpler heuristics  , such as hill-climbing 8 and greedy methods. If the size of the test suite is the overriding concern  , simulated annealing or tabu search often yields the best results . The key to using simulated annealing to compute something useful is to get the energy mini- mization function to correspond to some important relationship  , for example  , the closeness of For the purposes of this paper we will give exampIes from the medium-sized AI tools knowledge base. 'l In order to generate a path that could avoid obstacles  , we set the path length that is overlapped by obstacle as infinite. Additionally  , because of the initially high control parameter value analogous to temperature in the simulated annealing dynamics of GESA  , a poorly performing child can succeed the parent of its family in the initial stages  , thus enabling escape from local minimum traps. At the same time  , it preserves some diversity as a hedge. The simulated annealing method has been used in many applications; TSP  , circuit design  , assembly design as well as manufacturing problems  , for example  , for lot size and inventory control Salomon  , et. However  , the initial state is not meaningful and does not affect the result Laarhoven ans Aarts  , 19871. This is because if there is a move possible which reduces energy   , simulated annealing will always choose that and in that case the value of the ratio AEIT does not influence the result. Another observation was that the initial temperature had no noticeable effect when the optimal assignment metric is used as the energy function. We then illustrate how this metric is applied to the motion planning/selfreconfiguration of metamorphic robotic systems. Further  , they propose the use of simulated annealing to attempt to solve the reconfiguration problem. In 4 and 5  , Pamecha and Chirikjian examine the theoretic bounds of reconfiguration on such a system  , including the upper and lower bounds on the minimum number of moves required for reconfiguration. For this project  , we have used a different approach  , which is to seed the search space with many guesses  , taking the best one the smallest average distance error  , and running it to minimization. In previous work  , we used a simulated annealing method to find the local minimum 9. Variation of iterations The impact of a duplication of the number of performed iterations is relatively small and very much depends on the type of investigated graph G. Further information is given in the appendix. Note that if one wants to avoid setting p at all  , one may resort to Simulated Annealing. Instead of using probability to decide on a move when the cost is higher  , a worse feasible solution is chosen if the cost is less than the current threshold 1 . These follow a strategy similar to simulated annealing but often display more rapid convergence. We employ simulated annealing  , a stochastic optimization method to segregate these shapes and find the method to be fairly accurate. To extract data precisely from figures in digital documents  , one must segregate the overlapping shapes and identify the shape and the center of mass of each overlapping data point. Figure 7 shows the result of simulated annealing in trajectory planning when applied to the example in figure 6d. Thus  , the gradual shaping of the collision regions can be achieved by the decrease of the output temperature T starting from a high value. They are difficult to initialize owing to the wide forbidden regions  , and apt to fall into poor local minima and then waste a lot of time locating them very precisely. Planning of motion has exploited the strength of simulated annealing 15  , distributed approaches 13 ,16-171  , closed-chain reconfiguration  181 and multi-layered solvers  10 ,12 ,19. In the literature  , several approaches have been proposed to discover the associations between the task described in the operational space and the corresponding actions to be carried out simultaneously in the cell level. are used with simulated annealing where C denotes the current configuration of the robot and F denotes the final configuration desired. Second  , the metric defined using concepts of optimal assignment developed in Sections 3 and 4 applied to the current and final configurations is an energy function : First  , the difference of the number of modules and the number of overlapping modules of any two configurations with the same number of modules defined as overlap metric in Section 3 is considered. As a result  , it is best suited for performing; a number of off line simulations and then using the best one out of those to reconfigure the robot instead of real time application. In this paper we define a useful metric which is one of many possibtle measures of distance between configurations of a metamorphic system. However   , our method is not time-consuming and experimental results show that we always get a correct minimum in a low number of iterations. Unlike stochastic relaxakion methods such as simulated annealing  , we cannot ensure that the global minimum of the function is reached. The difficulty is that in a complex image context  , the target boundary is usually a global energy minimum under certain constraints for instance  , constraints of target object interior characteristics instead of the actual global energy minimum contour. The second category of DCMs model target boundary as global energy minimum 10 11 and take global optimization approaches specifically simulated annealing to locate them. Moreover  , it is worth noticing that  , since the search strategy and the application context are independent from each other  , it is possible to easily re-use and experiment strategies developed in other disciplines  , e.g. To avoid this  , in our first tests on the first two benchmarks   , we applied a simulated annealing based 10 optimization method  , which optimized the parameters of the underlying learning method. In the field of machine learning  , determining the hyperparameters of a learning method is important and if they are improperly chosen these parameters can induce a poor performance. Additionally  , contrary to classical approaches in statistics that rather assess the modification of two nested models  , Chordalysis-Mml can assess models in isolation. The technique proposed assumes the parameter space to be discrete and runs the randomized query optimizer for each point in the parameter space. INSS92 presents a randomized approach – based on iterative improvement and simulated annealing techniques – for parametric query optimization with memory as a parameter. Once the optimization procedure has selected a dig  , it can be mapped back to the joints of the excavator. In simulated annealing  , the current state may be replaced by a successor with a lower quality. If the objective function value of the successor MP C  is lower than that of the current best partition MP C  , we move to the successor with a Kuo and Chen propose an approach that utilizes a controlled vocabulary from cross-document co-reference chains for event clus- tering 17  , 18. The other method defines a global score function over the whole collection and solves the optimization problem with simulated annealing. In this paper  , we present a stochastic search technique using simulated annealing to solve the machine loading problem in FAS. . , n. A product i requires at most m operations in order to produce final product and there are precedence constraints between operations. Our method gives feasible solution by judicious choice of parameters and outperforms the method proposed by Lashkari 5  , in terms of the quality of the optimal solution. Another difficult issue only briefly mentioned in our previous presentation  , was the constraint that the robots had to end up in specific locations. Figure 4illustrates CSSA for the case where the user requires the best K solutions exceeding the similarity specified by target. Configuration similarity simulated annealing CSSA  , based on 215  , performs random walks just like iterative improvement Figure 3Parameter tuning for GCSA but in addition to uphill  , it also accepts downhill moves with a certain probability  , trying to avoid local maxima. However  , in challenging situations  , where a combination of region and image gradient information fails to accurately identify the target boundary  , those methods still tends to be trapped into undesired local energy minima. In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. There is a generator of random changes which is a procedure that takes a random step from λ to λ + Δλ. It has also been extended to allow partial coverage of the required skills  , introducing a multi-objective optimization problem that is optimized using simulated annealing 8 . This problem has been extended to cases in which potentially more than one member possessing each skill is required  , and where densitybased measures are used as objectives 9 ,15. It may also be undesirable that randomization without the use of stored seeds in these types of methods produce different results each time the method is used. See 8  , 25 for data on accuracy and execution time of simulated annealing and tabu search. Using a realistic application  , we measure the impact of parallelism on the optimization cost and the op- timization/execution cost trade-off using several combinations of search space and search strategy. Both the Mozer and the Bein and Smolensky models used a-constant link weight between terms and document$ CODEFINDER extends the model further by making use of inverse document frequency measures for link weights. This is similar to simulated annealing techniques 2. But the grasp quality increased by 32.5% when the robot's torso was driven to the " up " position from the initial pose. This problem is a very complex version of a traveling salesman problem TSP and is not easily solvable since even the ordinary TSP is hard to find the exact solution. In Section 4  , the time-suboptimal task sequence planning and time-efficient trajectory planning for two arms with free final configurations and unspecified terminal travelling time are integrated. Section 3 formulates the inspection task sequence planning as a variation of the TSP  , and simulated annealing 15  is introduced to find a timesuboptimal route. To establish the framework for modeling search strategies  , we view the query optimization problem as a search problem in the most general sense. In PT modification  , which occurs in randomized and genetic strategies  , states are complete IQ  , an action is a transform or a crossover method and the goal description involves a stop condition based on specific parameters of the search strategies e.g. , time constraint in iterative-improvement  , temperature in simulated-annealing or number of generations in genetic strategies. Experimental evaluation suggests that x 0 = 0.8 and a T 0 equal to the similarity of the initial solution  , is the best combination for the initial value of T. For decreasing the value of T  , we apply the common e.g. , 19 decrement rule: Thus  , the training time for the simulated annealing method can be greatly reduced. It was found experimentally that if the NN is trained once at a low temperature and the output temperature temperature of sigmoidal function of hidden layer is set to a high temperature T  , and then frozen down gradually   , the effects on the potential function are similar to the ones obtained by having trained the NN each time the temperature is reduced. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. , NDCG by using the Simulated Annealing which uses a modification of downhill Simplex method for the next candidate move to find the global min- imum. Some other approaches for directly optimizing IR measures use Genetic Programming 1  , 49 or approximate the IR measures with the functions that are easy-to-handle 44  , 12. This also happens to be the KB that we did more experiments on since it provided more complexity and more representative prob- lems. For example  , in both cases AEi is always negative for some move i  , until a local minima is reached and such minima are few in the complete reconfiguration of the robot from the initial to the final configuration. It deals effectively with path planning  , and incorporates the method of simulated annealing to avoid local minima regardless of domain dimension or complexity . Our path planning approach provides flexibility due to the automatic use of as many VPs as necessary based on the complexity of the planned path  , efficiency due to the use of the necessary via points for the path representation at all times  , and massive parallelism due to the parallel computation of individual VP motions with only local infonnation. This parameter selection approach can be viewed as a function minimizing method  , where the input of the objective function is the parameter of the underlying learner and the value of the function is the aggregated error of the underlying method on a fixed optimization set. A way to avoid local minima is the use of simulated annealing on the potential field representation of the obstacle regions: the potential field represents abstractly the obstacle region and  , as time goes by  , the representation becomes more accurate. However  , due to the representation of the collision function by a potential field  , path planning may stick into local minima as it is shown in figure 6 d where the obstacle regions are represented by two rectangular regions. The concept of building robots which are capable of changing their structure according to the needs of the prescribed task and the conditions of the environment has been inspired from the idea of forming topologically different objects with a single and massively interconnected system. In PT generation  , the initial state is constituted by the relations and predicates from the input query together with related schema information  , states are join nodes  , an action is an expand method and goal states are join nodes that correspond to complete PTs e.g. , j2 and j3 in Figure 1. Moreover  , IMRank always works well with simple heuristic rankings  , such as degree  , strength. We also prove the convergence of IMRank and analyze the impact of initial ranking. Therefore  , IMRank is robust to the selection of initial ranking  , and IMRank works well with an initial ranking prefering nodes with high influence  , which could be obtained efficiently in practice. A bad initial ranking prefers nodes with low influence. In sum  , we have theoretically and empirically demonstrated the convergence of IMRank. Therefore  , one can stop IMRank safely in practice by checking the change of top-k nodes between two successive iterations. With the empirical results we conclude:  With different initial rankings  , IMRank could converge to different self-consistent rankings. Performance of IMRank with Random initial ranking and Random ranking alone are averaged over 50 trials. In this section  , we first theoretically prove the convergence of IMRank. Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr After each iteration of IMRank  , a ranking r is adjusted to another ranking r ′ . However  , IMRank consistently improves the initial rankings in terms of obtained influence spread. However  , the improvements of IMRank seems more visible under the TIC model. In addition  , under the two different diffusion models  , IMRank shows similar improvements on influence spread from the relative improvement angle. Therefore  , the running time of IMRank is affordable. dmax equals to the largest indegree among all nodes when l = 1. We explore those questions by empirically simulating IMRank with five typical initial rankings as follows  , Empirical results on the HEPT dataset under the WIC model are reported in Figure 3  , to compare the performance of IMRank with different initial rankings  , as well as the performance of those rankings alone. If not  , what initial ranking corresponds to a better result ? This indicates that IMRank is efficient at solving the influence maximization problem via finding a final self-consistent ranking. We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. According to extensive experiment results  , T is always significantly smaller than k. Besides  , dmax is usually much smaller than n  , e.g. Finally  , the time complexity of IMRank is OnT dmax log dmax  , where T is the number of iterations IMRank takes before convergence.  We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. IMRank achieves both remarkable efficiency and high accuracy by exploiting the interplay between the calculation of ranking-based marginal influence spread and the ranking of nodes.  We design an efficient last-to-first allocating strategy to approximately estimate the ranking-based marginal influence spread of nodes for a given ranking  , further improving the efficiency of IMRank. IMRank only takes 3 and 5 iterations to achieve a stable and high influence spread under the two models respectively. We employ the relative influence spread  , i.e. , the ratio of the obtained influence spread in each iteration to the obtained influence spread when IMRank converges. Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in Thus  , it helps IMRank to converge to a good ranking if influential nodes are initially ranked high. Figure 2a shows the percent of different nodes in two successive iterations. We run IMRank to select 50 seed nodes. Since IMRank is guaranteed to converge to a self-consistent ranking from any initial ranking  , it is necessary to extend the discussion to its dependence on the initial ranking: does an arbitrary initial ranking results in a unique convergence ? Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in The consistent performance of IMRank1 and IMRank2 demonstrates the effectiveness of IMRank. With the running time dramatically reduced  , IMRank1 still achieves better influence spread which is about 5.5% and 4.5% higher than that of IRIE and PMIA respectively. The inconsistent performance of PMIA and IRIE under the two diffusion models illustrates that both PMIA and IRIE are unstable. IMRank2 consistently provides better influence spread than PMIA and IRIE  , and runs faster than them. Figure 2b depicts the influence spread of top-50 nodes. To combat this problem  , we propose a Last-to-First Allocating LFA strategy to efficiently estimate Mr  , leveraging the intrinsic interdependence between ranking and ranking-based marginal influence spread. However  , prohibitively high computational cost makes it impractical for IMRank. The time and space complexity of IMRank with the generalized LFA strategy is low. The LFA strategy is a special case of the generalized LFA strategy with l = 1. The influence spread of top-k nodes seems always converges with smaller number of iterations than the convergence of the set of top-k nodes. To combat the above problem  , we propose a generalized LFA strategy that trades a slight increase in running time for better accuracy in estimating Mr  , and therefore improves the performance of IMRank on influence spread. When v1 is selected as a seed  , it is possible that it activates v3 and then v3 as an intermediate agent activates v2. Since each Ik has an upper bound i.e. , n  , IMRank eventually converges to a self-consistent ranking within a finite number of iterations  , starting from any initial ranking. Based on the above conclusion  , as long as the current ranking is not a self-consistent ranking  , in each iteration all the values of Ik1 ≤ k ≤ n are nondecreasing  , and at least one Ik increases. Defining the I-space and a continuous mapping from I-space onto W-space. 2. A mapping from capability space to resource space expresses the fidelity profiles of available applications. A mapping from capability space to utility space expresses the user's needs and preferences. As described by Heck- bert Hec86   , the traditional graphical texturing problem comprises mapping a defined texture from some convenient space called the texture-space   , to the screen-space. Texture generation and mapping has received considerable attention in graphics. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Example. Let R be the orientation mapping from the surface-space to the world-space The object's surface-space can thus be mapped to world-space. This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. T ?iEW.flT J  , . For homogeneous robots  , it is the mapping From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. We call this new space the reduced information space and the mapping from the information space onto it the aggregation map. Among the many possible ways of choosing a partition   , one solution is to choose a particular function mapping the information space onto a smaller tractable space. The radial distance between the camera and target  , as measured along the optical axis  , factors into this mapping. Tracking by camera pan requires mapping pixel positions in the image space to target bearing angles in the task space. This fixed mapping gives more flexibility to the k-mer feature space  , but only increases the size of the feature space by a constant factor of 2. Thus  , the fixed 3  , 1 wildcard mapping of abc is {abc  , a*c}. The tangential space mapping where V s 7 is tlie gradient function for 7. and Veep is tlie tangential space mapping of the kinematic function' . because it is com- Differentiating tlie where D denotes the differential operator. the arm is in constant contact with the obstacle . Mapping transforms the problem of hashing keys into a different problem  , in a different space. The overall Mapping- Ordering-Searching MOS scheme is illustrated in Figure   2. Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. Stage 1. The directory space. , id-r for some mapping function G. yet to be defined. Reverse mapping is indicated by dotted arrows  , where the mapping of force flows in the opposite direction as velocity. The " directions " of these matrices show the forward mapping of velocity from one space to another. The mapping can include time variant contact conditions and also timely past and/or future steps during manipulation. The skill mapping SM gives the relation between the desired object trajectory This skill mapping SM maps from the 6-dimensional object position and orientation space to the 3n- dimensional contact point space. The texture properties are defined relative to an object's surface. Let R be the orientation mapping from the surface-space to the world-space The relationship between the topic space and the term space cannot be shown by a simple expression. The mapping is given by the matrix shown in equation 5. Of course  , this mapping concurs with inaccuracy. Similar patterns in the input space lie in a geographical near position in the output space. It admits infinite number of joint-space solutions for a given task-space trajectory. For a kinematically redundant system  , the mapping between task-space trajectory and the join-space trajectory is not unique. the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. A key component of this measure. J is the Jacobian matrix of linkage kinematics in leg space. These parameters are used to derive a mapping from each camera's image space to the occupancy map space. and is described by the following equations: v  , = v&+ B; denotes the stiffness mapping matrix relating the operational space to the fingertip space. In 2  , Koo and K ,  , denote the independent stiffness elements of the operational space and the fingertip space  , respectively. There is a continuous many-to-one mapping from I-space t o W-space determined by the forward kinematics of the arm. For any point in I-space  , there is a unique corresponding arm endpoint position in W-space. A singular value decomposition of this mapping provides the six-dimensional resolvabilify measure  , which can be interpreted as the system's ability to resolve task space positions and orientations on the sensor's image plane. The object centered Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space is an essential component of the sensor placement measure . The key idea in mapping to a higher space is that  , in a sufficiently high dimension  , data from two categories can always be separated by a hyper-plane. The mapping is done through kernel functions that allow us to operate in the input feature-space while providing us the ability to compute inner products in the kernel space. The mapping  , termed the planar kinematic mapping in Bottema and Roth 1979  , is a special case of dual quaternion representation of object position in a three dimensional space. The Image Space is a three dimensional projective space with four homogeneous coordinates . For the defined model the phase space is 6-dimensional. So the mapping Eunction is 5-dimensional. It requires  , first  , mapping a world description into a configuration space  , i.e. , generating the configuration space obstacles Lozano-Perez 811. The configuration space approach  , for example  , is computationally very expensive. In the case of our mobile robot we chose four particular variables for the reduced information vector. This kernel trick makes the computation of dot product in feature space available without ever explicitly knowing the mapping. 10. The Hilbert curve is a continuous fractal which maps each region of the space to an integer. We employ two well-known space-mapping techniques: the Hilbert space-filling curve 15 and iDistance 23. As a result  , collision checking is also performed directly in the work space. The robot links and obstacles are represented directly in the work space  , thus avoiding the complex mapping of obstacles onto the C-space. Although the mapping is diffeomorphic  , the transformed path to the joint space possibly does not coincide with the optimal path in the joint space. Suppose that one path is planned in z space by a certain optimization scheme. This slicing was developed in 6 for use in teleoperation of robot arm manipulators. To alleviate this problem  , we propose a second mapping which transforms the 3D C-space into a discontinuous 2D space of " sliced " C-space obstacles. Available resource levels are provided by the system  , and constrain the configuration space to a feasible region. The resulting dynamical model is described by fewer equations in the u-space. The redundancy allows one to obtain a low-order model for the manipulator dynamics by mapping the joint velocity q- space to a pseudovelocity U- space. First  , a conventional automobile is underactuated non-holonomic  , so the mapping from C-space to action space is under-determined . An action space approach is attractive for the purposes of cross-country navigation for several reasons. But unlike the mapping on a basis  , a mapping to a dictionary does not allow the reconstruction of the data element. Similar to the mapping on a basis the mapping on a dictionary takes as input a data space element and outputs a coordinate vector. Experiments in 1  , 5 show that the LegoDB mapping engine is very effective in practice and can lead to reductions of over 50% in the running times of queries as compared to previous mapping techniques. LegoDB is a cost-based XML storage mapping engine that automatically explores a space of possible XML-torelational mappings and selects the best mapping for a given application. We have proved that the forbidden region of an obstacle can be computed only by mapping the boundary of the obstacle using the derived mapping function. A mapping function has been derived for mapping the obstacles into their corresponding forbidden regions in the work space. Also  , the stiffness mapping matrix B; between the operational space and the fingertip space of each hand can be represented by where i  B ;   denotes the stiffness mapping matrix between the operational space and the fingertip space of the ith hand. In this case  , the stiffness matrix in the operational space can be expressed as where i  K f  and ZG ,f denote the stiffness matrix in the fingertip space of the ith hand and the Jacobian matrix relating the fingertip space of the ith hand to the operational space  , respectively. Due to space limitations  , we cannot present all mapping rules. Where needed an informal explanation of the mapping rule is given and finally a formal definition using first-order predicate logic is given. However  , non-holonomic vehicles have constrained paths of traversal and require a different histogram mapping. The polar histogram is a suitable mapping from grid space to the histogram bins for holonomic vehicles with unconstrained steering directions. We have performed the task that pouring water from a bottle with the power grasp  , which can test the joint space mapping method. Some tasks were performed to evaluate the mapping method. This yields a coefficient vector with as many coordinates as there are dictionary elements. As reasoned above  , HePToX's mapping expressions define the data exchange semantics of heterogeneous data transformation. For space reasons  , here we just informally explain the mapping semantics by examining the two DTDs in Figure 1. The results of the Mapping stage are sufficiently random so that more space-expensive approaches are unnecessary . By using and extending Pearson's method 15   , mapping tables containing only 128 characters are produced . Teleoperation experiments show that the human hand model is sufficient accuracy for teleoperation task. The joint space mapping and modified fingertip position mapping method are exercised in the manipulation of dexterous robot hand. Instead we provide a few examples to illustrate the mapping. Providing the mapping of the entire OWL syntax into the three types of rules considered in this paper is beyond the scope and space limitations of this paper. Given the search space ΩP  covering all possible mappings   , finding a C min mapping boils down to inferring subsumption relationship between a mapping and the source predicate  , and between two mappings. Section 5.2 will discuss this approach in details. The transformation of pDatalog rules into XSLT is done once after the mapping rules are set up  , and can be performed completely automatically. The mapping is straight-forward  , but space precludes us from explaining it in detail. As in the example in Section 2  , the user provides the mapping between application resources and role-based access control objects using a Space-provided embedded domain-specific language. User-provided Mapping. The baseline approach builds a non-clustered index on each selection dimension and the rank mapping approach builds a multi-dimensional index for each ranking fragment. We compare the total space usage with baseline BL and rank mapping RM approaches. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the scnsorimotor mapping. The robot learns the mapping a.nd categorizations entirely within its seiisorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a priori internal representations. The parameters of the human hand model are calibrated by the open-loop calibration method based a vision system. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the sensorimotor mapping. The robot learns the mapping and catego-rizations entirely within its sensorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a przorz internal representations. In this context a datatype theory T is a partial mapping from URIrefs to datatypes. A RDFSDL vocabulary V is a set of URIrefs a vocabulary composed of the following disjoint sets:  VC is the set of concept class names  VD is the set of datatype names  VRA is the set of object property names  VRD is the set of datatype property names  VI is the set of individual names As in RDF  , a datatype " d " is defined by two sets and one mapping: Ld lexical space  , Vd value space and L2Vd the mapping from the lexical space to the value space. That is  , the cross-modal semantically related data objects should have similar hash codes after mapping. Then we attempt to learn a bridging mapping matrix  , M  , to map the hash codes from mpdimensional hamming space to mq-dimensional hamming space or vice versa  , by utilizing the cross-modal semantic correlation as provided by training data objects. By using this representation  , the robot is shrunk to a point with its position being represented by its end effector and the obstacles are represented as forbidden regions in the work space. If we control the sparsity of projection matrix A  , we could significantly reduce the mapping computation cost and the memory size storing projection matrix. But a large number of latent intents would greatly increase the cost of mapping queries from book space to the latent intent space. The coordinate form representation of the latter is given by tlie n x n manipulator Jacobian matrix DecpO. These solutions realize a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. The Jacobian matrix mapping the joint and the operational vector spaces of the fully-isotropic T3R2-type parallel manipulators presented in this paper is the identity 5×5 matrix throughout the entire workspace. For example   , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closedloop structured finger such as the finger with five-bar mechanism described in 8  , the backward mapping is unique. Note that the forward or backward Jacobian mapping between the joint space and the fingertip space may not be unique due to the structure of finger used in robot hands. In this paper  , we treat a robot hand with five-bar finger mechanism and then the stiffness relation between the fingertip space and joint space is described by using the backward Jacobian mapping. The lexical-to-value mapping is the obvious mapping from the documents to their class of equivalent OWL Full ontologies. To make this clear  , consider a datatype where the lexical space is the set of Turtle documents  , and the value space contains the equivalent classes of RDF graphs according to the OWL 2 RDF-based semantics entailment regime a.k.a OWL 2 Full. 1 We learn the mapping Θ by maximizing the likelihood of the observed times τi→j. We formalize this as τi→j ∼ f x; θ = Θai  , where Θ denotes a mapping from the space of actions A to the space of parameters of the probability density function f x; θ. Figure 1 shows the two essential mappings for skillful object manipulation. That is where it hurts in parallel kinematics  , especially when one considers only the actuator positions for sensing: the mapping is neither bijective several solutions to the forward kinematic problem nor differentiable singularities of any type. a differentiable bijective mapping between the sensor-space and the state-space of the system 16. Fullyisotropic PWs presented in this paper give a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. The Jacobian matrix mapping the joint and the operational vector spaces of the fully-isotropic PWs presented in this paper is the 3×3 identity matrix throughout the entire workspace. The hyper-plane is in a higher dimensional space called kernel space and is mapped from the feature space. toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. Since joint velocities incident to the constraint boundary aC i.e. A partial function I : S C mapping states to their information content is called an interpretation. Our theory distinguishes between an object state space S and an information content space C. The object state space consists of all the possible states that objects representing information might assume  , and the information space contains the information content representable in the object state space. The result is a task velocity toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. Mapping all the obstacles onto C-space is not computationally efficient for our particular problem; therefore  , collision detection is done in task space. In 19  , collision detection is done in C-space using the pre-determined C-space configuration although the random points are generated in task space. the set of positions and orientations that the robot tool can attain  , will be denoted by W = this section  , we show how the robot's task space can be mapped to the camera's visual feature space and then we will consider the mapping from the robot's configuration space to the visual feature space. The task space of the robot  , i.e. The control space is defined by the degrees of freedom of our haptic device  , the Phantom. However  , it is difficult to work in such a high-dimensional configuration space directly   , so we provide a mapping from a lower-dimensional control space to the configuration space  , and manipulate trajectories in the control space. The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. Each image space occupancy map is transformed to the map space by applying F equation 2. The 2n + 1 variables of.the access tree model form a 2n + 1 dimensional space R. The access model implies a mapping G: S ---> R from the space of file structures S ontu the space of all the combinations of model variable values  , R. This mapping is usually many-to-one because the variables only represent average characteristics of the file structures  , i.e. The details of these parameters are shown in Table 1. Weston et al 30 propose a joint word-image embedding model to find annotations for images. Then the model tries to learn a mapping from the image feature space to a joint space n R : A robotic system that has more than 6 dof degrees-of-freedom is termed as kinematically redundant system. Further  , addition and scalar multiplication cannot yield results similar to those performed in the data space. This implies that the mapping of a data element in the coordinate space of a dictionary does not allow reconstruction. Intuitively  , a tight connection between two documents should induce similar outputs in the new space. Let the mapping function Φ contain m elementary functions  , and each of them φ : X → R map documents into a onedimensional space. average pointer proportion and average size of filial sets of a level. But this mapping is not one-to-one  , there are infinite number of possible joint-space solutions for the same task-space trajectory. This is one of the most common techniques used for kinematically redundant systems. The tracking of features will be described in Section 3.1. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as f Figure 1 . Figure 2shows the resolvability of two different stereo camera configurations. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as Figure 4shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Since the mapping from I-space t o W-space is continuous  , and since a sphere is an orientable surface  , so is the cylinder surface. I Figurestead  , it is the surface of a cylinder Figure 5 . An alternative method of dealing with sparsity is by mapping the sparse high-dimensional feature space to a dense low-dimensional space. We describe it in more details next. Instead of mapping documents into a low-dimensional space  , documents are mapped into a high dimensional space  , but one that is well suited to the human visual system. Word clouds and their ilk take an alternative approach. Finally  , Space verifies that each data exposure allowed by the application code is also allowed by the catalog. Second  , Space uses the mapping defined by the user to specialize each exposure's constraints to the objects constrained by the catalog. To achieve the goal of partially automated configuration  , the model separates concerns into three spaces: user utility  , application capability  , and computing resources; and two mappings. 4 showed that the lexical features of the query space and the Web document space are different  , and investigated the mapping between query words and the words in visited search results in order to perform query expansion. Cui et al. In other words  , with longer lifespan  , the partitions at the upper corner of the space rendition contain more tuples  , hence more pages. Graphically  , their mapping points in the space rendition move up wards. The Hough transform 5 was developed as an aid to pattern recognition and is widely used today. Thus the Hough transform provides a one-to-one mapping of lines in the original space to points in the transform space. Ordering paves the way for searching in that new space  , so that locations can be identified in the hash table. In SMART the Jacobian is used for a wide variety of variable mappings. In robotics it typically refers to the velocity mapping between a robot's joint space and its world space motions. Many classical visualization techniques are based on dimensionality reduction  , i.e. , mapping high-dimensional data into a low dimensional space. The first is to visualize high-dimensional data in a high-dimensional space. To explain this mapping from intention space to relevancy space  , let us assume we have a resource R which has been tweeted by some author at time ttweet. Figure 2a This difference becomes larger in the region which is far from the origin. The unique mapping is highly related to the concept of observability. This transformed state space is equivalent to the state space consisting of the deflection angles θ and ψ i with its timederivatives . Figure 2: Mapping between sensor space and mental space based on empirical rules and physical intuition. Subconscious knowledge or techniques often play an important role in human task performance. Therefore  , it is represented by a mapping of the shape space Q into the force-distribution space T*Q. A compliance can be regarded as a conservative force field. Using the learned sensorimotor mapping and body ima.ge  , the robot chooses an action in the sensorimotor space to circumnavigate obstacles and reach goals. sensorimotor space that extends beyond the cmiera's view based on collisions. First  , for an input hyper-plane  , all the cluster boundaries intersect the hyper-plane are selected. More formally  , the forward mapping from the input space to the output space can be accomplished as follows. The paper is organized as follows. The proposed method uses a nullspace vector in the velocity mapping between the q-space and the u-space to guarantee the continuity in the joint velocities. Finally  , in Section 6 we describe several simulation experiments. This representation greatly simplifies collision checking and the search for a path. From this perspective  , visual tools can help to better understand and manipulate the mapping into the program space. In general  , programmers use a language to map their ideas into a program space. In fact  , the theoretical condition for the validity of a sensor-based control is that there exists a diffeomorphism i.e. A different approach is to derive a reduced-order dynamical manipulator model 6. A typical trial comprised the mapping of several hundred square metres of trials space  , followed by two or more days testing a wide variety of runs through this space. The sorting office had many impermanent sonar features. Let  , the joint velocity polytope of a n-dof manipulator be described by the 2n bounding inequalities: This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. Tracking in this manner is known as piloting 3 or steering 4. Note that this definition implicitly assumes to be able to generate negative values for the joint variables. These ellipsoids are the mapping froin unitary balls in t ,he velocity/force joint space to the analogous in the task space. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 3shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration . In this paper  , we consider a compliance and damping as impedance elements. On the other hand  , a damping is a mapping of the shape-velocity space TQ into its dual space T*Q. However  , there is a large gap between the problem space and the solution space. Establishing a mapping between domain model and the architecture is the objective of domain engineering 16. To compare the operations allowed by an application to those permitted by our security patterns  , a mapping is required between the objects defined in the RBAC model and the resources defined by the application. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Space asks the user to define this mapping. In many cases  , this mapping is obvious a resource named " User " in the application   , for example  , almost always represents RBAC users  , but in general it is not possible to infer the mapping directly. Formally  , it is a mapping from types of application resources to types of RBAC objects; the mapping is a relation  , since some application resources may represent more than one type of RBAC object. The robot learns a sensorimotor mapping and affordance categorizations or proto-symbols and uses the mapping for primitive navigation to exploit affordances. The robot learns a sensorimotor mapping and affordance categorizations and projects the mapping into the future to exploit affordances . The results of the experiment are summarized in Figure 4. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive We transformed the strings to an integer space by mapping them to their frequency vectors. to transform one string to the other. Extensive fault tests show that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly hurt reliability. This exposure can be reduced by write protecting buffer pages. These embeddings often capture and/or preserve linguistic properties of words. Word-embeddings are a mapping from words to a vector space. plastic  , metal or glass  , to friction cone angles that define the grasp wrench space. On a basic level  , this is often approached by mapping discrete material properties  , e.g. The XSLT stylesheets are created based on the pDatalog rules. In this section  , we formally define the extension of the database . However  , due to space limitation  , we describe the intension to extension mapping only. So uncertainty can be represented as a sphere in a six dimensional space. Thus the mapping from one we consider the characteristically same configuration of a manipulator. The -mapping model confirms that this gap does exist in the 4-D space. The gap between cluster A and B can be visually perceived. Triplify automatically generates all the resources in the update URI space  , when the mapping µ in the Triplify configuration contains the URL pattern " update " . Invocation. However  , space precludes an explanation here. There are additional details that concern how to preserve the data structure which holds the mapping of disk pages to buffer pages. Another dynamically consistent nullspace mapping  , which fits very well in the framework of operational space control  , was proposed by Khatih 61: by the manipulator's mass matrix. The language model described in 2 falls in this category. This mapping has two main advantages. We then apply the space-filling curve to this future position to obtain the second component of Equation 1. Clearly  , this constraint reduces the size of our search space. Thus  , when we come to mapping the root location  , we only consider configurations meeting the constraint. However  , the efficiency of exhaustion is still intolerable when SqH is large. The introduction of Query-Topic Mapping reduces the search space significantly in Opti-QTM. This mapping can be extended naturally to expressions. The repair space is thus E ∪ S. We recall that a program state σ maps variables to values. Therefore  , we only describe a number of representative examples  , though others can be described in a similar way. Traditional information retrieval systems have focused on mapping a well-articulated query onto an existing information space 4  , 43. Integrating Queries and Browsing. This places reliable memory under complete database control  , eliminates double buffering  , and simplifies recovery. Mapping reliable memory into the database address space allows a persistent database buffer cache. In the EROC architecture this mapping function is captured by the abstraction mapper. Logical expressions are mapped by an optimizer search engine to a space of physical expressions. We also show this in the demo. First artificial space-variant sensors are described in 22. Such a peripherally graded pattern was first expressed as a conformal exponential mapping in 21. This dictionary element is therefore represented twice. After this approach  , C hyperplanes are obtained in the feature space. is a mapping function and b i is a scalar. However  , the lack of this optimization step as of now does not impact the soundness of the approach. This helps to prune the space for conducting containment mapping. When we increase the mean lifespan of tuples  , more tuples have longer lifespan. The exact mapping of topics and posts to vectors depends on the vector space in which we are operating. Vector construction. Tracking of articulated finger motion in 3D space is a highdimensional problem. The corresponding mapping from classified hand postures to Barrett configurations is selected offline in advance. We can understand them as rules providing mapping from input sensor space to motor control. For the sake of clarity  , the parameters listed are also discretized. The mapping of the Expressivity to more than one sub-parameter consequently constrains the space of all possible configurations. ble as to be seen in Figure 3 . The space of word clouds is itself high-dimensional  , and indeed  , might have greater dimension than the original space. Our use of the stress function is slightly unusual  , because instead of projecting the documents onto a low-dimensional space  , such as R 2   , we are mapping documents to the space of word clouds. So  , in a rr@rm space  , in which slope is plotted along one axis and intercept along the other  , every point uniquely determines and is uniquely determined by a line in the regular space. Absolute space comes from the idea that the representation for each space should be independent of all other spaces. I Absolute Space Representation: An Absolute Space Representation or ASR 7   , is a cognitive mapping technique used to build models of rooms or spaces visited. Since an adversary can no longer simulate a one-to-n item mapping by a one-to-one item mapping  , in general  , we can fully utilize the search space of a one-to-n item mapping to increase the cost of attack and prevent the adversary to easily guess the correct mapping. Note that the number of possible transformed transactions is 2 |B S F | which is much larger than the number of possible original transactions 2 |I| . Because it is difficult to build a feature space directly  , instead kernel functions are used to implicitly define the feature space. This mapping is defined as φ : X → F   , where X is the original space  , and F is the feature space. Because the synibol space is continuous space and the dynainics in this space is continuous system  , the continuous change of the vector field in the inotioIi space and the continuous motion transition is realized. By the mapping function F  , the reduced motion zk is extracted t o the joint angles of the robot 9k. U refers to map the query text q from the m-dimensional text space to the kdimensional latent space by a liner mapping  , and V refers to map the retrieved image d from the n-dimensional image space to the k-dimensional latent space. where U ∈ R k×m and V ∈ R k×n . Lewis Lew89 surveys methods based on noise  , while Perlin Per851 Per891 presents noisebased techniques which by-pass texture space. Since the animation and the trajectory are equivalent  , we may alter the trajectory and derive a new animation from the altered trajectory. For example  , the integral and differential equations which map A-space to C-space in a flat 2D world are given below: During the transient portion the steering mechanism is moving to its commanded position at a constant rate. The mapping from A-space to C-space is the well-known Fresnel Integrals which are also the equations of dead reckoning in navigation. To find the stiffness relation between the joint space and the fingertip space  , it is first needed to consider the structure of finger in the hand. The wirtual obstacle is a continuum of points in I-space corresponding t o those arm positions in W-space at which the arm intersects some obstacles. When the hand system grasps the peg for the compliance center 0 1 of Figure 4   , this is identical to combine the two cases of Figures 2If the compliance center is moved to the point 0 2   , the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y1 in 6 changes into negative  , and the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y2 in 11 changes into negative . While a tight as possible mapping uses the reach space of the robot hand optimally   , it may nevertheless occur that  , since the human finger's workspace can only be determined approximately   , some grasps may lead to finger tip positions which lie outside reach space of the artificial hand. When considering the mapping of the reach spaces of the human and robot hands we are faced with the following problem. For a more complete description of this mapping from activation level space to force space  , see 25. Extreme points in the space of applied forces are created by limits in activation levels some tendons will be at their maximum force and some will be inactive. Then the two robots exchange roles in order to explore a chain of free-space areas which forms a stripe; a series of stripes are connected together to form a trapezoid. One robot moves and sweeps the line of visual contact across the free space  , thus mapping a single region of free space. LSH is a framework for mapping vectors into Hamming space  , so that the distances in the Hamming hash space reflect those in the input space: similar vectors map to similar hashes. Among the common methods to achieve this is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 1. The one-class classification problem is formulated to find a hyperplane that separates a desired fraction of the training patterns from the origin of the feature space F. This hyperplane cannot be always found in the original feature space  , thus a mapping function Φ : F − → F   , from F to a kernel space F   , is used. in 21. In vector-space retrieval  , a document is represented as a vector in t-dimensional space  , where t is the number of terms in the lexicon being used. Documents are retrieved by mapping q into the row document space of the term-document matrix  , A: Therefore  , it can be computed off-line and used as a look-up table  , forming the following pseudo-code: The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. It is not possible  , in general  , to compute the speed and steering commands which will cause a vehicle to follow an arbitrary C-space curve. The interface allows direct mapping between the interaction space to a 3D physical task space  , such as air space in the case of unmanned aerial vehicles UAVs  , or buildings in the case of urban search and rescue USAR or Explosive Ordnance Disposal EOD robotic tasks. The 3D Tractus was designed with 3D spatial tangible user interfaces TUIs themes in mind. Denote the joint space of an n-joint  , serialdifferentiability of g is necessary because the joint accelerations are bounded  , and therefore the joint velocities must be continuous . In its most abstract form  , the forward kinematics of a serial-link manipulator can be regarded as a mapping from joint space to operational space. The space overhead problem is crucial for Semantic Search  , which involves the: use of a space consuming indexing relation: A weighted mapping between indexing terms and document references. We study the two complcmcntary access methods through a common approach designed to improve time access and space overhead  , the Signature techniques Crh84. The construction of the configuration space  , the control space  , the mapping between them and the haptic forces makes it possible to author and edit animations by manipulating trajectories in the control space. We have provided several techniques for editing existing trajectories  , and as this is done the user can see the effect on the animation in real time. For example  , we can present a current situation and retrieve the next feasible situation through interpolation. With the FSTM partitioned effectively as an union of hyper-ellipsoids  , we can obtain the mapping from an input space of a dimensions to an output space of f3 dimensions in the N-dimensional augmented space  , a+f31N. If our thesis is correct  , physical TUIs such as the 3D Tractus can help reduce the ratio of users per robots in such tasks  , and offer intuitive mapping between the robotic group 3D task space and the user's interaction space. Examples may range from mining tasks  , space exploration  , UAVs or Unmanned Undersea Vehicles UUV. ORDBMSs that execute UDFs outside the server address space could employ careful mapping of address space regions to obtain the same effect. Also  , calls to SAPI functions from the AM extension execute as regular C function calls within the server address space  , so there is no need to " ship " the currently active page to the AM extension; copy overhead is therefore avoided. However  , subsequent research publications report 1 ,13 that a direct mapping from source to target TUs without an intermediate phonetic representation often leads to better results. Pt|s as a series of conversions from the grapheme space spelling of the source language to the phoneme space pronunciation  , and then to the grapheme space of the target language. The manipulator knows some mappings from the problem space to the solution space and estimates the mapping for the goal problem by using them. The solution space is a set of manipulator trajectories or a label representing there is no solution for the problem. We will discuss the haptics in Section 2.3  , but first we give the mathematical model. During learning  , the simple classifier is trained over dataset T producing a hypothesis h mapping points from input space X to the new output space Y . This is necessary during the search over the space of subsets of clusters  , and while estimating final predictive accuracy. FigureObject a has a different geometrical feature than object b  , yet under many grasping configurations  , the relation between the body attached coordinate system of the gripper and the object is the same. Furthermore  , this mapping is naturally a many to many mapping that can be reduced to a many to one mapping in obstacle free environments  , thus reducing the learning space and resulting in a much better generalization. In this figure  , the transformations are defined as: 2 functionfis also relating between gripper and object configurations  , then the relationship between an object geometry  , task requirements and gripper constraints can now be mapped to a generic relation between two coordinate systems. In future it is likely that as we move to a push model of information provision we should provide the means to have local variants of ontologies mapping into our AKT computer science 'standard reference' ontology. In this version of CS AKTive Space we have not included this ontology mapping capability since we have been responsible for engineering the mapping of the heterogeneous information content. The mapping provided by the user translates between the RBAC objects constrained by the pattern catalog and the resource types defined in the application code. Space requires the mapping above and MediumClone's source code—it needs no further input or guidance from the user. Space does not permit entire rules templates are shown or the inclusion of the entire mapping rule set  , but this is not needed to show how the homomorphism constrains the rules. In order to illustrate the interaction between metamodels   , a homomorphism  , and a set of mapping rules  , we examine portions of two rules from the formalization of UML with Promela. If space-filling curves are used  , the mapping is distance-preserving  , i. e. similar values of the original data are mapped on similar index data  , and that for all dimensions. By mapping multi-dimensional data to one-dimensional values  , a one-dimensional indexing method can be applied. The PSOM concept SI can be seen as the generalization of the SOM with the following three main extensions: the index space S in the Kohonen map is generalized to a continuous mapping manifold S E Etm. Unfortunately  , in general the planes do not match at the borders of the Voronoi-cells  , which may leave discontinuities in the overall mapping. Also  , we performed some teleoperation tasks to test modified fingertip position mapping method such as: grasping a litter cube block only with index finger and thumb; grasping a bulb and a table tennis ball with four fingers. Figure 2shows the structure of the global address scheme and an example mapping. To build a global catalogue of a user's personal information space  , each file needs to have a unique and non-ambiguous mapping between a global namespace and its actual location. The basic approach in 9 is to treat the problem as a search for desired functions in a large search space s. In actuality  , preparatory Mapping and Ordering steps are needed so that fast Searching can take place. The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. Hence  , the recommender system can explain to u3 that " T oy Story " is recommended because he/she likes comedy and " T oy Story " is a comedy. Here  , we adopt the PARAFAC model 4 to carry out further tensor decomposition on the approximate core tensorˆStensorˆ tensorˆS to obtain a set of projection matricesˆPmatricesˆ matricesˆP The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. The best among the derived configurations is selected using cost estimates obtained by a standard relational optimizer. We represent the design space synthesis function  , c  , as a semantic mapping predicate in our relational logic  , taking expressions in the abstract modeling language to corresponding concrete design spaces. Relation c can be seen as mapping abstract  , intensional models of design spaces to extensional representations   , namely sets of concrete design variants. Example 2.2 select culture painting title : t  , Figure 5: Path-to-path Mappings pings save space by factorizing DTD similarities and allow semi-automatic mapping generation. cultureepaintinggtitle is mapped to WorkOfArtttitle because their leaf nodes are equal and there is a mapping between the context of title cultureepainting and a sub-path of WorkOfArtttitle. This inference is specific to data types– For some types  , it is straightforward  , while others  , it is not. The solutions we obtain through mapping are not optimal; however  , due to the good locality properties of the space mapping techniques  , information loss is low  , as we demonstrate experimentally in Section 6. Recall that both optimal k-anonymity and -diversity are NP-hard 14  , 13  in the multi-dimensional case. It is desired to ensure the mapping functions Φx to be consistent with respect to the structure of G| T V  , E. In the following  , we measure the information loss of each k-anonymous or -diverse group using N CP   , and the information loss over the entire partitioning using GCP see Section 2. For navigation  , the mapping is served as the classifier for the distribution of features in sensor space and the corresponding control commands. The learned lookuptable is the reactive 191 sensorcontrol mapping that explicitly stores the relations between different local environmental features and the corresponding demonstrated control commands. In this method  , the optimal trajectories in the state space are grouped using the data obtained from cell mapping. A cell mapping based method has been developed to systematically generate the rules of a near-optimal fuzzy controller for autonomous car parking. The information bases under the other mappings show the same general trend. Although we ran comparisons under all three mappings  , due to space constraints  , we show only measurements taken under the M-NC mapping  , because M-NC was the superior mapping in Section 5.2. Space uses this mapping to specialize the constraints derived from the checks present in the code to the set of RBAC objects  , so that the two sets of security checks can be compared. If the handles were clustered  , the strength of Btrees and direct mapping was exhibited. If the handles were clustered randomly  , direct mapping performed a little better than both hashing and the B+-tree because it used significantly less disk space about 30 ,000 pages. When a robot link moves around an obstacle  , the link-obstacle contact conditions vary between vertex-edge and edge-vertex contacts . In this paper  , we investigate the collision-free path planning problem for a robot with two aims cooperating in the robot's work space. However  , despite the importance of vision as a localization sensor  , there has been limited work on creating such a mapping for a vision sensor. Having a mapping of sensor performance across the configuration space has been argued to be beneficial and important. Particular mapping functions have to be defined  , which makes the problem more complex but in turn only meaningful configurations might be created. Experimental results on a Pentium 4 with an average load of 0.15 have shown an average query time of 0.03 seconds for the mapping and 0.35 seconds for the ranking when mapping to 300 terms. These are compared to Ouδ for the vector space method. The user can interact in the 3D domain by physically sliding the 3D Tractus surface up and down in space. Within the RDS we can treat elements of X as if they were vectorial and  , depending on the approximative quality of the mapping  , we can expect the results to be similar to those performed if they were defined in the original space. The RDS R – a quotient space given by the equivalence class of coefficient vectors resulting in the same dictionary element over the vector space R n – and the RDIP ·  , ·· R form a vector space with inner product. Queries belonging to this URL pattern have to return at least two columns. Figure 4 shows that the first two latent dimensions cluster the outlets in interpretable ways. We start by looking at the mapping of the labeled outlets  , as listed in Table 3  , in the space spanned by the latent dimensions. We emphasize that these features cannot be calculated before the result page is formed  , thus do not participate in the ranking model. Namely  , let W be the function mapping the space of Yfeatures to the weights: To our knowledge  , this is the first work that measures how often data is corrupted by database crashes. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly decrease reliability. Our second software design Section 5.2 addresses this problem by mapping the Rio file cache into the database address space. Second  , databases can manage memory more optimally than a file system can  , because databases know more about their access patterns. This exposes reliable memory to database crashes  , and we quantify the increased risk posed by this design. This is consistent with the estimates given in Sullivan9la  , Sullivan93J. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space has only a small effect on the overall reliability of the system. Then any multi-dimensional indexing method can be used to organize  , cluster and efficiently search the resulting points. The idea is to extract n numerical features from the objects of int ,erest  , mapping them into points in n-dimensional space. First  , we generated a dictionary that has a mapping between terms and their integer ids. In this section  , we describe how we transformed the candidate documents in each sub-collection into its representation in the Vector Space Model VSM. Documents are retrieved by mapping q into the row document space of the term-document matrix  , A: Like the documents  , queries are represented as tdimensional vectors  , and the same weighting is applied to them. We address these two issues by mapping the answer and question to a shared latent space and measure their similarity there. Therefore  , surface level similarity measures such as Cosine or Jaccard will fail to identify relevant propositions. TermWatch maps domain terms onto a 2D space using a domain mapping methodology described in SanJuan & Ibekwe-SanJuan 2006. For the second period 2006-2008  , 1938 records were obtained. In this paper we introduce one way of tackling this problem. Mapping navigable space is important for mobile robots and can also he a product in its own right  , e.g. , in the case of reconnaissance . IJsing this mapping reactive obstacle avoidance can be achieved. This effectively maps the low-dimensional force vector F from the workspace into the high-dimensional joint space of the manipulator. This could be done by mapping the object parameters into the feature space and thus writing them as a geometric constraint. In the case that a model of the environment is given  , one might also wish to incorporate obstacle constraints . We also plan to apply this method to general C-space mapping for convex polyhedra. We hope to extend this method in the future to work with non-convex polyhedra. Due to space limitation  , the detailed results are ignored. The results are beyond our expectations: the learned lexical mapping did not help for all the three ranking methods CS  , QL and KL. Finally  , an implementation of concurrent control as a mapping of constraints between individual controllers is demonstrated. Fourth  , a general framework for concurrent control borrowing from priority-based null-space control of redundant manipulators is described. Nevertheless it's possible that with different kernels one could improve on our results. It appears that the data does form a consistent mapping in high dimensional space  , and therefore we were able to get good results. This paper explores the utility of MVERT for exploration and observing multiple dynamic targets. These approaches build maps of an unknown space by selecting longterm goal points for each robot Other approaches focus more mapping I81 19. In semi-autonomous navigation  , omnidirectional translational motion is used for mapping desired user velocities to the configuration space. The robot is driven by selecting commands on the ASPICE GUIs; a mouse is used as input device. We then calculate the mean of its column-wise Pearson correlation coefficients with Y . The slice held out is then mapped to the 3-D latent space with mapping matrix and appended to the learned embeddings of the other slices. We c m directly transfer the calibrated joints value measured by the CyberGlove@ to the robot hand. After h e calibration and knowing accurate joint angles of human hand fingers  , the joint space mapping is easy to fulfill. If the automated system could function well in this space  , then it will also function well in the retirement community. The automated behavioral mapping surveillance system was setup to replicate the installation area  , as well as the ambient lighting conditions. These include scaling  , rotation  , and synchronization of observations from several tours of a space. Beck and Wood 2 include several common operations involved in map-making in their model of urban mapping. The time series are further standardized to have mean zero and standard deviation one. The space V now consists of all time series extracted from shapes with the above mapping . Let¨be Let¨Let¨be a feature mapping and be the centroid matrix of¨´µ of¨´µ  , where the input data matrix is represented as in the feature mappingörmappingör the feature space explicitly. At this time  , it might be effective to subtract the explained component in the target ordering from sample orders. After that  , by mapping attribute vectors to the new sub-space  , components in attributes related to this vector are subtracted. An intermediate future work would be to incorporate the XQuery logical optimization technique in 9  in our normalization step to reduce the possible navigation redundancies in the VarTree representation. For discrete QoS dimensions  , for instance audio fidelity   , whose values are high  , medium and low  , we simply use a discrete mapping table to the utility space. latency by flipping the order of the good and bad values . Since the target predicate has a pre-defined domain of values  , each representing a range  , our search space is restricted to disjunctions of those ranges. Consider mapping between the price predicates in Example 1. triples that represent specific points in the geometric space. Mappings model both the descriptive characteristics of an object  ,  Relationships among objects are modeled by " domainobject   , mapping-object  , range-object. Thus  , mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space does not significantly lower reliability. These uncommitted buffers are vulnerable to the same degree in all three systems Section 5.2. But it does not become a subject of this paper so far as an n-a imensional space. We use this mapping to parameterize the grasp controller described in Section 3. The opposition space is important to this discussion because it links specific contact regions on the hand surface with the role they play in the grasp. The particular minimum of 3 in which the robot finds itself is dependent on the path traversed through through joint space to reach current joint angles. Thus the forward kinematics  , given the actuator states  , is not necessarily a unique mapping. For example  , a typical mapping approach  , called approximate cell decomposition 7  , maps an environment into cells of predefined shapes. There is usually a trade-off between low cost in time and space and high map fidelity and path quality. Second  , the inverse model  , the mapping from a desired state to the next action is not straightforward. First  , since soil is not rigid  , a C-space representation of natural terrain has very high dimensionality. The above results represent the first approach to a perception mapping system; it involves all sensors and all space around the robot. A crucial issue is naturally the sensor overlapping configuration. The global exploration st ,rategy provides the order in which these areas are explored. The local exploration strategy guides the path traveled for the mapping of a convex area of free space a triangle  , or a trapezoid. Section 2 extends Elfes' 2-D probabilistic mapping scheme to 3-D space and describes a framework for workspace modeling using probabilistic octrees. Finally  , simulation results and performance considerations are presented for the power line maintenance application. -procedures for mapping sensory errors into positional/rotational errors e.g. -providing the a-priori knowledge on the C-space configuration and the type of shared control active compliance or using nominal sensory pat- terns. This property can be viewed as the contraction of the phase space around the limit cycle. The mapping F is stable if the first return map of a perturbed state is closer to the fixed point. This is because we excluded the coupling terms iKfxyi=1 ,2 ,3 in the fingertip space for independent finger control. Note that the elements of the second row of the mapping matrix are calculated as zero. The sensory-motor elements are distributed and can be reused for building other sequences of actions. This will build a mapping of the sensory-motor space to reach this goal. In particularly  , by allowing random collisions and applying hash mapping to the latent factors i.e. We address this problem by implementing feature hashing 27 on the space of matrix elements. we can both reduce the search space and avoid many erroneous mappings between homonyms in different parts of speech. We assume that by mapping only nouns to nouns  , verbs to verbs  , etc. Imitation of hand trajectories of a skilled agent could be done through a mapping of the proprioceptive and external data. The collected data could be used for generating unexplored movement and for reaching unexplored positions in the action space. A mapping is defined by specifying an implementation component in the requires section of an abstract package definition. Abstract components from the problem space are distinguished from implementation components by having an empty location field in their package definition. The kernel function implicitly maps data into a highdimensional reproducing kernel Hilbert space RKHS 7  and computes their dot product there without actually mapping the data. is a kernel function  , and C > 0 is the cost parameter . Clearly  , this plot does not reveal structures or patterns embedded in the data because data dojects spread across the visual space. The right view of Figure 5 shows the result of a random mapping of host names. two different paths in the interpretation space can lead to the same program. If the mapping from problem descriptions to programs is to be rich enough to generate a sufficiently wide variety of programs  , ambiguity is an unavoidable consequence  , i.e. An architectural style specification  , omitted due to space limitation  , defines the co-domain of an architectural map. 10 } Listing 2: The elided mapping predicate for the SCC application type and REST architectural style Section 2 presents object-relational mapping ORM as a concrete driving problem. This paper provides one solution to this problem  , particularly for design space models expressible within a relational logic 20 . Space  , in contrast  , requires only that the programmer provide a simple object mapping. Boci´cBoci´c and Bultan 3 and Near and Jackson 24 check Rails code  , but require the user to write a specification. Later  , we generalized this idea to map the strings to their local frequencies for different resolutions by using a wavelet transform. 7  , 8  presented techniques for representing text documents and their associated term frequencies in relational tables  , as well as for mapping boolean and vector-space queries into standard SQL queries. Grossman et al. The acquired parameter values can then be used to predict probability of future co-occurrences. Figure 1: Mapping entities in folksonmies to conceptual space rameters by maximizing log-likelihood on the existing data set. Indeed  , mapping technology itself—including the prior technology of the printed map— privileges a particular cognitive perspective 9. Geographers and historians emphasize that a map advocates a way of thinking about space  , rather than transmitting the single correct representation. We address this problem by implementing feature hashing 28 on the space of matrix elements. We built an earlier Java-based prototype in order to rapidly explore the design space for visual mapping of organizations. Both the faces and the displayed information are obtained from a centralized corporate directory. Our choice of visual design builds upon one of the simplest hierarchical layouts  , the icicle plot 1. The classifier was trained to be conservative in handling the Non-Relevant categorization. After examining the relevancy of the datasets using our developed relevancy classifier  , we now use our TIRM mapping scheme in transforming the results into the intention space. Second  , suboptimal mappings have a larger impact in the two-dimensional space than in the unidimensional one. Thus  , mapping an entity to a suboptimal random coordinate affects the spatial deviation of more blocks in DBPedia than in BTC09. The access interface need only maintain a relatively simple mapping between object identifiers and storage locations. b Large holdings can be moved to wherever space is available  , without having to rewrite the corresponding catalog database. The attribute for each sample point object occupanjcy or free space was determined by the solid interference function "SOLINTERF" in AME. The sample points for RCE mapping were randomly selected in the CAD environment. Higher map resolution and better path usually mean more cells thus more space and longer planning time. This design offers more protection than the first two designs  , but manipulating protections may slow perfor- mance. Keeping an I/O interface to reliable memory requires the fewest modifications to an existing database but wastes memory capacity and bandwidth with double buffering. maximum heap space  , and the numbers of MultiExprs and ExprXlasses in the logical and physical expression spaces at the end of optimization. The columns in the tables show enumeration  , mapping  , and total optimization times  , estimated execution co&! This narrows down the search space of potential objects on the image significantly. Based on the mapping  , the FMA is used to retrieve a list of anatomical entities that could possibly be detected in this body region. Second  , consider the mapping of textual words into the latent space in LSCMR. But we find something interesting that though some topics overlap  , some smaller but more precise topics are discovered see the two " Biology " topics in Table 5. The mapping of feasible initial-state perturbations around a nominal initial state x 0 to sensor-observation perturbations is given by the observability matrix Let the columns of the matrix N span the null-space of B. We apply a. liyclrodynamic potential field in the sensorimotor spa.ce to choose an action cf. For an environment depicted in Fig. This histogram was established from a mapping from a 3D space to 2D ZXplane using the depth inforniation to represent the obstacles in the environment. The fuzzy rules and membership functions are then generated using the statistical properties of the individual trajectory groups. Figure 11shows another mapping. In a computer implementation  , if the available storage space is scarce  , it is straightforward to devise other mappings from hexagonal to quadractic not necessarily rectangular grids that do not leave empty cells. In computer graphics  , for cxample  , an object model is defined with respect to a world coordinate system. Many problems in computer vision and graphics require mapping points in space to corresponding points in an image. Fundamentally  , thc dccomposition in 12 rcprcscnts a. mapping from the space of infinitc-dimcnsiona.1 rcalvalucd functions to thc finitc-dimcnsiona.1 spa.cc  ?P. Thus we would wa.nt to decompose  ,BTs into 8 cocfficients , Employing this demonstration technique saves from the burden of mapping the human kinematics as in other approaches 7  , 14. Moreover  , kinaesthetic teaching intrinsically solves the correspondence problem  , as the robot learns in its own joints space. A phase space represents the predicted sensory effects of chains of actions. Projection heuristics provide an efficient method of projecting a learned sensorimotor mapping into the future to exploit affordances. We will develop a polygonal line method to avoid the poor solutions by fitting the line segments without any mapping or length constraints. This is due to their fixed topology on the latent data space or to bad initialization 8. Additionally  , potential clusters are maximally S-connected  , i.e. We represent these more compactly by mapping regions from the original space to descriptor nodes that record the object count for these regions. In the aforementioned methods it is assumed that the dataset is embedded into a higher-dimensional space by some smooth mapping. This number of components can be viewed as the number of effective dimensions in the data. Measure the relativity between the semantics of a tag t k and the chosen dimension according to the The intent of any input query is identified through mapping the query into the Wikipedia representation space  , spanned by Wikipedia articles and categories. 14 leveraged Wikipedia for the intent classification task. According to the objective function 6  , we think that the optimal r-dimensional embedding X *   , which preserves the user-item preference information  , could be got by solving the following problem: Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. During the final phase of resolution i.e. , relation mapping  , the remaining relationships between concepts are mapped into the viewpoint model space. If types conflict  , HyDRA assists in the conflict's resolution. These relations may include temporal relations  , meronymic relations  , causal relations  , and producer/consumer relations. In practice  , we can often encode the same probability distribution much more concisely. The size of a probabilistic mapping may be quite large  , since it essentially enumerates a probability distribution by listing every combination of events in the probability space. The mapping from the system state to the Java code we implemented is straightforward. Space limitations do not allow us to concentrate on the implementation  , which is thoroughly described in 19. In this section  , we discuss our development of predicate mapper  , which realizes the type-based search-driven mapping machinery. Due to space limitation   , please refer to 12 for more details. Both problems are NP-hard in the multidimensional space. In this paper  , we developed a framework for solving the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multidimensional quasi-identifiers to one dimension. The relationship between database intension and extension then is an injective mapping between two topological spaces. That is  , the extension of a database can be seen as a topological space built out of entities rather than entity types. The state of the art in multimedia indexing is based on feature extraction 30  , 161. In the following  , lower-case bold Roman letters denote column vectors  , and upper-case ones denote matrices. We aim to derive a mapping Ψ : X → V that projects the input features into a K-dimensional latent space. The use of these techniques for document space representation has not been reported In the literature. Therefore  , transformation methods must be considered which are more efficient than the mapping techniques In the generation of the data point  ,. ,... ,.uon. This solution is one of five Pareto-optimal solutions in the design space for our customer-order object model. Figure 6presents a graphical depiction of an Alloy object encoding a synthesized OR mapping solution. The second component of the visual mapping is brightness . In particular  , the brightness of a statement  , s  , is computed by the following equation: 5In color space models  , a pigment with zero brightness appears as black. Indeed  , there is no theoretical basis for mapping documents into a Euclidean space at all. While this framework  , like many others  , has no theoretical basis  , it is an intuitive extension of a vector based approach. Apart from the limited number of discontinuities  , the mapping from pose-space to eigenspace is conformal: that is  , continuous but curved. In the experiments described below we used a fix sample grid of Ax=Ay = 50cm and A0 = 0.5 degrees. The tip of the bucket position and its orientation relative to the horizontal are the task space variables being controlled. Cylin-der extensions are determined from the joint angles using a polynomial mapping  Selective usage of these elements may be more suited for specific situations of navigation. The output is well-defined  , closed under the operation  , and is unique. Taking this function as weighting for the individual behaviours from the input space  , a mapping is defmed between the input and output spaces. These are highly desirable properties for an unsupervised feature mapping which facilitate learning with very few instances. Similar poses of the same object remain close in the feature-space  , expressing a low-dimensional manifold. The camera-totarget distance remains constant when the target horizontally translates in a plane parallel to the camera's image plane and simple perspective is used for the image-to-task space mapping. Tracking by camera translation is much simplier. uncertainty in the kinematics mapping which is dynamic dependent. The required joint trajectory cannot be generated by the given trajectory in inertia space due t o the dynamic parametel. Most approaches increase efficiency by dividing large multi-robot problems into several smaller single-robot tasks. Since the PCM contains only obstacles in a fixed vicinity of the vehicle  , obstacles "enter" and "leave" the map gradually as the robot moves. Based on this mapping each cell of the grid is marked either "obstacle" or "free-space". We have shown an efficient and robust method for recomputing 3-d Minkowski sums of convex polyhedra under rotation. Bottema and Roth 1979 introduce this mapping directly and study the image curves which represent the coupler motion of a planar four bar linkage. They went on to characterize the geometry of their projective image space. Mapping motion data is a common problem in applying motion capture data to a real robot or to a virtual character . Our accuracy requirements are much less because the mari0nette.k gesturing in free space rather than precisely positioning an object. Mapping with only stationary objects  , and localization using entire observations in which the dual sensor model of occupancy grids is applied for range readings from moving objects. OGSD Occupancy grids presuming free space is crossable. They obtain an affordance map mapping locations at which activities take place from learned data encoding human activity probabilities. An example of work on shared space of humans and robots is given by Tipaldi and Arras 15. What follows is a sequence of strings that define the traversal path through the output space of the selected extractor. The mapping expression starts by specifiying the " extractor key "   , a unique identifier of the extractor to be used. The second data set contains 2 ,000 data items in 3- dimensional space with 2 clusters the middle one in Fig.3. can compare the resultant mapping with the original data set directly. To calculate the document score for document d i   , the vector space method applies the following equation: We will now show how LSA is as an extension to the VSM  , by using this query mapping. We also consider transforming the NED mapping scores into normalized confidence values. For assessing the confidence  , we devise several techniques  , based on perturbing the mention-entity space of the NED method. The other primitives are less crucial with respect to the YQL implementation  , and therefore we skip their discussions due to space limitations. A short discussion of the mapping of each Remote Query Interaction primitive follows. Since the adversary only has information about the large itemsets  , he can only find the mappings for items that appear in the background knowledge. So  , the adversary can reduce the search space for each mapping of item. However  , mapping an inherently high-dimension data set into a low-dimension space tends to lose the information that distinguishes the data items. To address the " dimensionality curse " problem  , the index subsystem must use as few dimensions as possible . The SOM defines a mapping from the input data space onto a usually two-dimensional array of nodes. The vector size of the subject feature vector was 1 ,674 and the vector size of the description feature vector was 1 ,871. This is because wild stores rarely touch dirty  , committed pages written by previous transactions. This provides the means to study alternative physical representations and to analyse the consequences of changes made in the conceptual schema. We also test a number of other standard similarity measures  , including the Vector Space Similarity VSS 3 and others. We employ a mapping function f x = x+1/2 to bound the range of PCC similarities into 0  , 1. When decoding the relative strength of active signals in a complex 3d world with different densities of matter – i.e. When stock is reorganized  , the system must reconfigure its mapping of library space onto the subject headings. The mapping  can not be achieved by the system without breaking contact constraints. If the number of columns of the blocks C11 and Caa equals the dimension of the task space  , the cooperating system is " minimal " . For the purposes of synthesizing a compliance mapping   , it is assumed that the robotic manipulator and the gripper holding the object can move freely in space without colliding with the environment. The above equation does not include joint friction. In this paper  , we investigate a novel approach to detect sentence level content reuse by mapping sentence to a signature space. Thus  , it is essential that content reuse detection methods should be efficient and scalable. the terms or concepts in question. We choose a setup of P such that it provides a mapping into the space of all possible superconcepts of the input instances  , i.e. The stress term of the objective function is inspired by multidimensional scaling MDS  , a classical method for dimensionality reduction 2. Consider a naive indexing approach where a sentence-file stores keyword vectors for the sentences in the collection. In particular  , we propose a sentencesignature based mechanism for mapping from the sentence domain to a multi-dimensional space such that word-overlap searches can be re-posed as range searches in this space. Hashing then involves mapping from keys into the new space  , and using the results of Searching to find the proper hash table location. According to the preceding calculations  , both procedures will yield exactly the same ranking. Instead of mapping both queries and documents to the kdimensional concept space via U T k and computing the cosine similarity there  , we may therefore as well transform the documents via the m × m matrix U k U T k   , and compute cosine similarities in the original term space. Therefore  , the knowledge of inverse kinematics mapping is of great interest since it allows the path planing to be independent of the geometry of the robot. the inverse kinematics maps the world coordinate space onto the joint coordinate space  X E R " -+ q ~ R ~   l    ,  1 3  . Currently  , a 7:l position amplification permits comfortable mapping of RALF's full workspace into the workspace of the human operator. To facilitate the teleoperation tasks  , the controller for KURBIRT computes its tip position and scales the position from the space of the master robot to the space of the slave  , RALF. The control law is provided by mapping these two spaces as an open-loop schema. The sensor and the manipulation spaces are partitioned by considering the features of the images and the space of the DOF of the manipulator that is called the configuration space. Errors in the estimated and actual generalized force were used to drive the system to minimize the external loads projected into the configuration space. The method employs a mapping of the unknown interaction forces into a generalized force in the configuration space of a continuum segment. As discussed in t ,he Introductioii  , well known concepts for manipulability mea.sures of robotic structure are the so-called velocity and force maiiipulability el- lipsoids  , 12. The geometric configuration of robot manipulability includes two wellknown types: manipulability ellipsoidl  and manipulability polytope2  , 3 ,4. The concept of robot manipulability means that constraints on joint space are transformed to that of task space through the mapping zk = J q   , or in general the transformation P = A&. Hence  , in order to obtain more specific latent query intents  , we often need to obtain rather a large number of latent query intents. Most tasks  , for example welding  , insertions  , and grasping   , require a higher precision than can be achieved by using artificial forces. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as The fuzzy logic is used to select the elements of the transformation matrix 1T which indirectly determine the contribution of each joint to the total motion. Figure 7shows the trajectory taken by the wheelchair green when the user attempts to follow a leader blue. Trajectories and maps were produced via Hector mapping 17; map regions are as follows: light grey represents known vacant space  , black represents known surfaces and dark grey represents unknown space; the grid cells are 1 metre square. Practically  , the document space is randomly sampled such that a finite number of samples   , which are called training data R ⊆ R  , are employed to build the model. Let us suppose there is a classifier such as h  , which is defined as h : R → C  , where h is a many-to-one mapping of the documents to the binary class space. Bound the marginal distributions in latent space In the previous section  , we have discussed how the marginal distribution difference can be bounded in the space W . The following theorem concludes that we can further bound the marginal distributions of two domains by the mapping T . Thus  , we develop a mechanism for efficient wordoverlap based reuse 33  by mapping sentence domain context to a multi-dimensional signature space and leveraging range searches in this space. In this paper  , our focus is not on developing better reuse metrics  , but on the efficient identification of reuse in large collections. Index schemes: There have been a number of proposals for finding near-duplicate documents in the database and web-search communities 21  , 37  , 10. To an abstract model  , m ∈ Design abst   , we apply a design space synthesis concretization function  , c  , to compute cm ⊂ Designconc  , the space of concrete design variants from which we want to choose a design to achieve desirable tradeoffs. The inputs of the system are assembly quality ternis  , i.e. , the elements of assenibly quality space U1  , while the outputs are the assembly operation strategies ant1 quality control strategies  , i.e. , the elements of assembly cx~ntrol strategy space U ,. The NFEPN niodel is also used to implement and optimize the mapping f 1 3 . In their original formulation  , these manipulability measures or ellipsoids considered only single-chain manipulators  , and were based on the mapping in task space trough the Jacobian matrix of the joint space unit ,a.ry balls qTq 5 1 and T ~ T 5 1. 11. A kinematic mapping f has a singularity at q when the rank of its Jacobian matrix Jf q drops below its maximum possible value  , which is the smaller of the dimensions k of the joint-space and n of the configuration space. The exponential commutes with its defining twist and its derivative is therefore: In computational biology  , it has been found that k-mers alone are not expressive enough to give optimal classification performance on genomic data. But what happens if the grasping configuration doesn't follow any of the simple built-in action models ? By dividing the mapping space into simple mappings  , more complex mappings could be learned over the whole object configuration space with a minimum number of experiments. In order to discuss and motivate the inverse kinematic function approach  , we must first describe the forward kinematics of a manipulator. A unique mapping will need additional constraints  , such as in the form of desired hand or foot position. In order to kinematically transform an RMP back to a humanoid robot  , one needs to generate a map from the 11– dimensional RMP space to the much larger robot kinematics space. Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. Each behavior is encoded as a fuzzy rule-base with a distinct mobile robot control policy governed by fuzzy inference. Resolvability provides a shared ontology  , that is a scheme allowing us to understand the relationships among various visual sensor configurations used for visual control. A key component of this measure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. is the Jacobian matrix and is a function of the extrinsic and intrinsic parameters of the visual sensor as well as the number of features tracked and their locations on the image plane. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as This set is called The above theorem states that points in the workspace close to obstacles  , relate to points in the configuration space with even less clearance. The mapping between workspace and configuration space is straightforward: A point p in the workspace corresponds to the set of configurations in C which have p as their position. News articles are also projected onto the Wikipedia topic space in the same way. Then  , the final mapping Φl of a location l into the Wikipedia topic space is the multiplication of the product vector and the local topic distribution. The motion strategy can be represented as a function mapping the information space onto the control space. motion commands corresponding to current knowledge of the system  , whose execution gives the robot the maximum probability of reaching a goal configuration from any initial configuration. In contrast to this direction of research  , relatively little research e.g. ,2 ,4 has involved the inverse kinematics -the direct mapping from the workspace to the joint space -for kinematically redundant manipulators. This resolved motion technique first determines the joint velocity using the pseudoinverse matrix  , and then incrementally determines the joint displacement; it thus transforms from workspace to joint space via joint velocity. These mapping methods are not widely used because they are not as efficient as the VSM. If the mappings to the topic space are performed correctly we are able to retrieve document at a higher precision than the vector space method. This fact is especially interesting if the data space is non-vectorial. The derivation of t from a induces a mapping  , cl  , from concrete designs to concrete loads parameterized by a choice of abstract load. As long as cm preserves a representation of a in its output  , then from any single design space model  , m  , we can synthesize a concrete design space  , and both abstract and concretized loads. Space is otherwise completely automatic: it analyzes the target application's source code and returns a list of bugs. Space Security Pattern Checker finds security bugs in Ruby on Rails 2 web applications  , and requires only that the user provide a mapping from application-defined resource types to the object types of the standard role-based model of access control RBAC 30  , 15 . A load/store using out of bounds values will immediately result in a hardware trap and we can safely abort the program . Note that we can reuse the high address space for different pools and so we have a gigabyte of address space on 32 bit linux systems for each pool for mapping the OOB objects. In the above definition  , it is equivalent to compute the traditional skyline  , having transformed all points in the new data space where point q is the origin and the absolute distances to q are used as mapping functions. Each point p = p 1   , p 2  in the original 2-dimensional space is transformed to a point Given a source logical expression space  , a target physical expression space  , and a goal an instance of Goal  , a Mapper instance will return a physical expression that meets whatever constraint is specified by the goal. The condition number and the determinant of the Jacobian matrix being equal to one  , the manipulator performs very well with regard to force and motion transmission. As opposed t o mapping < to new active joint space velocities through a given shape matrix Jcp   , this approach introduces additional joint space velocities using a new shape matrix . A more involved approach to redundant actuation is the introduction of entirely new actuators to the mechanism. Basically  , defuzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control action defined over an universe of discourse into a space of non-fuzzy control actions. Since we use the height defuzzification method  , we can specify a rule directly by assigning a real number instead of a linguistic value to pj which is to be optimized by EP. Although inany strategies can be used for performing the defuzzifi- cation 8  , we use the height defuzzification method given by where CF is a scale factor. As discussed in 21  , the measure is easily extendable to other visual sensors including multi-baseline stereo and laser rangefinders. The set of all possible twists at a given position and orientation of a rigid body is the tangent space at that point; it is represented by the tangent space at the origin of a chosen reference frame. Such a path is  , mathematically speaking  , a mapping from the real line  " time "  into the manifold. Among the collision-free paths that connect the initial and goal configurations  , some may be preferable because they will make more information available to the robot  , hence improving the knowledge of its current state. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 2F shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Before planning the vision-based motion  , the set of image features must be chosen. We also can define image features as a mapping from C. This means that a robot trajectory in configuration space will yield a trajectory in the image feature space. Fingerprint-based descriptors  , due to the hashing approach that they use  , lead to imprecise representations  , whereas the other three schemes are precise in the sense that there is a one-to-one mapping between fragments and dimensions of the descriptor space. The third dimension is associated with whether or not the fragments are being precisely represented in the descriptor space. Dimension reduction is the task of mapping points originally in high dimensional space to a lower dimensional sub-space  , while limiting the amount of lost information. 1 measurement of respondents' sensations  , feelings or impressions Dimension reduction techniques are one obvious solution to the problems caused by high dimensionality. Therefore  , the text query and the retrieved image are mapped to a common k-dimensional latent aspect space  , and then their similarity is measured by a dot product of the two vectors in the kdimensional space  , which is commonly used to measure the matching between textual vectors 1. Instead  , the map is created with consideration to where the ASRs are with respect to each other and the robot. Similar to a  we project these unreachable positions back to the closest reachable position in the workspace. In this section  , the results of numerical simulation of the Stiffness mapping between 2-dof cylindrical space and 2-dof joint space using both direct and indirect CCT are presented. Kc  , =  0 The initial values of joint stiffness matrix and joint torque in Figure 6are The former problem may be solved by the use of perfect hash functions  , such as those proposed in 1 ,2 ,3 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,9 ,10 ,26 ,28 ,301  , where a perfect hash function is defined as a oneto-one mapping frcxn the key set into the address space. Secondly  , the address space cannot easily be changed dynamically. As a result of COSA  , they resolve a synonym problem and introduce more general concepts in the vector space to easily identify related topics 10. The authors apply an ontology during the construction of a vector space representation by mapping terms in documents to ontology concepts and then aggregating concepts based on the concept hierarchy  , which is called concept selection and aggregation COSA. , where each column of Wp and Wq generates one bit of hash code for the p th and q th modal. The indexing relation is of the kind defined in IOTA Ker84In this chapter we present  , first  , the query language structure. If X and Y are input and output universes of discourse of a behavior with a rule-base of size n  , the usual fuzzy if-then rule takes the following form Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. where a k are comers of the n-dimensional unit activation hypercube  , or the set of all combinations of minimally and maximally activated muscles. Dehzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control actions defined over an output universe of discourse into a space of nonfuzzy control actions. Ail and A12 are the membership function in the antecedent part  , B  , is the membership function in the consequent part. A specific form of the ho­ mography is derived and decomposed to interpolate a unique path. A homography is a mapping from 2-D projective space to 2-D projective space  , which is used here to define the 2-D displacement transformation between two ob­ ject poses in the image. Daumé and Brill 5 extracted suggestions based on document clusters that have common top-ranked documents. Examples are presented to demonstrate the computational and the corresponding regional transformation: The resolvability ellip- soid 5 illustrates the directional nature of resolvability  , and can be used to direct camera motion and adjust camera intrinsic parameters in real-time so that the servoing accuracy of the visual servoing system improves with camera-lens motion.   , it is very tlifficidt to implement and optimize the mapping f l : l iising the mathematical or numeric approaches. In other words  , it is sufficient Remarkably  , in this case the optimization problem corresponds to finding the flattest function in the feature space  , not in the input space. Hence  , the key idea to overcome the problem of dimerisionality is the use of kernel functions for establishing an implicit mapping between the input and the feature spaces. Consequently several projections or maps of the hyperbolic space were developed  , four are especially well examined: i the Minkowski  , ii the upperhalf plane  , iii the Klein-Beltrami  , and iv the Poincaré or disk mapping. But it lays in the nature of a curvated space to resist the attempt to simultaneously achieve these goals. One advantage of this is that the high dimensional representation  , e.g. , the word cloud  , can convey some information about the document on its own. A fundamental assumption for multimodal retrieval is that by mapping objects in a modalityconsistent latent space  , the latent space representations of semantically relevant inter-modal pairs should be consistent. The most desirable value of multimodal retrieval is to enable transfer of knowledge across different modalities so that cross-modal retrieval performance can be improved. Tradeoffs   , Pareto-optimal solutions  , and other critical information can then be read from the results. In that case  , mapping this vector of functions or  , equivalently  , this vector-valued function across the points in the space yields a multi-dimensional  , non-functional property image of the design space. The use of a solid arrow to make this connection denotes that this mapping from the problem level to the solution level facilitates two goals  , in this case both the generation of new variants and also expedited navigation. Hence in Figure 1 we connect the Functional variation dimension in the problem space to the Nominal flow change dimension in the solution space. Scans from a triangle of points in pose-space will project to a non-Euclidean triangle of points in eigenspace. This is generated during mapping; as the robot moves into unvisited areas  , it drops nodes at regular intervals  , and when it moves between existing nodes it connects them. It is also given a set of nodes in 2D-space with edges between them  , constituting a navigation graph which represents known robot-navigable space 6. Interpolating a viable object path for a given object displacement requires knowledge of the initial and fi­ nal poses as well as how the object is to be displaced. A good example of the use of geometry within this application is the mapping of two dimensional views of the roadway into a three dimensional representation which can be used for navigation. It is clear that a robust solution to this problem must involve as much generic information as possible about space and the relationship between objects in space. Repeatability is guaranteed in the augmented Jacobian method because repeated task-space motion is carried out with repeated joint-space motion  , whereas in the resolved motion method repeatability is not guaranteed. It is widely stated 3 ,that the difference between the two inverse mapping techniques lies in the repeatability. Valuable prior research has been conducted in this direction for learning hashing codes and mapping function with techniques such as unsupervised learning and supervised learning. Semantic hashing has been proposed for the problem to map data examples like documents in a high-dimensional space e.g. , a vector space of keywords in the vocabulary into a low-dimensional binary vector space  , which at the same time preserves the semantic relationship of the data examples as much as possible. Attempting a strategy which would require the user to lead the point " inside " such structures  , with no knowledge of which entrance leads to the target and which to a dead-end  , is likely to negate the human ability to see " the big picture " and degenerate into an exhaustive search of the insides of Cspace obstacles. For each data item in the compressed data  , a backward mapping is necessary to discover the coordinates of the original space  , so that a new position can be computed corresponding to the new requdsted space. These operators  , however  , rely heavily on the ability to dis cover efficiently  , given an arbitrary position in the compressed data  , the corresponding logical position in the original dntabase   , in order to reposition the data items in the new transposed space. The unique mapping maps the energies of each DoF V θ ,ψi with the appropriate phases to the force trajectory F p ,x t by neglecting the influence of handle motion ˙ r. The energies V θ ,ψi and phases ϕ θ ,ψi span a transformed state space. It is clear that the most difficult phase of object recognition is making the pointwise mapping from model to scene. The considerable computation and space requirements such an approach would usually entail are avoided by using a sparse  , minimal feature that is easily extracted to reduce the number of features that can exist in a given scene  , and by decomposing the dimensions of transform space  , and by eliminating empty regions of transform space early in the search. Second  , since it is not known initially how many steps are required for the solution  , we start with one step transition and gradually increase the number of steps as required. Formally  , any density matrix ρ assigns a quantum probability for each quantum event in vector space R n   , thereby uniquely determining a quantum probability distribution over the vector space. The Gleason's Theorem 2 can prove the existence of a mapping function µρ|vv| = trρ|vv| for any vector v given a density matrix ρ ∈ S n S n is the density matrix space containing all n-by-n positive semi-definite matrices with trace 1  , i.e. , trρ = 1. We map the human hand motion to control the dexterous robot hand when performing power grasps  , the system adopts the joint space mapping method that motions of human hand joints are directly transferred to the robot hand and the operator can adjust the posture interactively; when performing the precise tasks  , the system adopts the modified fingertip position mapping method. 7. In the teleoperation system  , we use the space mouse as the 3D input device  , which has six DOFs and can control the end point position and pose of the Staubli RX60 robot. A recent work has shown that a finger or manipulator should have at least the same number of active joints as the number of independent elements of the desired operational compliance matrix to modulate the desired compliance characteristic in the operational space 5. To find the stiffness in the joint space of each finger  , first we have to compute the unique Jacobian relation; particularly  , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closed-loop structured finger  , the backward mapping is unique 5. Force sensors are built into HITDLR hand. The procedure of computing the fingertip stiffness for the given object stiffness can be consequently summarized as below. Performing this mapping also provides a means to model the relationship between question semantics and existing question-answer semantics which will be discussed further in Sect. This information is augmented with that derived from the set of answer terms  , thus by mapping a query question to the space of question-answers it is possible to calculate its similarity using words that do not exist in the question vocabulary and therefore are not represented in the topic distribution T Q . Mapping the distribution of question topics to the distribution of question-answer topics avoids problems that occur when limited vocabularies are used in a question . Relation a  , an abstraction relation  , explains how any given concrete design  , d ∈ cm  , instantiates i.e. , is a logical model of its abstract model  , m. Function c is specified once for any given abstract modeling language  , as a semantic mapping predicate in our relational logic. This mapping is described by As in 2  , see also 3  , 4  , 5  , 7  , 8  , we assume that the image features are the projection into the 2D image plane of 3D poims in the scene space  , hence we model the action of the camera as a static mapping from the joint robot positions q E JR 2 to the position in pixels of the robot tip in the image out­ put  , denoted y E JR2. This way of sharing parameters allows the domains that do not have enough information to learn good mapping through other domains which have more data. The intuition for having this objective function is to try to find a single mapping for user's features  , namely Wu  , that can transform users features into a space that matches all different items the user liked in different views/domains. A pointer in each entry of the mapping table would lead to what is essentially an overflow chain stored on the magnetic disc of records that are assigned to the hash bucket but which have not yet been archived on the optical disc. To improve efficiency  , and in particular space utilization   , implementing hashing for a file stored on a WORM disc will involve some degree of buffering on a magnetic disc for both the mapping table and the contents of hash buckets. These mapping matrices are calculated for a given coil arrangement by treating the coils as magnetic dipoles in space and are calibrated through workspace measurements as outlined in 11  , 10. where each element of I is current through each of the c coils  , B is a 3 × c matrix mapping these coil currents to the magnetic field vector B and B x   , B y   , B z are the 3 × c matrices mapping the coil currents to the magnetic field spatial gradients in the x  , y and z directions  , respectively. However  , since the thumb and the ATX are coupled by the position constraints at the attachment points  , a unique mapping can be achieved between the degrees of freedom of the thumb and the ATX leading to the redundancy of the coupled system the same as that of the thumb alone. Thus  , for a given task-space trajectory  , there will be an infinite number of possible joint-space trajectories for both the thumb and the ATX. These internal points are hidden within the polytope P and they do not contribute to manipulability information. Determining manipulability polytope requires the mapping of an n-dimensional polytope Q in joint space to an m-dimensional polytope P in task space by the transformation P = AQ with n > m. It is known that one part of the hypercube vertices becomes final zonotope vertices5  while the remainder become internal points of P . Using a known object model the interpolation of thi  , desired path can then be represented in the task space by a 3-D reconstruc­ tion or mapped directly to the image space. A desired path can be uniquely defined by chOOSing a particular decomposition of the 2-D homography or collineation mapping the projec­ tive displacement of the object features between the initial and final image poses. By performing a singular value decomposition 8 on the task space to sensor space Jacobian  , and analyzing the singular values of J and the eigenvectors of JTJ which result from the decomposition  , the directional properties of the ability of the sensor to resolve positions and orientations becomes apparent. The following sections briefly describe the derivation of the Jacobian mapping and analyze the Jacobian for various vision and force sensor configurations. From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. In the context of multi-robot coordination  , dynamic task allocation can be viewed as the selection of appropriate actions lo for each robot at each point in time so as to achieve the completion of the global task by the team as a whole. The 3D Tractus was designed to support direct mapping between its physical space to the task virtual space  , and can be viewed as a minimal and inexpensive sketch-based variant of the Boom Chameleon 14. The 3D Tractus height is being tracked using a simple sensor and the stylus surface position is tracked through a tablet PC or any other touch sensitive surface interface 5. Assuming that spatial and temporal facets of concepts are potentially useful not only in human understanding but also in computing applications  , we introduce a technique for automatically associating time and space to all concepts found in Wikipedia  , providing what we believe to be the largest scale spatiotemporal mapping of concepts yet attempted. When we read a story  , we place naturally characters in time and space that provide us with further context to understand. In addition to the object-oriented description of a perspective we define a navigation path where the navigation space is restricted depending on the selected perspective. The navigation space is defined by the semantic distance between the initial concept and other related concepts. While she uses salience values to describe a metric of object similarity  , we have chosen a fuzzy set approach for mapping user terminology to the represented domain knowledge  , described in more detail in Kracke@ 1. The manipulability polytope is also more practical when the maximum velocity and/or torque of each joint is given. In order to incorporate the curiosity information   , we create a user-item curiousness matrix C with the same size as R  , and each entry cu ,i denotes u's curiousness about item i. Specifically  , MFCF maps both users and items to a latent space  , denoted as R ≈ U T V   , where U ∈ R l×m and V ∈ R l×n with l < minm  , n  , represent the users' and items' mapping to the latent space  , respectively. When users ask for a particular region  , a small cube within the data space  , we can map all the points in the query to their index and evaluate the query conditions over the resulting rows. For example  , we could map the x  , y  , and z coordinates of a data point to a single integer by using a well-known mapping function or a space-filling curve and physically order the points by three attributes at the same time. For each document in X represented as one row in X  , the corresponding row in V explicitly gives its projection in V. A is sometimes called factor loadings and gives the mapping from latent space V to input space X . Each column of V corresponds to one latent variable or latent semantic  , and by V T V = I we constrain that they are uncorrelated and each has unit variance 1 . If intervals are represented more naturally   , as line segments in a two-dimensional value-interval space  , Guttman's R-tree 15  or one of its variants including R+-tree 29 and R*-tree 1  could be used. If only multidimensional points are supported  , as in the k-d-B-tree 27  , mapping an interval  , value pair to a triplet consisting of lower bound  , upper bound  , and value allows the intervals to be represented by points in threedimensional space. A sufficient condition is that the mapping defined by the task function between the sensor space and the configuration space is onto for each t within O ,T. We recall that the feasibility of a task defined by a task function and an initial condition lies in the existence of a solution F *  t  to the equation e@  , t  = 0 for each t within O  , TI. According to the Jordan Curve Theorem  , any closed curve homeomorphic t o a circle drawn around and in the vicinity of a given point on an orientable surface divides the surface into two separate domains for which the curve is their common boundaryll. Then  , Space uses the  Alloy Analyzer—an automatic bounded verifier for the Alloy language—to compare the specialized constraints to our pattern catalog which is also specified in Alloy. Space extracts the data exposures from an application using symbolic execution  , specializes the constraints on those exposures to the types of role-based access control using the mapping provided by the user  , and exports the specialized constraints to an Alloy specification. As this technique offers conceptual simplicity   , it will be pursued. As a request must search the Q buckets contained in the fraction of the volume of the address space as defined by the request  , one method of mapping to these buckets would be to generate all possible combinations of attribute sets containing the request attributes and map to the address space one to one for each possible combina- tion. Successively  , this germinal idea was further developed  , considering the dynamics a  , multiple arms 35  , defective systems and different motion capabilities of the robotic devices 6  , 83  , wire-based manipulators  , 9  , 101. So the joint-space trajectories of the thumb can be determined by the joint-space trajectories of the ATX and vice versa. In this paper we describe the 3D Tractus-based robotic interface  , with its current use for controlling a group of robots composed of independent AIBO robot dogs and virtual software entities. This is just one method of generating a query map  , if we look further at types of mappings  , we will realise that the possibilities are endless. Instead of calculating the document scores in the latent topic space  , we can use the mapping to extract related query terms from the topic space and use an inverted index to calculate the document scores in a faster time. Spatial databases have numerous applications  , including geographic information systems  , medical image databases ACF+94   , multimedia databases after extracting n features from each object  , and mapping it into a point in n-d space Jaggl  , FRM94  , as well as traditional databases  , where each record with n attributes can be considered as a point in n-dimensional space Giit94. fractional values for the dimensionality  , which are called fractal dimensions. In order to guarantee the fast retrieval of the data stored in these databases  , spatial access methods are typically used. HiSbase combines these techniques with histograms for preserving data locality  , spatial data structures such as the quad- tree 8 for efficient access to histogram buckets  , and space filling curves 6 for mapping histogram buckets to the DHT key space. HiSbase realizes a scalable information economy 1 by building on advances in proven DHT-based P2P systems such as Chord 10 and Pastry 7   , as well as on achievements in P2P-based query pro- cessing 4. L is the number of attributes in a request i~ L~ M . In this section  , we describe an example open-source application MediumClone and demonstrate how we used Space to find security bugs in its implementation. However they are not adequate to accurately estimate the actual performance achievable at the End Effector EE for two main reasons: the ellipsoids  , or 'hyperellipsoids' in R m   , derive from the mapping to the task space of hyperspheres in the normalized joint space  , while the set of joint performances is typically characterized by hypercubes  , i.e. respectively: closeness to singularity  , isotropicity of performances and maximum performance irrespectively of the direction mentioned above. Since a continuous state s ∈ S specifies the placement of objects  , one can determine whether or not the predicate holds at s. This interpretation of which predicates actually hold at a continuous state provides a mapping from the continuous space to the discrete space  , denoted as a function map S →Q : S → Q. As an example  , Onbook  , table holds iff the book is actually on the table. Moreover  , trajectories over S give meaning to the actions in the discrete specification. For the single stance motion  , we modify the animation motion to be suitable for the robot by 1 keeping the stance foot flat on the ground  , and 2 mapping the motion in the Euclidean space into the robot's configuration space. We do not generate target motions for the double support phase  , since it is relatively short and there is not much freedom in the motion since both feet remains at their positions. Using our fully decoupled tracker and mapper design and fast image space tracking  , we are able to compute the pose estimates on the MAV in constant time at 4.39 ms while building the growing global map on the ground station. We have divided the full SLAM problem into a fast monocular image space tracking MIST on the MAV and a keyframe-based smoothing and mapping on the ground station. The approach we take is to use an online optimization of one-step lmkahead  , choosing trajectories that maximize the space explored while minimizing the likelihood we will become lost on re-entering the map. If we choose trajectories that can explore the space rapidly but allow us to return to the mapped regions sufficiently often to avoid tracking errors or mapping errors  , then we can avoid such problems. each joint performance is bounded by +/-a maximum value; the ellipsoids are formulated using task space vectors that are not homogeneous from a dimensional viewpoint  , to take into account both translational and rotational performances; the weight matrices used to normalize do not provide unique results this problem had already been identified in 5. In such a case there is one dominant direction  , which is reflected in one slot  , see figure 3 -d. The advising orientation depends on the pq-histogram quadrant where the peak is found. The position of this peak will give us a rough estimate of the free space; that is  , there is a direct mapping between the location of peak in the histogram and the angle of the free space in the image  , see figure 3-d. A single pq-histogram returns only one orientation for the free space  , which is appropriate if we are observing a wall. Overall  , the mapping of linguistic properties of the quotes in the latent bias space is surprisingly consistent  , and suggest that out-an longer  , variable period of time 32. On the negative end of the spectrum  , corresponding to international outlets  , we find words such as countries  , international  , relationship  , alliance and country names such as Iran  , China  , Pakistan  , and Afghanistan. We do not describe the mechanism of such automation due to the scope and the space limitation of this paper. the mapping from the stereotyped association to ModelElements that can reify the association can be defined formally with OCL 23 and thus allow automatically checking whether a given UML model is an instance of a given pattern. The proliferation of generated components is the main limitation of the naive method-to-component mapping. The component taxonomy can come to the rescue here-if we use it to produce a convenient number of reasonably efficient generic components that is  , a suitably parameterized component for judiciously chosen points in the space. The results 812 were encouraging but mixed and revealed some shortcomings of the AspectJ design with respect to its usability in this context. To ease the design and evolution of integrated systems  , mapping of the mediator approach into the design space of AspectJ 1 was attempted. Notice that it is possible for two distinct search keys to be mapped to the same point in the k-dimensional space under this mapping. We shall refer to the resultant multi-dimensional index structure as the bitstring-augmented multi-dimensional index. Schema mappings are inserted at the key space corresponding to the source schema at the overlay layer – or at the key spaces corresponding to both schemas if the mapping is bidirectional: U pdateSchema M apping ≡ U pdateSource Schema Key  , Schema M apping. Queries are then reformulated by replacing the predicates with the definition of their equivalent or subsumed predicates view unfolding. They use minimal space  , providing that the size is known in advance or that growth is not a problem e.g. , that one can somehow use the underlying mapping hardware of virtual memory to make the array grow gracefully. Existing Index Structures Arrays are used as index structures in IBM's OBE project Amma85. By mapping one-dimensional intervals to a two-dimensional space  , we illustrate that the problem of indexing uncertainty with probabilities is significantly harder than interval indexing  , which is considered a well-studied problem. We then change our focus to study the theoretical complexity of indexing uncertainty  , and argue that there is no formerly known optimal solution that is applicable to this problem. In the information visualization field  , mapping of data variables on the display space is often performed by means of visual attributes like color  , transparency  , object size  , or object position. A solution for visualizing icon-based cluster content summaries combined with graph layouts can be found in 8 from the information visualization research field. The local internal schema consists of a logical schema  , storage schema  , level schema. The physical schema describes the mapping of data to the memory stora e space managed by the operating system The hlg 3 level schema is a description of an application data view and it describes the next local conceptual schema in detail. The error involved in such an assignment will increase as the difference in effective table sizes between the new query and the leader increases. It is only if the cluster's space is covered by more than one plan  , that there will be an error in prediction because all the queries mapping to this cluster will be assigned the plan associated with the query leader. Within these triangles  , users were asked to compare the three systems by plotting a point closest to the best performing system  , and furthest from the worst. Space does not permit a detailed description of the experiment  , but Figure 6provides a summary by mapping out participants' responses to two questions: which system made tasks easiest to complete  , and which system they preferred overall. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. Polynomial Semantic Indexing 232 PSI. For example  , the question string " Where is the Hudson River located ? " In order to generate queries providing high precision coverage of the answer space for a given question  , custom rules were developed providing a mapping from a given question type to a set of paraphrasing patterns which would generate alternative queries. That mapping is probably the most direct  , but it leaves a number of Figure 8: Grah representation for a tetrahedral truss structure with 102 struts shown in Figure 1 empty cells. However  , the large number of cells necessary for precise mapping results in time-consuming grid update procedures. In certainty grids space is represented by a grid with each cell holding a value corresponding to the probability that an obstacle is located in that region. The master workspace was transformed into a cylindrical shaped space to assist the operator in maintaining smooth motion along a curved surface. The method of variable mapping of master t o slave motion was successfully applied to manipulation assistance in a cylindrical environment. Finally  , we introduce two applications of ILM that bring out its potential: first  , Diffusion Mapping is an approach where a highly redundant team of simple robots is used to map out a previously unknown environment  , simply by virtue of recording the localization and line-of-sight traces  , which provide a detailed picture of the navigable space. in the solution. This trajectory  , moreover  , is generate in advance. In case of the NEC PC-9821Bp 486DX2-66MHz  , the mapping of the obstacles and the possible motion area from the workspace to the posture space totally takes about 20 minutes  , however  , the generation of the obstacle avoidance trajectory only takes 0.36 seconds. However  , our experience with doing this using an optimal control approach is that the computational cost of adding many obstacles can be significant. The RRC manipulator used in this task is equipped with a Multibus-based servo control unit located in a separate cabinet. This extender allows a high-speed bidirectional shared memory interface between the two buses by mapping the memory locations used by the Multibus directly into the memory space of the PC. Since there is no natural mapping of documents to vectors in this setting  , the procedure for posts is similar. To create the topic vectors in this word-centric vector space  , we compute a weighted sum of words from the previously computed sensitive topic distributions . However  , most existing research on semantic hashing is only based on content similarity computed in the original keyword feature space. Most importantly  , the manipulability definitions are independent of the choice of parametrization for these two spaces  , as well as the kinematic mapping. For example  , the actuator characteristics are reflected in the choice of a Riemannian metric for the joint and tool frame configuration space manifolds  , or one can even include inertial parameters in the Riemannian metric to obtain a formulation for dynamic manipulablilit-y. Due to the geometrical structure of the state space and the nature of the Jacobian mapping between joint velocities and rates of change of a behavioral variable see eq. The forcelet erected over the control variables for each behavioral goal accelerates the joint angles in a direction that changes the behavioral variable in the desired way. Having a single groundstation supporting multiple low-cost MAVs while building a single globally consistent map may be a trivial solution to creating a centralized multi-robot system. Tightening the bounds in the same figure by more frequent archiving will lead to a large improvement in our model. Higher primates  , including humans  , exhibit a space-variant pattern in which the highest resolution is concentrated in the center of the field of view  , called the fovea  , with uniformly decreasing resolution to the periphery of the field of view. On the other hand  , the inverse kinematic method has symbolic solutions only in types of manipulator kinematics 7. However  , this method -be it symbolic or numerical -is attractive because of the direct mapping from the workspace to joint space  , fixing most of the aforementioned problems of the resolved motion method. The outer radius rout is defined by the smallest circumscribed sphere with the reference point of the robot as its center. On-line control command is calculated mapped from the learned lookup table with the on-line sampled new sensor signals. Summarizing  , in this paper we present a framework for solving efficiently the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multi-dimensional quasi-identifiers to 1-D space. 21 are worse in terms of information loss and they are considerably slower. In the context of a search engine  , inverted index compression encoding is usually infrequent compared to decompression decoding   , which must be performed for every uncached query. Although we have to store a mapping table for fast block locating  , the extra space occupied by it is much smaller than that used by the inverted index itself. During the mapping of FMSVs  , the most effective heuristic feature sets are selected to ensure reasonable prediction accuracy. 3 and to map text information into DVs for social information related music dimensions 13  , a supervised learning based scheme  , called CompositeMap  , is developed to generate a new feature space. In order to establish a representation of the environment configuration  , we transformed the calculated depth to a safety distribution histogram. By a random exploration which is limited  , according to the low mobility  , the system will associate perceptive sktes and sequences of action that pennit to reach its goal particular context. This is another issue that has seen a great deal of exploratory research  , including studies of offices and real desks 6. In our system  , tags provide an additional basis for mapping the document space  , reflecting our focus on the organization of a local workspace. For example  , pattern matching classes that encode multi- DoF motions 22 or force functions for each joint 9; or direct control within a reduced dimensionality space 14. Recent academic work within the field of simultaneous control thus has emphasized alternative mapping paradigms. For example  , a mapping in the coordinate space of a dictionary which contains two identical elements would result in two identical coefficients  , each corresponding to the contribution of one of the identical dictionary elements. In the current work we adopt a centroid-based representation  , where every dimension v i ,j corresponds to the distance between the contour point s i ,j and the contour's mass center. However  , our study shows that fractal dimensions have promising properties and we believe that these dimensions are important as such. This means that the methods in this paper do not provide a mapping to a lower-dimensional space  , and hence traditional applications  , such as feature reduction  , are not directly possible. They also use a query-pruning technique  , based on word frequencies  , to speed up query execution. Iceberg queries 7 uments and their associated term frequencies in relational tables  , as well as for mapping boolean and vector-space queries into standard SQL queries. For example  , outlets on the conservative side of the latent ideological spectrum are more likely to select Obama's quotes that contain more negations and negative sentiment  , portraying an overly negative character. By mapping the quotes onto the same latent space  , our method also reveals how the systematic patterns of the media operate at a linguistic level. The constraints associated with these exposures and the user-provided mapping are passed through a constraint specializer  , which re-casts the constraints in terms of the types in our pattern catalog. Space uses symbolic execution to extract the set of data exposures 25 from the source code of a Ruby on Rails application. Then  , Space uses the Alloy Analyzer to perform automatic bounded verification that each data exposure allowed by the application is also allowed by our catalog. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive We examined the code of the applications in our experiment for precisely this situation—security policies intended based on evidence in the code itself to be more restrictive than the corresponding patterns in our catalog—and found none. Q4 no results presented due to lack of space features the 'BEFORE' predicate which may be expensive to evaluate. We remark that System C also uses a data mapping in the spirit of 23  that results in comparatively simple and efficient execution plans and thus outperforms all other systems for Q2 and Q3. This makes it very difficult for GA to identify the correct mapping for an item. This happens because the space of possible one-to-n mappings is huge and it is possible to find many candidate mappings having similar i.e. , slightly lower fitness value. Figure 2shows a simple example of query reformulation. Thus  , LSH can be employed to group highly similar blocks in buckets  , so that it suffices it compare blocks contained in the same bucket. In our case  , blocks are the items that are represented in the high-dimensional space of E or E 1 and E 2  through Block Mapping. To avoid epoch numbers from growing without bound and consuming extra space  , we plan to " reclaim " epochs that are no longer needed. To allow users to refer to a particular realworld time when their query should start  , we maintain a table mapping epoch numbers to times  , and start the query as of the epoch nearest to the user-specified time. To handle this sort of problem  , space-filling curves as Z-order or Hilbert curves  , for instance  , have been successfully engaged for multi-dimensional indexing in recent years 24 . Based on the findings from our evaluations  , we propose a hybrid approach that benefits from the strength of the graph-based approach in visualising the search space  , while attempting to balance the time and effort required during query formulation using a NL input feature. Their methodology is based on mapping the underlying domain ontologies into views  , which facilitates view-based search. This system may be implemented in SMART using the set of modules shown in figure 4. If the joint torque signal provides a poor measure of the tool contact forces  , then a force sensor may be used in conjunction with the master  , but the forces from the sensor must be brought into joint space by mapping through the manipulator Jacobian. 2  , this direction changes during movement  , even in the absence of other perturbations. Therefore  , we can control the closed-chain system with the same control structure in Equation This immediately provides an important result; the dynamically consistent null space mapping matrix for the closed-chain system is the same as the one for the open-chain system   , N in Equation 9. The time savings would be crucial in real-world applications when the category space is much larger and a real-time response of category ranking is required . The actual mapping time was reduced from 2.2 CPU seconds per document to 0.40 seconds. But since only partial term-document mapping is preserved  , a loss in retrieval performance is inevitable. This technique was proposed to mitigate the efficiency issue caused by operating a large index  , for that a smaller index loads faster  , occupies less disk space  , and has better query throughput. The expected disc space consumption for a buffered hashing organization BHash for WORM optical d.iscs is analyzed in 191. The " new " records will be merged with the old logically undeleted ones already bon the optical disc and written together on new tracks; the mapping table will also be updated to reflect the changes. Based on that  , a bridging mapping is learned to seamlessly connect these individual hamming spaces for cross-modal hashing . In this paper  , we propose a novel technique by learning distinct hamming space so as to well preserve the flexible and discriminative local structure of each modality. In addition  , superposition events come with a flexible way in quantifying how much evidence the observation of dependency κ brings to its component terms. The proposed mapping allows for the representation of relationships within a group of terms by creating a new quantum event in the same n-dimensional space. The order of this list was fixed to give a one-to-one mapping of distinct terms and dimensions of the vector space. Given the entire collection of shots  , we obtained a list of all of the distinct terms that appear in the ASR for the collection. Secondly  , transaction language constructs should be functions in the logic such that transactions can be represented as expressions mapping states to states that can be composed to form new transactions . The set of states should characterize the space of database evolution. This section contains the results of running several variations of the traversal portion of the 001 benchmark using the small benchmark database of 20 ,000 objects. Given our understanding of how OS works  , we believe this is partially due to the overhead of mapping data into the client's address space. We store current rules in a prefix tree called the RS-tree. We can sort predicates and patterns based on this order. sort represents a flatten-structure transformation with sort. descendant represents a flatten-structure transformation using descendant axis and constructs a tree whose size is 66.7% of the input XML data. A sort instance element can be expanded to re-run its associated query and display the results. The graph is displayed as a tree hierarchy  , with sort instances as leaf elements. Using auxiliary tree T   , recursive function sort csets is invoked to sort the component sets. Note that non-leaf node of T is numbered according to its order of merging. When an item is inserted in the FP-tree  , sort the items in contingency weight ascending order. The first node of root in the FP-tree has item-id and pointer. Updates may cause swapping via the bubble sort  , splitting  , and/or merging of tree nodes Updates to DB does not lead to any swapping of tree nodes  old gets changed. Finally  , conclusions are presented in Section 6. Sort-based bulk loading KF 93 refers to the classical approach of sorting and packing the nodes of the R*-tree. Hilbert values. This approach makes the hest use of the occurrence of the common suffix in transactions  , thereby constructing a more compact tree structure than F'P-tree. The only difference is that one needs to sort the path according to L before inserting it into a new P-tree. However  , in many other cases  , it requires rescanning the entire updated database DB in order to build the corresponding FP-tree. Specifically  , it was designed to produce the FP-tree of the updated database  , in some cases  , by adjusting the old tree via the bubble sort. In this way  , at each point the node being inserted will become the rightmost leaf node in T after insertion. To do this  , we use the following strategy: We sort the input leaf set according to the pre-order of tree T. Starting with an empty tree T   , we insert nodes into the tree in order. Therefore  , each projection uses B-tree indexing to maintain a logical sort-key order. Since we assume that WS is trivial in size relative to RS  , we make no effort to compress data values; instead we represent all data directly. This information is made available to further relational operators in the relational operator tree to eliminate sort operations. the rows are in depth-first order of the nodes in the subtree. Since each partition of Emp is presorted  , it may be cheapest to use a sort-merge join for joining corresponding partitions. The second query tree uses the join predicate on city and repartitions the Dep table. index join  , nested loops join  , and sort-merge join are developed and used to compare the average plan execution costs for the different query tree formats. Analytic cost functions for hash-join. New human computer interaction knowledge and technology must be developed to support these new possibilities for autonomous systems. Can we use some sort of task lattice or tree  , to represent and interface the distributed tasks underway towards goals and subgoals ? This problem is more serious than FELINE because it uses the bubble sort to recursively exchange adjacent tree nodes. As a result  , the ordering of items needs to be adjusted. The other approach  , which we call Sorted-Tuples-based bulk loading  , is even simpler. A query that produces many results is hurt more by a blocking Sort and benefits more from a semi/fully pipelined pattern tree match physical evaluation. The overall speedup depends on the number of results in each query. C-Store organizes columns into projections sets of columns and each projection has a sort-key 25. However  , if space is really an issue  , we can resort to a sparse B+ tree index. By traversing elements from the root element to elements with atomic data  , we obtain large 1-paths  , large 2-paths  , and so on  , until large n-paths. Then we sort elements on path by tree levels. The restructure of the Ptree consists of similar insertions in the first step. Second  , OVERLAP prunes edges in the search lattice  , converting it into a tree  , as follows. The attributes at each node of the search lattice are then ordered to be subsequences of this sort order. 1 sort the attribute-based partition  , compressing if possible 2 build a B-Tree like index which consists of pointers beginning and end to the user-specified category boundaries for the attribute. Data Page Relational query optimization  , however  , impacts XQuery semantics and introduces new challenges. SQL Server 2005 also introduces optimizations for document order by eliminating sort operations on ordered sets and document hierarchy  , and query tree rewrites using XML schema information. It tries to do better than Parent by overiapping the computation of different cuboids and using partially matching sort orders. As in the Parent method  , the Overlap method computes each cuboid from one of its parents in the cuboid tree. The concern model is a connected graph  , defining a view over the system that is complementary to Eclipse's standard package explorer. Serialization of an XML subtree using the XML_Serialize operator serves as an example. Now  , as our target in TREC is to find an " optimal " ranking function to sort documents in the collection  , individuals should represent tentative ranking functions. Figure 1ashows an example of a tree which represents the expression X + Y*Z. It does not offer immediate capability of navigating or searching XML data unless an extra index is built. 8 first shred the XML tree into a table of two columns  , then sort and compress the columns individually. So the performance increase is higher for such queries – e.g. As mentioned earlier  , the sort-merge join method is used. Executor traverses the query plan tree and carries out join operations sequentially according to join sequence numbers determined by Optimizer. Thus the load for computing the tree and hence for testing the hypotheses varies. This is a result of the possibility to sort out a different number of facets during the construction of the lists Sij. The experiments that we performed with our datasets showed that the performance of R+-tree was better than R*-tree for our application. To reduce CPU cost for redundant comparisons between points in an any two nodes  , we first screen points which lie within c-distance from the boundary surface of other node and use sort-merge join for those screened points. The tree node corresponding to the last item of the sorted summary itemset represents a cluster  , to which the transaction T i belongs. For each transaction  , T i   , if its summary itemset SI Ti is not empty  , we sort the items in SI Ti in lexicographic order and insert it into the prefix tree. Instead of inserting records into a B+-tree as they arrive  , they are organized in-memory into sorted runs. The first technique stores the records lazily in a B+-tree file organization clustered by the specified key  , and is based on external merge-sort. If the database contains data structures other than Btrees   , those structures can be treated similar to B-tree root nodes. It may be worth to point out  , however  , that prior research has suggested employing B-tree structures even for somewhat surprising purposes  , e.g. , for run files in external merge sort G 03. We note that the depth first traverse of the DOM tree generally matches the same sequence of the nodes appearing in the webpage. First  , we sort the candidate nodes by their positions in the depth first search of the DOM tree. If the first triple pattern in this list has only one join variable  , we pick this join variable as the root of the tree embedded on the graph Gjvar as described before. Tree root selection: After initialization  , in a join query with n triple patterns  , we sort all the triple patterns first in the order of increasing number of triples associated with them. Query compilation produces a single query plan for both relational and XML data accesses  , and the overall query tree is optimized as a whole. So  , it works well in situations that follow the " build once  , mine many " principle e.g. , interactive mining  , but its efficiency for incremental mining where the database is changed frequently is unclear. For these kinds of data  , it is in general not advisable or even not possible to apply classical sort-based bulk loading where first  , the data set is sorted and second  , the tree is built in a bottom-up fashion. We are primarily interested in creating indexes from non-traditional index structures which are suitable for managing multidimensional data  , spatial data or metric data. Bulk loading of a B+-tree first sorts the data and then builds the index in a bottom-up fashion. Sort-based bulk loading is a well established technique since it is used in commercial database systems for creating B+-trees from scratch. Due to its enhanced query planner  , the tree-aware instance relies on operators to evaluate XPath location steps  , while the original instance will fall back to sort and index nested-loop join. Hooks are installed in both back-ends to generate a graphical presentation of the chosen query plans much like in Figure 3. Each disk drive has an embedded SCSI controller which provides a 45K byte RAM buffer that acts as a disk cache on read operations. These services include structured sequential files  , B' tree indices  , byte stream files as in UNIX  , long data items  , a sort utility  , a scan mechanism  , and concurrency control based on file and page lock- ing. This chaining method passes label information between classifiers  , allowing CC to take into account label correlations and thus overcoming the label independence problem. It sort of builds a binary tree  , where each link in the chain is extended with a 0 or 1 label association. In addition to changes in the item ordering  , incremental updating may also lead to the introduction of new items in the tree. This can be computationally intensive because the bubble sort needs to  apply to all the branches affected by the change in item fre- quency. While performing the pruning step as elaborated before  , we use some simple statistical optimization techniques. Join indexes can now be fully described. To perform searches using the sort key  , one uses the latter B-tree to find the storage keys of interest  , and then uses the former collection of Btrees to find the other fields in the record. This is confirmed in the corresponding reduced plan diagram where the footprints disappear. The reason for this behavior is that both plans are of roughly equal cost  , with the difference being that in plan P2  , the SUPPLIER relation participates in a sort-mergejoin at the top of the plan tree  , whereas in P7  , the hash-join operator is used instead at the same location. Kl'I'S83  , on the ollwr hand  , concentrates on the speed of the sort-engine and no1 the overall performance of the Grace hash-join algot-ithm. First  , in GOODXl  , it is hard to factor out the infu encc of the X-tree architecture and the parallel readout disks on the results ohtaincd. Then the Hilbert value ranges delineated by successive pairs of end marker values in the sorted list have the prop erty that they are fully contained within one block at each level of each participating tree. We sort the full set Of 6Qj F values and delete any duplicates. The human may set goals into the autonomous system  , and then later be called on to enter tasks to help the system reach either cognitive or manipulation subgoals. For multidimensional index structures like R-trees  , the question arises what kind of ordering results in the tree with best search performance. Assuming that an appropriate ordering exists  , sort-based bulk loading is not limited to one-dimensional index structures  , but can also be applied to OP-trees  , since OP-trees support insertions of entire trees. STON89 describes how the XPRS project plans on utilizing parallelism in a shared-memory database machine. File services in Gamma are based on the Wisconsin Storage System WiSS CHOUSS . However  , since the focus of this research is on write-optimized B-trees  , we do not pursue the topic further. The groups of hits were ranked based on the Panoptic rank of their top document; the Panoptic ranks were also used to sort hits within each group. The experimental or hierarchic interface  , depicted in Figure 2and described in Box 1  , grouped the search results based on c ommonality of URL parts sub-domain and path and displayed them in a one level tree. However  , if segmentation is performed separately after Kd-tree search finishes  , additional time is required to sort the data points whose computational time is ether ON  or OK log K where K is the number of the data points found within the hyper-sphere. After finding all the data points within the hypersphere   , these points have to be grouped into segments. At each level of this hierarchy   , only a single B+-tree exists unless a merge is currently performed   , which creates temporary trees. In terms of this approach  , LHAM can be considered to perform a 2-way merge sort whenever data is migrated to the next of Ii components in the LHAM storage hierarchy. The functions insert and insert-inv receives the " abstract " bodies defined there. o if QUEUE is fully abstract not implemented  , this means that its sort of interest queue is implemented as a derived type of tree  , as indicated in section 3. For example  , AlphaSort 18  , a shared-memory based parallel external sort  , uses quicksort as the sequential sorting kernel and a replacement-selection tree to merge the sorted subsets. The multi-stage approach used in our implementation is similar to the one used in parallel disk-based sorts 1 in our case  , the external storage is the off-chip main-memory  , not disk. The services provided by WiSS include sequential files  , byte-stream files as in UNIX  , B+ tree indices  , long data items  , an external sort utility  , and a scan mechanism. File services in NOSE are based on the Wisconsin Storage System WiSS CDKK85. Then  , it analyzes the available indexes and returns one or more candidate physical plans for the input sub-query. For each request see Figure 2  , an access path generation module first identifies the columns that occur in sargable predicates  , the columns that are part of a sort requirement   , and the columns that are additionally referenced in complex predicates or upwards in the query tree. After we sort the succeeding samples at each node in the tree  , the last several branches are likely to be pruned by strategy 3 because they contain only those samples that have the least increase in coverage. As mentioned earlier  , pruning strategy 2 can improve the efficiency of pruning strategy 3. For a particular class of star join queries  , the authors investigate the usage of sort-merge joins and a set of other heuristic op- timizations. The paper considers a star schema with UB-Tree organized fact tables and dimension tables stored sorted on a composite surrogate key. We can see that subsets having larger coverage are searched first in this case. We sort  , in descending order  , the samples in rSample based on their scores so that in the sub-tree of node cSample = {s 1   , s 2 }  , sample s 4 and s 5 will be added first followed by s 3 and s 6 . During the optimization of a single query  , the optimizer issues several access path requests henceforth called index requests  , or simply requests for different subqueries . In the context of non-traditional index structures  , the method of bulk loading also has a serious impact on the search quality of the index. Different maximal OTSP sets are incorporated in different branches of the tree. The idea is to force relationships between pairs of nodes until G becomes a complete set  , i.e. , ∀ nodes x  , y ∈ G and for any predicate p  , either px  , y or ¬px  , y holds in G. In particular  , all nodes in a maximal OTSP sets are totally ordered using a topological sort. Next  , a top-down pass is made so that required order properties req are propagated downwards from the root of the tree. Observe that new required order properties are generated by:  NOP if its child is a Sort operator i.e. , if the original query includes an Order By clause  ,  Group and Unique which require inputs to be grouped on the grouping attributes  ,  Join operators  , each of which splits any required order property it inherits into separate required order properties for its child nodes according to the rules of A curious pattern  , similar to footprints on the beach  , shows up in Figure 9  , obtained with Q7 on the OptA optimizer  , where we see plan P7 exhibiting a thin cadet-blue broken curved pattern in the middle of plan P2's orange region . For example  , with reference to Figure 2: if the cursor lies within the framed region  , then an R command will replace Figure 2with Figure 1; if the cursor is outside the framed region  , then an R command with replace Figure 2with "queen problem" The D command allows the cursor to go beyond the boundary of the current abstraction  , a sort of return command for an abstraction. Let us point ont that the R command can help a programmer to freely inspect a n d / o r amend various parts of his program without carefully planning an ordered tree traversal. In a data warehouse environment where the dimensions are quite different and hence it may be difficult to come up with a well-defined Hilbert-value it might still be better to select a dimension and to sort the data according to this dimension KR 98. Other experiments DKL+ 94 revealed that the search performance of the R-trees built by using Hilbert-ordering is inferior to the search performance of the R*-tree BKSS 90 when the records are inserted one by one. A sequential file is a sequence of records that may vary in length up to one page and that may be inserted and deleted at arbitrary locations within a file  , Optionally  , each file may have one or more associated indices that map key values to the record identifiers of the records in the file that contain a matching value. The services provided by WiSS include sequential files  , bytestream files as in UNIX  , Bt tree indices  , long data items  , an external sort utility  , and a scan mechanism. Figure 5d shows the learning curve of Q-learning incorporating DYNA planning. It can be seen that QA ,-learning takes much fewer steps than Q-learning and fast QA ,-leaming is much faster than QA-Iearning. Like Q-learning. Another popular learning method  , known as sarsa  I I  , is less aggressive than Q-learning. Q-learning incrementally builds a model that represents how the application can be used. In particular  , AutoBlackTest uses Q-learning. The learning rate of Q-learning is slow at the beginning of learning. Q-value rate means percent of the number of rules in which Q-values are gotten to the number of all the rules in the environment. An important condition for convergence is the learning rate. Q-Learning is known to converge to an optimal Q function under appropriate conditions 10. Note that because the Q function learns the value of performing actions  , Q-learning implicitly builds a model. This work can be characterized as demonstrating the utility of learning explicit models to allow mental simulation while learning 2. With Q-Learning  , the learning rate is modeled as a function. When the learning rate eaches zero  , the system has completed its learning. It does not require to know the transition probabilities P . Q-learning estimates the optimal Q * function from empirical data. Based on this observed transition and reward the Q-function is updated using Another issue for MQ is about threshold learning. The MQ with q bits is denoted as q-MQ. A control cycle is initiated by the Q-learning agent issuing an action which in turn actuates the motors on the scaled model. The Q-learning agent is connected to the scaled model via actuation and sensing lines. The agent builds the Q-learning model by alternating exploration and exploitation activities. This feature of Q-learning is extremely useful in guiding the agent towards re-executing and deeply exploring the most relevant scenarios. As above  , the learning of Q-vaille and the learning of the motion make progress giving an effect with each other. So the area of the sensor location where the Q-value for recognition becomes to have a strong peak. First and foremost  , we have demonstrated the extension of our previous Q-learning work I31 to a significantly more complicated action space. This form of Q-learning can also be used  , as postulated by The combination of Q-learning and DYNA gave the best results. It can be seen that Q-learning incorporated with DYNA or environmental·information reduce about 50 percent of the number of steps taken by the agent. q Layered or spiral approaches to learning that permit usage with minimal knowledge. q Rapid  , incremental  , reversible operations whose results are immediately visible. They converge to particular values that turned out to be quite reasonable. Trend of the coefficients of Jq in q = 0 during learning. Afterwards the Q-Learning was trained. Each sequence was used to train one threedimensional SOM. The average dimension was approximately about 6000 states. A learning task assumes that the agents do not have preliminary knowledge about the environment in which they act. The goal of Q-learning is to create a function Q : S×A → R assigning to each state-action pair a Q-value  , Qs  , a  , that corresponds to the agent's expected reward of executing an action a in a state s and following infinitely an optimal policy starting from the next state s ′ : Qs  , a=Rs  , a+γ In our approach we made several important assumptions about the model of the environment. Q-valuê Qs  , a is said to be monotonic for the goal directed Q-learning with action-penalty representation if and only if ∀s  , a Q-learning has been carried out and fitness of the genes is calculated from the reinforced Q-table. An exploration space is structured based on selected actions and a Q-table for the exploration is created. This provides a measure of the quality of executing a state-action pair. Much of policy learning is viewed from the perspective of learning a Q-function. An update in Q-learning takes the form To keep experimental design approachable  , we dropped the use of guidance which is an additional input to speedup learning. the above procedure probabilistically converges to the optimal value function 16. During learning  , it is necessary to choose the next action to execute. is the current estimate of the Q-function  , and α is the learning rate. In this section  , we demonstrate the performance of the Exa-Q architecture in a navigation task shown in Fig.36Table 1shows the number of steps when the agent first derives an optimal path by the greedy policy for &-learning  , Dyna-Q architecture and Exa-Q architec- ture. The learning rate is also fasterFig.4. Sutton 11 employed Q-learning in his Dyna architecture and presented an application of optimal path finding problems. In the course of Q-learning  , a utility function of action-state pairs  , Q  , will be gradually obtained that indicates which action in some state will lead to a better state in order to receive rewards in the future. The tracking performances after ONE learning trial with q=20 are summarized in Table 1. At the beginning of learning control of each situation   , CMAC memory is refreshed. where a is a learning factor  , P is a discounted factor  ,  teed to obtain an optimal policy  , Q-learning needs numerous trials to learn it and is known as slow learning rate for obtaining Q-values. Make a planning according t o the planning procedureFig.1. To this end  , we specify a distribution over Q: PQq can indicate  , for example  , the probability that a specific query q is issued to the information retrieval system which can be approximated. Therefore  , we need to deal with potentially infinite number of related learning problems  , each for one of the query q ∈ Q. Many learning sessions have been performed  , obtaining quickly good results. A learning session consists in initializing the Q function randomly  , then performing several sequences of experiments and learning until a good result is achieved. The RL system is in control of the robot  , and learning progresses as in the standard Q-learning framework. Once the learned policy is good enough to control the robot  , the second phase of learning begins. Then we showed the extended method of connectionist Q-Learning for learning a behavior with continuous inputs and outputs . First  , we discussed the overall architecture for learning of complex motions by real robotic systems. The learning system is applied t o a very dynamic control problem in simulation and desirable abilities have been shown. Learning. Positive/negative vq  , r corresponds to a vote in favor of a positive or negative answer respectively. the action-value in the Q-learning paradigm. For control applications  , they should optimise certain cost functions  , e.g. The parameters of Q-learning and the exploration scheme are the same than in the previous experiments. 9. The learning rate q determines how rapidly EG learns from each example. Initial weight ,s are typically set to i. At the Q-learning  , the penalty that has negative value is employed . Second point is the handling of the penalty. And learning coefficients q and a are 0.1 and 0.2 respectively. where thekyc is the sampled data  , yr target direction. We follow the explanation of the Q-learning by Kaelbling 8. For more through treatment  , see 7. The central challenge in learning to rank is that the objective q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y is highly discontinuous; its gradient is either zero or undefined at any given point w. The vast majority of research on learning to rank is con-cerned with approximating the objective with more benign ones that are more tractable for numerical optimization of w. We review a few competitive approaches in recent work. During training  , we are looking for a w that minimizes q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y usually added to some regularization penalty like w 2 2 on the model. RQ3 Does the representation q 2 of a query q as defined in §3.2.2 provide the means to transfer behavioral information from historical query sessions generated by the query q to new query sessions generated by the query q ? RQ2 Does the LSTM configuration have better learning abilities than the RNN configuration ? The task of question classification could be automatically accomplished using machine learning methods 91011. Given a question 1 2 .. k Q q q q =   , it is natural to assign it to the question class which has highest posterior probability  , i.e. , * arg max Pr |  The goal of information retrieval  , is to learn a retrieval function h * that will be good for all the queries q ∈ Q. Machine learning methods would allow combining the two data sources for more accurate profiles than those obtained from each source alone. Finally  , we note that the B+Q→Q curve is dominated by the Q→Q curve for smaller profiles because of the simplistic profile construction procedure we used. A Q-value is the discounted expected on-line return for per­ forming an action at the current state. In Q­ learning the policy is formed by determining a Q-value for each state-action pair. The latter problem is typically solved using learning to rank techniques. where scq sub   , D is the retrieval score of using q sub to retrieve D. achieve the best retrieval performance. Different meta-path based ranking features and learning to rank model can be used to recommend nodes originally linked to v Q i via these removed edges. , we randomly remove p% of edges in E Q i from the graph. During exploration  , the agent chooses the action to execute randomly  , while during exploitation the agent executes the action with the highest Q-value. Each weight of CMAC has an additional information to store a count of updation of the weight. a t states I and params p  , Q  p   , ~   , u    , employing a Q-learning rule. This function is the maximum cumulative discounted reward that can be achieved by starting from state s and applying action a as the first action. where 0 < y < 1 Q learning defines an evaluation function Qs ,a. Sarsalearning starts with some initial estimates for the Q-values that are then dynamically updated  , but there is no maximization over possible actions in the transition state stti. According to the conditional independency assumptions  , we can get the probability distribution pR ij |q through  , the problem of learning probability pR ij |q  , by a probabilistic graphical model  , which is described by Figure 1. For CXHist  , the buckets are initialized with nexp exponential values and the gradient descent update method with a learning rate of 1 is used. The notation CHk  , q  , triggersize denotes the CH method with parameters k  , q and triggersize. To test the robots  , the Q-learning function is located within another FSA for each individual robot. The Q-learner does not have to select the last role it was executing before it died. Selection and reproduction are applied and new population is structured . The Q-table is reinforced using learning dynamics and the finesses of genes are calculated based on the reinforced Q-table. By this way  , the robot acquired stable target approaching and obstacle avoida nce behavior. And or learning  , we proposed Switching Q-lear ning in which plural Q-tables are used alternately according to dead-lock situations. Learning Inference limit the ability of a model to represent the questions. This results in topic distributions associated with the sets Q and QA and each element contained therein θ Q i and θ QA i Figure 10: The one-dimension of distribution of the Q­ values when the se ct ions of the Q-value surfaces  , Fig. Q-Learning is known to converge to an optimal Q function under appropriate conditions 10. where s t+1 is the state reached from state s when performing action a at time t. At each step  , the value of a state action pair is updated using the temporal difference term  , weighted by a learning rate α t . After Q-Learning is applied  , for making smooth robot motion using key frames  , cubic spline interpolation are applied using the joint angles of key frames. For extracting appropriate key frames  , Q-Learning is applied in order to take away the frame with significant noises. It is difficult to apply the usual Q-learning to the real robot that has many redundant degrees of freedom and large action-state space. The application of the usual Q-learning is restricted to simple tasks with the small action-state space. In the first paper  , it was put forward that Q-learning could be used at any level of the control hierarchy. It may be the case that learning models is easier than learning Q functions  , as models can be learned in a supervised manner and may be smoother or less complex than Q functions. The model representation is learned from data  , and the value function representation is computed. This step is like dividing the problem of learning one single ranking model for all training queries into a set of sub-problems of learning the ranking model for each ranking-sensitive query topic. Topicqi = ⟨P C1|qi  , P C2|qi  , · · ·   , P Cn|qi⟩  , where P Ci|q is the probability that q belongs to Ci. And Q-maps were learned in their approaches instead of directly learning a sequence of associations between states and behaviors. But in their methods  , fixed-priority mechanisms such as suhsumption were employed  , and thus  , priority should be given before learning. However  , there have only been a small number of learning experiments with multiple robots to date. There has been a lot of successful use of Q learning on a single robot. Q-learning also implicitly learns the reward function . Comparisons between direct and model-based learning for efficiency and task-transfer can also be found in Atkeson and Santamaria 13  for swing up of pendulum with continuous actions. The only way that Q-learning can find out information about its environment is to take actions and observe their effects . The other main problem is that of incorporating prior knowledge into the learning system. Five different learning coefficients ranging: from 0.002 to 0.1 are experimented. The query sets for learning and evaluation are the same as those in the experiments of section 4  , that is to say  , Q r and Q2  , respectively. Some LOs may require prerequisites. Given a learning request Q and a repository of learning objects {LO 1   , ..  , LO n }  , find a composition of LOs that covers the user's query as much as possible. As a result  , learning on the task-level is simpler and faster than learning on the component system level. Task-level learning is applied to the entire system  , as oppwed to each component Q vision ayatem level module  , in order to reduce the degrees of freedom of the learning problem. This form of Q-learning can also be used  , as postulated by It could be used to control behavioral assemblages as demonstrated in the intercept scenario. To build a machine learning based quality predictor  , we need training samples. Therefore  , we need to properly handle these bad documents Q&A pairs. In our final experiment we tested the scalability of our approach for learning in very high dimensions. x ≡ q ∈ IR 27  This example implementation assumes the SAGE RL module uses Q-learning 9 . The exploration cost measures how well the policy performs on the target task. The state space consists of interior states and exterior states. <Formation of Q-learning> The action space consists of the phenotypes of the generated genes. For participant 2  , Q-learning converged in 75% of the cases and required around 100 steps on average. Convergence usually took around 70 steps. We developed a simple framework to make reward shaping socially acceptable for end users. An update in Q-learning takes the form Before Q* can be calculated with con­ ventional techniques  , the domain must be discretized. Many learning scenarios involve demonstrations in a con­ tinuous domain. So improvement of the performance of the acquired strategy is expected and the And a new strategy is acquired using Q-learning. The evaluation is given every 1 second. The values of normalization constant   , U and learning rate q were empirically set to 0.06 and 0.04  , respectively. Thus  , the first stage has become a bottleneck for the entire planner. First  , the computational cost of learning the optimal Q values is expensive in the first stage. 6 and Tan 7  studied an application of singleagent Q-learning to multiagent tasks without taking into account the opponents' strategies. Relatively to our approach  , Sen et al. The simulation results manifest our method's strong robustness. And 200 times reproduction is carried out. Since we assume the problem solving task  , the unbiased Q-learning takes long time. Figure 4shows an example of such state space. They show that given the optimal values  , the Q-learning team can ultimately match or beat the performance of the Homogeneous team. 6. We will call this type of reward function sparse. However  , there are a number of problems with simply using standard Q-learning techniques. where q 0 is the original query and α is an interpolation parameter. We will use these retrieval scores as a feature in learning to rank. Fortunately  , we saw in §2.2 that Θ Q could be more accurately estimated by applying supervised learning. A similarly striking effect for dependencies is observed in §3.4. And 30 times reproduction is carried out. The f q  , d model is constructed automatically using supervised machine learning techniques with labelled ranking data 13. In an IR setting  , a system maintains a collection of documents D. Given a query q  , the system retrieves a subset of documents d ∈ Dq from the collection  , ranks the documents by a global ranking model f q  , d  , and returns the top ranked documents. The goal of learning-to-rank is to find a scoring function f x that can minimize the loss function defined as: Let P Q denote the probability of observing query Q  , based on the underlying distribution of queries in the universe Q of all possible queries that users can issue together with all possible result combinations. It was then shown in 5 that Q-learning in general case may have an exponential computational complexity. The convergence of the estimated Qvalues   , ˆ Qs  , a  , to their optimal values  , ⋆ Qs  , a  , was proven in 4 under the conditions that each state-action pair is updated infinitely often  , rewards are bounded and α tends asymptotically to 0. CONTEX is a deterministic machine-learning based grammar learner/parser that was originally built for MT Hermjakob  , 1997. For questions with the Qtargets Q-WHY-FAMOUS  , Q-WHY-FAMOUS-PERSON  , Q-SYNONYM  , and others  , the parser also provides qargs—information helpful for matching: At first  , an initial set of population is structured randomly  , and the Q-table that consists of phenotype of the initial population is constructed. Hence  , we cast the problem of learning a distance metric D between a node and a label as that of learning a distance metric D that would make try to ensure that pairs of nodes in the same segment are closer to each other than pairs of nodes across segments. If our distance metric D assigns a very small distance between p and q then it will also make sure that p and q are close to the same labels |D p  , α−D q  , α| ≤ D p  , q from triangle inequality. where the learning rate 7lc is usually much greater than the de-learning rate q ,. It should be pointed out that the original RPCL was proposed heuristically  , but it has been shown that it is actually a special case of the general RPCL proposed in 6  , which was obtained from harmony learning6  , 71 and with the ability of automatically determining the learning and de-learning rates. Task-level learning provides a method of compensating for the structural modelling errors of the robot's component level control systems. In general Q-learning methods  , exploration of learning space is promoted by selecting an action by a policy which selects actions stochastically according to the distribution of action utilities. Hence we determine the policy so as to output the action of the largest utility  , uPp ,r  , and to explore the learning space we add stochastic fluctuation ll1is method is an appr oximate dynamic pro­ gramming method in which only value updating is per­ formed based on local informa tion. Introduction of Learning Method: "a-Learning" Althongh therc are several possible lcarning mcthods that could be used in this system  , we employed the Q-learning method 6. Using example trajectories through the space allows us to easily incorporate human knowledge about how to perform a task in the learning system. The corresponding learning curves  , convergence rates  , and the average rewards are different based on the property values and the number of the blocks. For Q-learning  , we experimentally chose a learning rate α = 0.01 and a discount factor γ = 0.8; these parameters influence the extent to which previously unseen regions of the state-action space are explored. The use of prior system expertise explains the small number of grasp trials required in the construction of the F/S predictor mod- ule. The results suggest that learning to identify successful interaction patterns between a predictable grasp controller and a class of object geometries is more efficient than learning a control policy from scratch Q-learning.  Introduction of Learning Method: "a-Learning" Althongh therc are several possible lcarning mcthods that could be used in this system  , we employed the Q-learning method 6. The execution term of each oscillation motion per one action is two peri­ ods. It has been verified that such a hierarchical learning method works effectively for a centralize d controlled systems  , but the effectiveness of such a distributed controllcd system is not guaranteed. 4.2.2 Proposed Method: "Switching-Q": For cases in­ volving complex problems  , such as a robot's navigati on learning  , some hierarchical learning methods have bee n proposed 9  , 10  , 11  , etc. where q i k is the desired target value of visible neuron i at time step k. Additionally to the supervised synaptic learning  , an unsupervised learning method called intrinsic plasticity IP is used. In the following the online gradient rule with learning rate η IP and desired mean activity µ is shown: As the performance demonstration of the proposed method  , we apply this method on navigation tasks. In this paper  , we present an Exa-Q architecture which learns models and makes plans using the learned models to help a learning agent explore an environment actively  , avoids the learning agent falling into a local optimal policy  , and further  , accelerates the learning rate for deriving the optimal policy. It can be proven 17 that this formula converges if each action is executed in each state an infinite number of times and a is decayed appropriately. Thus the Q-function makes the actions explicit  , which allows us to compute them on-line using the following Q-learning update rule: where a is the learning rate  , and y is the discount factor 0 5 y < 1 . Second  , if the learning rate is low enough to prevent the overwriting of good information  , it takes too long to unlearn the incorrect portion of the previously learned policy. None of these methods work in conjunction with direct transfer of Q-values for the same two reasons: First  , if the learning rate is too high  , correct in­ formation is overwritten as new Q-values are up­ dated. Some researchers minimize a convex upper bound 17 on the objective above: The central challenge in learning to rank is that the objective q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y is highly discontinuous; its gradient is either zero or undefined at any given point w. The vast majority of research on learning to rank is con-cerned with approximating the objective with more benign ones that are more tractable for numerical optimization of w. We review a few competitive approaches in recent work. Each  X is classified into two categories based on the maximum action values separately obtained by Q learning: the area where one of the learned behaviors is directly applicable  n o more learning area  , and the area where learning is necessary due t o the competition of multiple behaviors re-learning area. JQe apply the proposed method t o a simplified soccer game including two mobile robots Figure 5. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we explain the task and assumptions   , and give a brief overview of the Q-learning. issues from a viewpoint of robot learning: a coping with a " state-action deviation " problem which occurs in constructing the state and action spaces in accordance with outputs from the physical sensors and actuators   , and b learning from easy missions mechanism for rapid task learning instead of task decomposition. Instead of learning only one common hamming space  , LBMCH is to learn hashing functions characterized by Wp and Wq for the p th and q th modalities  , which can map training data objects into distinct hamming spaces with mp and mq dimensions i.e. , code length  , respectively  , such that mp and mq may be different. i i = 1  , ···  , Nq to be the columns of Z q   , we have Z q ∈ R k×Nq . Thus  , improvements in retrieval quality that address intrinsically diverse needs have potential for broad impact. For example  , considering average number of queries  , total time  , and prevalence of such sessions  , common tasks include: discovering more information about a specific topic 6.8 queries  , 13.5 min  , 14% of sessions; comparing products or services 6.8 q  , 24.8 m  , 12%; finding facts about a person 6.9 q  , 4.8 m  , 3.5%; and learning how to perform a task 13 q  , 8.5 m  , 2.5%. In addition  , we study a retrieval model which is trained by supervised signals to rank a set of documents for given queries in the pairwise preference learning framework. Given a query q and a document d  , the relevance score between q and d is modeled as: As results shown  , Dyna-Q architecture accelerates the learning rate greatly and gets better Q-value rate because planning are made in the learned model. In general  , the &-value rate of Qlearning is lowerFig.5  , and  , the number of steps to enter the goal for the first time by the greedy policy is also larger Table 1. What is needed for learning are little variations of these quantities displacements: ∆x  , ∆F and ∆q. During the motion data are gathered from absolute position sensor  , x ∈ R 2   , force sensor tendons tensions  , F ∈ R 3   , and motor encoders  , q ∈ R 3 . find that a better method is to combine the question-description pairs used for training P D|Q with the description-question pairs used for training P Q|D  , and to then use this combined set of pairs for learning the word-to-word translation probabilities. Xue et al. But such a complexity may be substantially reduced to some small polynomial function in the size of the state space if an appropriate reward structure is chosen and if Q-values are initialized with some " good " values. In this section  , we will discuss an accuracy metric and a learning method that are probably more relevant to the grasping task than previous work. , m q } where y qi = r which means i-th pair has rank r. The NDCG score for scene q is defined as 29 So if the fitness is calculated from unregulated Q-table  , the selected actions at the state that is close to the goal are evaluated as a high val.ues. In the Q-learning  , the value of the state that is closer to goal state is higher. Furthennore  , Table Ishows that  , in the Switching-Q case  , the rates fall in all situations  , comparing with the 90% uf after-learning situatiun in Single-Q case. Thus  , each agent acquired its action rules in or der to appro­ priately use those rules in various situations. It is because 528 that  , for distributed agents  , the transitions between new rule ta ble and pa�t rule table were not simultane ous. As Q increases  , both BITM and sBITM show that they can learn the topic labels more accurately when there are more brand conscious users. By taking average of all Errk t   , we can define error T opicErr in learning topics for each model as performs the same when Q = 100. Executing an action with a high Q-value in the current state does not necessarily return an immediate high reward  , but the future actions will very likely return a high cumulative reward. The idea behind learning is to find a scoring function that results in the most sensitive hypothesis test. The corresponding feature vector ϕq  , c would then have two binary features ϕq  , c = 1  , if c is last click; 0 else 1  , if c is not last click; 0 else . However  , this approach is also problematic as a single URL in the test set  , which was unseen in the training set  , would yield an infinite entropy estimate. by learning the distribution of the triples U RL  , Q  , IP  on one set of training data  , and then using these probabilities to estimate HU RL|Q  , IP  on a different set of test data. These weights should reflect the effectiveness of the lists with respect to q. q  , l  , where α l is a non-negative weight assigned to list l. The prediction over retrieved lists task that we focus on here is learning the α l weights. The exploration-cost estimate is used by the ECM to help remove certain types of incorrect advice. An estimatc of the exploration cost  , denoted R  , is used during learning and is calculated using the current estimate of the Q-valucs  , Q  s   , a  . Unlike the uni-modal data ranking  , cross-modal ranking attempts to learn a similarity function f q  , d between a text query q and an image d according to a pre-defined ranking loss. We consider that learning scores for ranking from a supervised manner  , in which the ranking of images corresponding to a given textual query is available for training. Indeed  , an important characteristic of any query-subset selection technique would be to decrease the value-addition of a query q ∈ Q based on how much of that query has in common with the subset of queries already selected S. Submodularity is a natural model for query subset selection in Learning to Rank setting. To illustrate this goal  , consider the following hypothetical scenario where the scoring function scoreq  , c = w T ϕq  , c differentiates the last click of a query session from other clicks within the same session. Typically a learning-to-rank approach estimates one retrieval model across all training queries Q1  , ..  , Q k represented by feature vectors  , after which the test query Qt is ranked upon the retrieval model and the output is presented to the user. Q1  , ..  , Q k are the queries in the training set and Qt is the test query. \Ve also tried several alternate exploration strategies 12 including recency-based  , counter­ based  , and error-based exploration. TALI denotes the traditional active learning using informativeness  , where the most 20 uncertain instances are added to previous training set to train a new active learner. The batch  Q  size is set to be 20.  ,\ = 0.5 and 3 = 1. One of the great advantages of direct manipulation is that it places the task in the center of what users do. Figure 2shows the DCG comparison results. Since traditional active learning approaches cannot directly applied to query selection in ranking  , we compare it with random query selection denoted by Random-Q used in practice. For comparison purposes  , the corresponding plot for the Q-learning based controller and is also shown plot c and the knowledge-based controller plotb  , averaged over 500 epochs. Our method can be applied to nondeterministic domain because the Q-learning is used t o find out the optimal policy for accomplishing the given task. These procedures can make non-uniform quantization of the state space. We assume that the robot can discriminate the set  the reward distribution  , we can solve the optimal policy   , using methods from dynamic programming 19. Here  , we briefly review the basics of the Q-learning 20. At each step  , Q-learning generates a value for the swing time from a predefined discrete set 0.2 to 1.0 second  , increment of 0.02 second. a and y of Equation 1 are assigned 0.1 and 0.9 respectively. The knowledge offered by a learning object LO i and the prerequisites required to reach that LO are denoted LO i and PR i respectively. The user's query and his background knowledge are denoted Q and BK respectively . One action is selected according to Boltzmann Dis­ tribution in the learning phase  , and is selected accord­ ing to the greedy metho d in the execution phase using the Q-values. 1  , 0.99 is employed. Jordan and Rumelhart proposed a composite learning system as shown in Unfortunately   , the relationship between the actions and the outcomes is unknown Q priori  , that is  , we don't know the mathematical function that represents the envi- ronment. However  , tracking performancc IS difficult to evaluate bcforc actual excculion of Icaining control. Simulation results reveal that uniform tracking performance with ~=0.017 rad one dcgrcc can casily be achicvcd with thc learning factor q chosen somcwhat freely. Parallel Learning. By reusing S q and the prediction cachê rui  , we can calculate the objective function in O|R| + M K 2  time  , much faster than with direct calculation. All other agents utilized a discount rate of 0.7. The Q-learning module of the ACT- PEN agent used a discount rate of 1.0 and actions were selected greedily from the current policy with ties being broken randomly. Figure 4shows the distribution of trajectory times according to two adjoining distances and the best result of Q-learning. This restriction can easily be removed to allow the vehicle to select the best path. Ealch trial starts at a random location and finishes either when the goal is attained or when 100 steps are carried out. In both mappings  , Q-learning with Boltzmann ex- m 1st mapping 2nd mapping ploration was used. These tentative states are regarded as the states in Q-learning at the next iteration. As a result  , in terms of one tSk  , 2 N leaf nodes are generated and correspond t o tentative states. However  , γ i is also low when significant noise are overlapped. The values of learning rates ⌘1 and ⌘2 are set as constant 0.05 in the experiments. Matrices P and Q will be updated with equations given in Section 3.1.3 until convergence. q Optimized Set Reduction OSR  , which is based on both statistics and machine learning principles Qui86. This technique has been applied to software engineering modeling MK92  , as well as other experimental fields. We retrieve documents with the expanded query˜qquery˜ query˜q  , which provides us with a retrieval score per document. Our robot can select an action to be taken in the current state of the environment. In applying Q-learning to our task  , we have to define an action space. We randomly selected 894 new Q&A pairs from the Naver collection and manually judged the quality of the answers in the same way. However  , we can compute them incrementally 7  , by using eligibility traces. The above updates in QA-learning cannot be made as long as future rewards are not known. When the robot is initially started  , it signals the MissionLab console that it is active and loads the parameters for random hazards. This allows for real-time reward learning in many situations  , as is shown in Section IV . Second  , calculation of the control action aCL is typically extremely fast compared to calculating or approximating an entire action-value function Q*. Armed with crowdsourced labels and feature vectors  , we have reduced circumlocution to a classical machine learning problem. In the two- Query Symptom q s  , dicts  , encycs  , roots  , synroots  , paras The former function is realized to select key frames using Q-Learning approach for removing the noisy camera data. In this study  , we have proposed methods for mimicking and evaluating human motion. The agent aims not only to explore the various features of the application under test  , but also to identify the most significant features and their combinations. The model distinguishes high-value from low-value paths  , that are paths with high and low Q-values. The model obtained at the end of the learning phase represents the portion of the execution space that has been explored. This approach has been developed at the University of Maryland and has been applied in several software engineering applications lj3BT92  , BBH92. Type indicates the type of entry: 'F' for a frequent value or 'Q' for a quantile adjustment for the corresponding Col_Value value. Timestamp is the compile time of the query and is used to prohibit learning from old knowledge. Because they have sufficient rules and weights  , the answers are created from learning their known question and answer pairs in the open domain. Abraham Ittycheriah applied Machine Translation ideas to the Q/A 3. They search for a good sequence of tree edit operations using complex and computationally expensive Tree Kernel-based heuristic. Heilman & Smith  , 2010 15 develop an improved Tree Edit Distance TED model for learning tree transformations in a q/a pair. And a new strategy is acquired using Q-learning. At the next generation  , a new exploration space that includes the actions that is succeeded in the previous generation is generated. For comparison purposes  , the corresponding results for the knowledge-based controller and the Q-learning controller are reported in columns a and b  , respectively. Table 1  , column c reports the average percent failure rate observed for each object. The state space consists of the initial state and the states that can be transited by generated actions. 4shows the data flow in the control loop that runs at f control = 7.81 Hz. Table 2 contains the values which achieved the best performance for each map. A moving average window of 25 consecutive values is used to smooth the data. Learning is completely data-driven and has therefore no explicit model knowledge about the robot platform. The RNN implements a dynamical mapping between end-effector positions u and joint values q. In theory  , this is all that is necessary for the robot to learn the optimal policy. This phenomenon can be explained by observing that humans do not always explicitly reward correct social behavior. In our experiments with asynchronous Q-Learning  , the system appears to forget as soon as it learns. In order to confirm the effectiveness of our method  , we conducted an experiment. However  , it does not exploit information from Δ. This is a reasonable objective as it leads to positive values of w δφ q y  at optimum  , which is the case in structured learning. For different values of maxlength  , AUPlan clearly represents a tradeoff between the optimal solution OptPlan and the Q-learning based solution QPlan. When the maxlength is three  , AUPlan has about 85% of the optimal solution. It is well-known that learning m based on ML generally leads to overfitting. Let r i = |Ω Xi | and q i = |Ω X pai |  , then the number of free parameters is defined as The results show that the Exa-Q architecture not only explores an environment actively but also is faster in learning rate. Fig.9 shows the comparison of the Qvalue rate at probability 0.1. The force measurements at the wing base consist of gravitational  , inertial and aerodynamic components. Before getting into the details of our system  , we briefly review the basics of the Q-learning. For each state-action pair  s   , a    , the reward r  s   , a  is defined. Eighteen P=18 images from each scene class were used for training and the remaining ones Q=6 for testing. In the experiments in this section  , we investigate how attention affects learning and recognition of cluttered scenes. from the learning and diagnostic heuristics point of view  , the goal is not only to diagnose the error but also to encode the diagnostic heuristics for the error hypothesis. and E-= q ,e3 ,egl. Unlike Q­ learning  , QA-leaming not only considers the immediate reward  , it also takes the discounted future rewards into consideration. It propagates the reward backward only one step. Figures 4 and 5show examples where it converged for each participant. On every third revision  , three exploration-free rollouts were evaluated  , each using identical controls  , to evaluate learning progress. Results reported here are for qterminal = 300  , T = 300  , q = 1  , R = .33331 . The cumulative discounted reward is the sum of rewards that a robot expects to receive after entering into a particular state. Q learning is designed to optimize a robot policy n that is based on cumulative discounted rewards V". Continuous states are handled and continuous actions are generated by fuzzy reasoning in DFQL. This method keeps the main advantage of Q-learning over actor-critic leaming -the ability of exploration insensitivity  , which is desired in real-world applications. Thus  , learning to rank can also be regarded as a classification problem  , where the label space Y is very large. The " defect " of a ranking y wrt the ideal ranking y q is encoded in a loss function 17 While this generality is appealing and necessary in situations where modeling is impractical  , learning tends to be less data-efficient and is not generalizable to different tasks within the same environment 8. Model-free RL approaches  , such as Q-Learning 6 and policy gradient descent 7  , are capable of improving robot performance without explicitly modeling the world. They showed that if the other agents' policies are stationary then the learning agent will converge to some stationary policy as well. If a function approximator is used to learn the policy  , value  , or Q function inadequate exploration may lead to interference during learning  , so correct portions of the policy are actually degraded during learning. In both cases  , if the policy exploration is not adequate  , some regions of the policy may be incorrect. A table is created whose rows correspond to combinations of property values of blocks that can be involved in a put action. problem and learns a policy to achieve the desired configuration using Q-learning; this learning may be achieved using a combination of simulation and real-world trials. Because the learning rate is smaller than unity  , without reward  , the value of a given stateaction pair decreases  , effectively causing the system to treat absence of reward as punishment. As an example of the application  , the proposed method is tested with a two-link brachiation robot which learns a control policy for its swing motion 191. The learning method is based on Q-learning using connectionist model for representing utility functions 12546. All agents used a learning rate  , cy = 1.0 due to the deterministic environment. Previous work has generally solved this problem either by using domain knowledge to create a good discretization of the state space 9 or by hierarchically decomposing the problem by hand to make the learning task easier In all of the work presented here  , we use HEDGER as part of our Q-learning implementation. The main reason is that the values of rewards fade over time  , causing all robots to prefer actions that have immediate rewards. Popular non-averagereward-based learning techniques such as Q learning are effective at the action level  , but not at the task level  , because they do not induce cooperation  , understood as the division of labor according to function and/or location.   , a , , , based on their q-values with an exploration-exploitation strategy of l  , while the winning local action Because the basic fuzzy rules are used as starting points  , the robot can be operated safely even during learning and only explore the interesting environments to accelerate the learning speed. As regards the learning component  , the extensive studies have been made. In the single-agent case there is a remarkable example of study of the complexity of single-agent Q-learning with a comparison of heuristically initialized and zero-initialized cases by Koenig and Sim- mons 5. To overcome the third problem we can give greater importance to the last steps by increasing the rate of E changing. The problem solving task is defined as any learning task where the system receives a reward only upon entering a goal state. We assume the " homogeneous " state space uniformly Ic-bounded with polynomial width of the depth IC and zero-initialized Q-learning with a problem solving task. Prior knowledge can be embedded into the fuzzy rules  , which can reduce the training time significantly. This self-organizing feature makes system performance better than that of the conventional Fuzzy Q-Learning FQL of 181  , in which structure identification  , such as partitioning the input and output space and determination of number of fuzzy rules are still carried out offline and kept fixed during learning. In all scenes  , the policies are learned incrementally and efficiently. We showed an important feature of the B-spline fuzzy controller: for supervised learning  , if the squared error is selected as the action-value  , its partial differentiation with respect to each control vertex is a convex function. Q-learning 4 is a dynamic programming method that consists in calculating the utility of an action in a state by interacting with the environment. A learning agent should calculate an optimal policy ⋆ π by making a number of trials  , i.e. , by interacting with the environment. This learning rate was found to give optimal convergence speed vs final MSE  , however any learning rate within the range of 0.01 to 0.04 gave comparable results. The relationship between the number of hidden units and MSE on training and test data for a q of 0.02 is shown in Figure 6; note the test performance is evaluated at 5 epoch intervals. DFQL generalizes the continuous input space with hzzy rules and has the ability o f responding to the varying states with smoothly varying actions using fuzzy reasoning. In this paper  , we employ a new Q-learning method  , termed DFQL  , to facilitate real-time dynamic learning and control of mobile robots. Decrement the utility of entries in T b i that correspond to the property values identified for a worst . First  , we consider the mechanism of behavioral learning of simple tar get approaching. From this table  , we can see that in the single Q-learning case  , the correspunding rates of both cases were about 10% at initial phase of learning  , while  , after learning  , the rates rose up to ov er 90%  , Tha t is  , as a result of distribuh!d learning  , selection prob­ abilities of actions so rise that some strong connections of rules among the agents or inside one individual agent were implicitly formed  , consequently  , the sequential motion patterns were acquired. Further by refining the model and improving the value function estimates with real experiences  , the proposed method enhances the convergence rate of Q-learning. But differing from planning previous like k-certainty exploration learning system or Dyna-Q architecture which utilizes the learned model to adjust the policy or derive an optimal policy to the goal  , the objective of this planning is using the learned model to aid the agent to search the rules not executed till current time and realize fully exploring the environment. On the other hand  , "Rate of inner-agent" means that of rule transi­ tion inside the certain single agent. Eventually robot has a single color TV camera and does not know the locationis  , the sizes and the weights of the ball and the other agent  , any camera parameters such as focal length and tilt angle  , or kinematics/dynamics of itself . The performance of the Translation Model and the Translation- Based Language Model will rely on the quality of the word-to-word translation probabilities. The task of generating hash codes for samples can be formalized as learning a mapping bx  , referred to as a hash function  , which can project p-dimensional real-valued inputs x ∈ R p onto q-dimensional binary codes h ∈ H ≡ {−1  , 1} q   , while preserving similarities between samples in original spaces and transformed spaces. In this work  , we propose to use hashing methods to address the efficiency problem. In the case of model-based learning the planner can compensate for modeling error by building robust plans and by taking into account previous task outcomes in adjusting the plan independently of model updates Atkeson and Schaal  , 1997. At this point it is only a hope rather than a guarantee that a policy based on the imperfect model Q function will lead to experiences that correct the model's Q function's flaws. Planning is made through " examining " every Q values on the model which is learned by real experiences. In the following  , we will describe a generic approach to learning all these probabilities following the same way. Given an answer a  , a question q and a user u described by feature vectors x a   , x q and x u   , let the probability of them being a good answer  , good question  , good asker or good answerer be P xa  , P xq  , Pqstxu and Pansxu  , respectively. The most closely related branches of work to ours are 1 those that aim to mine and summarize opinions and facets from documents especially from review corpora  , and 2 those that study Q/A systems in general. Rather  , our goal is to use Q/A data as a means of learning a 'useful' relevance function  , and as such our experiments mainly focus on state-of-the-art relevance ranking techniques. For instance  , for the setting of q = 1/4X2 used in our experiments  , and with appropriate assumptions about the random presentation of examples   , their results imply the following upper bound on the expected square loss of the vector w computed by WH:l Kivinen and Warmuth focus on deriving upper bounds on the error of WH and EG for various settings of the learning rate q. The learning method does not need to care about these issues. If we assign a reward function according to the Euclidean distance to the goal to speed 13t8 Table 2up the learning  , we would suffer from local maxima of Q-values because the Euclidean distance measure cannot always reflect the length of the action sequence because of the non-holonomic property of the mobile robot. Eqn.8 provides continuity from this self-learn value as well as allowing for a varying degree of influence from the selfrelevant on the whole relevant set  , controlled by the learning rate 'rIQ and the number of iterations VQ. set of queries {qJ known relevant to d  , using a schedule q~  , v~ and leading to improved estimates for WV& It is found that results are sensitive to these learning schedules. b With the learned mapping matrices W q and W v   , queries and images are projected into this latent subspace and then the distance in the latent subspace is directly taken as the relevance of query-image. a Latent subspace learning between textual query and visual image: click-through-based cross-view learning by simultaneously minimizing the distance between the query and image mappings in the latent subspace weighted by their clicks and preserving the inherent structure in each original feature space. Although it takes long time to converge  , the learning method can find a sequence of feasible actions for the robot to take. When models are incorrect  , a local optimal policy may be planned which will affect the exploration in the environment  , because the agent may attempt to exploit the planned greedy policy as using non-active exploration action selector. The benefit is that it is much safer to incrementally add highly informative but strongly correlated features such as exact phrase match  , match with and without stemming  , etc. associated with each query q  , as is standard in learning to rank 21. However  , this feature was quite noisy and sparse  , particularly for URLs with query parameters e.g. , http://searchmsn n.com/results.aspx ?q=machine+learning&form=QBHP. For each URL in our train and test sets  , we provided a feature to fRank which was how many times it had been visited by a toolbar user. In order to figure out how many steps are needed to converge the Q-learning  , we use O  k  state space and simplify the convergence such that the value of the action value function in each state converges if it is updated from the initial value 0. In LEM  , however  , the robot wanders around the field crossing over the states easy to achieve the goal even if we initially place it at such states. In the task decomposition approach  5    , the Q-learning is closed inside each subtask. In this paper  , the use of Q-learning as a role-switching mechanism in a foraging task is studied. The challenge from a robotics perspective is to determine when role switching is advantageous to the team  , versus remaining in their current roles. Martinson et a1 13  , worked with even higher levels of abstraction  , to coordinate high-level behavioral assemblages in their robots to learn finite state automata in an intercept scenario. Their robot used Q-learning to learn how to push boxes around a room without gening stuck. It takes the agent many steps to find a good path  , especially in the initial trials. We now propose three learning methods  , with each corresponding to opimizing a specific inverse hypothesis test. After training  , the learned w and the resulting test statistic δ w q ,C ,C  will be applied to new pairs of retrieval functions h test   , h test  of yet unkown relative retrieval quality. The results in Table 1show that the PI-based grasp controller performs remarkably well under the experimental conditions. State space should include necessary and sufficient information to achieve the given goal while it should be compact because Q-learning time can be expected exponential in the size of the state space 21 . Totally  , we have 1327 states in the state space If perfect models are not available  , the heuristic search and A*-based methods are able to find good solutions while requiring an order of magnitude less data than Q-Learning approaches. The techniques that do not attempt to create explicit models must run thousands of iterations on the true robot to find policies. Therefore  , our push-boxto-goal task is made to involve following three suhtask; A the robot needs to find the potential boxsearchTarget1 and approach to the boxapproach Also  , the robot needs to find the pathway to the goalsearchTarget2. C. Classifiers in contention For multi-class problems  , a concept referred to as " classifiers in contention " the classifiers most likely to be affected by choosing an example for active learning is introduced in 15. Denote the top two classes with highest probability values for the distributions P and Q to be c 1 In Section 1 we discussed the challenges of learning and evaluation in the presence of noisy ground truth and sparse features. Hence  , the advertisability i.e. , the probability of the ads displayed for query q to be clicked can be written as: The example x is then labelled with the class y  , the newly labelled example x  , y is temporarily inserted into the training set  , and then its class and class probability distribution Q are newly predicted. Briefly sketched  , an unlabelled example x is predicted a class y and respective class probability distribution P by the given machine learning classifier. In the context of the appearance-based approach  , the mapspace X into action space Y remains a nontrivial problem in machine learning  , particularly in incremental and realtime formulations. Each internal node has q children  , and each child is associated with a discriminating function: For a more detailed discussion of Q-learning  , the reader is referred to 7 ,17 It can be proven 17 that this formula converges if each action is executed in each state an infinite number of times and a is decayed appropriately. More specifically  , each learning iteration has the following structure: Let us elaborate on some of the steps. The "empirical" rewards obtained in the simulation are used to update the expected value of taking the action -in other words to update the current approxi­ mation Q. Using the translation probabilities introduced in the previous subsection  , we can now define a probabilistic measurement for the overall coherence for a query q s   , i.e. , The key of this learning procedure is to first define the overall coherence for a query  , and then efficiently identify the set of translation probabilities that maximizes the overall coherence measurement. As more domain knowledge used to guide the search  , less real data and planning steps are required. After learning  , all motor primitive formulations manage to reproduce the movements accurately from the training example for the same target velocity and cannot be distinguished. This set of differential equations has the same time conHere  , an artificial training example i.e. , q = 2t 2 + cos4tπ − 1 is generated. We have also implemented alur regionbased Q-learning method  Since the TCP/IP protocol is basically used for the execution-level communication  , t hLe control architecture implemented on the central conitroller has been easily tested and modified by connecting with the graphic simulator before the real application to the humanoid robot. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we describe our method to automatically quantize the sensor spaces. Note  , partial bindings  , which come from the same input  , have the same set of unevaluated triple patterns. Distributions for random variables X s Q u b may be obtained by learning a score distribution P X s i  for each join input i. These feature values are then used by a ranking model calculated via Learning To Rank to provide an ordered list of vocabulary terms. Subsequently  , TermPicker calculates various feature values for each candidate x in conjunction with the query-SLP slp q . For example  , an LS for a lecture by Professor PG's on hydraulic geometric lesson would contain collections that foster student understanding of basic concepts such as w  , d  , v  , and Q and enable hypothesis testing concerning relations among them. Instructors select materials useful for promoting learning while students use them to learn. Furthermore  , LSs can be customized by teachers or learners  , and may include tools to promote learning. The learning threshold E l in our simulation study is also chosen concerning the characteristics of the sequential data sets and locates in the range 0.05  , 0.5. A chunk of training data containing K 0 observations will be used to initialize the system  , achieving the initial hidden layer matrix H 0   , the initial output weight matrix Q When the agent finds that staying at a state s will bring higher utility than taking any actions from that state  , it should stop taking any actions wisely. One solution was to provide an additional feature which was the number of times any URL at the given domain was visited by a toolbar user. systems like Watson 11  , or generally systems whose task is to retrieve a list of objective facts that conclusively answer a query. They showed empirically the convergence of Q-learning in that case. b represents the numbero f states explored and the trial  , in which an equilibrium was found  , as a functions of the initial value of α. games with the opponent modeling via fictitious play. Kivinen and Warmuth focus on deriving upper bounds on the error of WH and EG for various settings of the learning rate q. Kivinen and Warmuth Kivinen & Warmuth  , 1994 study in detail the theoretical behavior of EG and WH  , building on previous work Cesa-Bianchi et al. , 1993; Widrow & Stearns  , 1985. LambdaMART 30 is a state-of-the-art learning to rank technique  , which won the 2011 Yahoo! Therefore the final gradient λ new a of a document a within the objective function is obtained over all pairs of documents that a participates in for query q: In such a way  , knowledge of RR contained in the skill could be extended to the arbitrary path that belongs to the learning domain. The value of parameter CT at ET ll& along with SP s = s determines RR for the path point Qu ,. To demonstrate the efficacy of the modified cost function  , a 9-8-1 feedforward ANN is used. Similar to 171  , in order for the control method to be effective  , the ANN learning rate  , and the error coefficients Q  , R  , and S must be carefully tuned. So without prior knowledge  , efficient search  , compare to trial and error   , is possible. In QDSEGA  , Q-learning is applied to a small subset of exploration space to acquire some knowledge ofa task  , and then the subset of exploration space is restructured utilizing the acquired knowledge  , and by repeating this cycle  , effective subset and effective policy in the subset is acquired. The robot has been also trained to overcome an obstacle in the direction of the goal obtaining analogous results initializing also in this case randomly the Q-function. Each lesson lasts a few seconds  , so a complete learning session should last few minutes  , allowing the robot to quickly set-up each time the operative conditions change. Thus the learning rate must balance the agenL's need to unlearn incorrect old informa­ tion  , while preserving old information which was correct. It must drop the left Q-value of .9 all the way down to say .119  , while moving the 0 up to .5. First  , we hope to demonstrate that the complexity problems usually associated with Q-learning 17 in complex scenarios can be overcome by using role-switching. with no inter-robot communication  , learns when to switch  , and what role to switch to  , given the perceptual state of the world. With RL D-k it is not necessary to adjust the transition time such as in Q-learning to get an optimal behaviour of the vehicle. As we can see  , the best result is provided by RL D-2 99.31%  , 20.09 sec. Moreover  , the transition time is not known in advance and it should not be fixed in the entire state space  , especially in complex dynamic systems. When all of the utility values are stored in distinct memories as a table  , the number of spaces to be filled in will soon swell up as the dimension of stateaction space increases . A learning method which optimizes for accuracy would choose h2 since that results in a higher accuracy score  , but this yields a suboptimal MAP score. Similarly  , with h2q  , a threshold between documents 5 and 6 gives 3 errors documents 10-11 incorrectly classified as relevant  , and document 1 as non-relevant  , yielding an accuracy of 0.73. The learned parameter can be then used to estimate the relevance probability P s|q k  for any particular aspect of a new user query. Learning the combination weight w can be conducted by maximizing the log-likelihood function using the iterative reweighted least squares method. The system achieves a good convergence in all the runs  , with a dramatic increase over the poor performance of the system based on current sensor information Fig. Lee 9   , using a rule learning program   , generated rules that predict the current system call based on a window of previous system calls. f f r e q rulesets classify connections in order of increasing frequency followed by normal  , with a default clasrithm that updates the stored sequences and used data from UNIX shell commands. As a second illustration of the use of web projections  , we explore the learning of models to predict users' reformulation behavior and characteristics. Given a transition from query qs to query q d   , predict whether it is a specialization or generalization. Suppose that we want the learning to optimize the ranking function for an evaluation score S. S can be a listwise ranking score  , e.g. where vq is a query  , and v d 1 and v d 2 are two documents to be ranked with respect to v q . We will characterize solutions to the problem in terms of their susceptibility to privacy breaches by the types of adversaries described here. Just as important as ensuring correct output for a query q is the requirement of preventing an adversary from learning what one or more providers may be sharing without obtaining proper access rights. We can see that the above learning model depends exclusively on the corresponding feature space of the specific type of instances  , i.e. ,answers  , questions or users. where y ∈ {0  , 1} are the label of instance vector x; X denotes the any of U  , Q or A  , which corresponds to the type of instance x. Previous work 4  , 9  , 12 has shown the advantage of using a learning to rank approach over using heuristic rules  , especially when there are multiple evidences of ranking to be considered. Given page p and its candidate query set Sp = {q The TREC Q/A track is designed to take a step closer to information retrieval rather than document retrieval. In this section  , we introduce our method in learning topic models from training data collections. 5  , in our proposed ranking framework  , the relevance between a document and a query can be delegated to the problem of evaluating the topical likelihood given a document ptj|d or a query ptj|q  , which relies on the topic model defined in Definition 3. Experimentrdly we find that a=l and f3=0.7 lead to good results. New connections may now grow between these highly activated nodes and the query q  , under consideration Fig.3Once rti is known in Eqn  , 12  , Ww is defined as in Eqn.5 using stored values of Sw These are one-step Hebbian learning Hebb49 equations. We target a situation where partial relevance assessments are available on the initial ranking  , for example in the top 10. We extend this approach by an additional step; we refer to the learning-to-rank model which is trained across all queries Q1  , ..  , Q k  as the initial retrieval model M0 and the induced ranking for the test query as initial ranking. Therefore  , the overall unified hash functions learning step can be very efficient. After the sparse codes for all training data are obtained  , an eigensystem of a small matrix Q ∈ R K×K is solved in OK 3  time to obtain the projection matrix W and corresponding hash functions. A factor graph  , a form of hypergraph representation which is often used in statistical machine learning 6  , associates a factor φe with a hyperedge e ∈ E. Therefore  , most generally  , a relevance score of document D in response to query Q represented by a hypergraph H is given by This relevance score is used to rank the documents in the retrieval corpus. Given a query q  , our goal is to maximise the diversity of the retrieved documents with respect to the aspects underlying this query. In this work  , we propose a supervised learning approach for estimating the appropriateness of multiple intent-aware retrieval models for each query aspect. Additional simulations with relatively small damping terms were found to converge  , however  , the resulting tip motion had large overshoot and prolonged oscillation. If model damping terms are set to zero and S=O  , a combination of values for Q  , R  , and the ANN learning parameter that allow the controller of 1 7 1 to converge could not be found. By using our proposed system  , an mobile robot autonomously acquires the fine behaviors how to move to the goal avoiding moving multiobstacles using the steering and velocity control inputs  , simultaneously. We propose a new action selection t e c h q u e for moving multiobstacles avoidance using hierarchical fuzzy rules  , fuzzy evaluation system and learning automata through the interaction with the real world. Instead of starting from scratch  , work by Mahadevan and Connell  l l  exploited the success of already developed primitive behaviors to learn a task. In the second stage  , the robot makes use of the learned Q values to effectively leam the behaviour coordination mechanism. These experiences can then lead the robot to explore interesting areas in the solution space rather than randomly searching without any experiences at the early stage of learning. The temperature is reduced gradual­ ly from 1.0 to 0.01 according to the progress of the learnillg as showll ill patterns. Since feature patches are not necessarily fixed over the problem space  , each individual synapse can be affected by a multitude of input values per data example q = 1 ,2 ,. That is  , special learning provisions must be madle for the movable feature patch. Due to the low detection ratios  , Q-learning did not always converge to the correct basket. The rewards associated to each executed action were computed based on the class assigned by the classifier: −1 for large errors  , −0.5 for small errors  , and +1 for correct actions. To rank the relevance  , we use the learning to rank technique  , which was successfully used in TREC 2011&2012 Microblog Track. Given a query Q and a tweet D  , the relevance í µí± í µí±í µí±í µí±í µí±í µí±  , í µí°· can be computed as follows: The information and operations accessible through each role searcher  , provider  , indexer can be used to facilitate different types of breaches. The model consists of a set of states  , which represent the states of the application  , and a set of state transitions labeled with the names of the actions that trigger the transitions. According to Q-learning  , when the agent executes an action  , it assigns the action a reward that indicates its immediate utility in that state according to the objective of the agent. However  , the fixed policy is better than the trajectories found by table-based Q- learning. The policy is clearly sub-optimal because it does not try to raise the Acrobot's endpoint above the goal height directly once sufficient energy has been pumped into the system. Of course  , in this particular case all configuration are possible  , but we trained the Q-learning to use this configuration exclusively on the flat terrain since it provides the best observation conditions i.e. The most suitable configuration is the V-shape. flippers do not cause occlusions in the scene sensed by the laser and the omnidirectional camera. We show the feasibility of our proposed system with experimental results. A chunk of training data containing K 0 observations will be used to initialize the system  , achieving the initial hidden layer matrix H 0   , the initial output weight matrix Q As the cognitive component of McFELM is based on OS- ELM  , our proposed method also contains two phases  , namely the initialization phase and sequential learning phase. In the previous section  , we defined the query representation using a hypergraph H = V  , E. In this section  , we define a global function over this hypergraph  , which assigns a relevance score to document D in response to query Q. A factor graph  , a form of hypergraph representation which is often used in statistical machine learning 6  , associates a factor φe with a hyperedge e ∈ E. Therefore  , most generally  , a relevance score of document D in response to query Q represented by a hypergraph H is given by Our objective is to learn a reranking function f : R d → R such that f x q ,i  provides a numerical estimate of the final relevancy of document i for query q  , where i is one of the pages in the list r retrieved by S. In order to avoid the computational cost of training the reranker at query-time  , we learn a query-independent function f : this function is trained only once during an offline training stage  , using a large collection of labeled training examples for many different queries. We denote with θ the learning parameters of the function Although the real experiments are encouraging  , still we have a gap between the computer simulation and the real system. The state-action deviation problem due to the p e d i a r i t y of the visual information is pointed out as one of the perceptual aliasing problem in applying Q-learning to real robot tasks  , and we cnnstructed an action space to cope with this problem. With the features obtained from the images and the differences between the real and estimated robot pose  , two data files have been built to study the problem and obtain the classifier using machine learning techniques 3 . The nominal quality value has to be transformed into a continuous value to be used inside the update phase to represent the quality of the image Qz  , and its value is between 0 and 2. To verify the robustness of our approach to modeling inaccuracy and parameter perturbation  , simulations under four different situations have been carried out: a changc in2 to 1.5m2 ; b change m2 to 2m2 ; c change in2 to 1.5m2   , and add friction torques FICI  , d=20&  , F2q  , 4=20Ci2  , F3q9 4=20&; d changed m2 to 2m2   , with the same friction torques as c. Note that LambdaRank learns on triplets  , as before  , but now only those triplets that produce a non-zero change in S by swapping the positions of the documents contribute to the learning. |ΔS| is the absolute difference in the value of S due to swapping the positions of v d 1 and v d 2 in the ordering of all documents  , with respect to v q   , computed by the current ranking function. The basic assumption of our proposed Joint Relevance Freshness Learning JRFL model is that a user's overall impression assessment by combining relevance and freshness for the clicked URLs should be higher than the non-clicked ones  , and such a combination is specific to the issued query. In addition  , we denote α Q n as the relative emphasis on freshness aspect estimated by the query model fQ Adjusting the quality mapping f i : Q H G to the characteristics of the gripper and the target objects  , and learning where to grasp the target objects by storing successful grasping configurations  , are done on-line  , while the system performs grasping trials. A smooth relationship also holds between the moment arm estimated by the distance d and the torque that rotates the object around the grasping line. We should note that all those complex tasks cannot be identified by the straight-forward Rule-Q wcc baseline  , so that the newly defined task coverage metric measures how well the learning methods can generalize from the weak supervision . All the models are trained on the rest 6192 unannotated users with weak supervision  , and the experimental results are list in Table 8  , where we used sign-test for validating the improvement over the baselines. Formally  , the win-loss results of all two-player competitions generated from the thread q with the asker a  , the best answerer b and non-best answerer set S can be represented as the following set: Hence  , the problem of estimating the relative expert levels of users can be deduced to the problem of learning the relative skills of players from the win-loss results of generated two-player competitions. It is designed for complicated systems with large actionstate space like a robot with many redundant degrees of freedom. In the learning phase of the proposed methodology  , the QA corpora is used to train two topic models Sect. The task of similar question retrieval implies ranking the pairs contained in the QA Corpora C according to their similarity to a query question q *   , producing a partially ordered set C such that its first element has the highest similarity the top  , say  , ten elements of which can then be returned as suggestions. Our starting point is the following intuition  , based upon the observation that hashtags tend to represent a topic in the Twitter domain: From tweets T h associated with a hashtag h  , select a subset of tweets R h ⊆ T h that are relevant to an unknown query q h related to h. We build on this intuition for creating a training set for microblog rankers. This gives us the opportunity to compare what yields better learning to rank performance: training on the 2011 relevance assessments  , or training on automatically generated ground truth ? We also found that there are actually simple BLOG-specific factoid questions that are notoriously difficult to answer using state of the art Q&A technology. Our main finding is that our approach based on cascaded language model based information retrieval followed by answer extraction using machine-learning does not decrease  , but remains competitive  , if instead of a news-only corpus like AQUAINT2  , an additional corpus of blog posts BLOG06 is used in a setting where some of the answers occur only in the blogs. Therefore the final gradient λ new a of a document a within the objective function is obtained over all pairs of documents that a participates in for query q: In general  , for our purposes 2   , it is sufficient to state that LambdaMART's objective function is based upon the product of two components: i the derivative of a crossentropy that originates from the RankNet learning to rank technique 3 calculated between the scores of two documents a and b  , and ii the absolute change ∆M in an evaluation measure M due to the swapping of documents a and b 4. On the other hand  , " how-to " questions 35 also referred to as " how-to-do-it " questions 10 are the most frequent question type on the popular Question and Answer Q&A site Stack Overflow  , and the answers to these questions have the potential to complement API documentation in terms of concepts  , purpose  , usage scenarios  , and code examples. Some of the most severe obstacles faced by developers learning a new API are related to its documentation 32  , in particular because of scarce information about the API's design  , rationale 31  , usage scenarios  , and code examples 32. In this year's task  , the summary is operationalized by a list of non-redundant  , chronologically ordered tweets that occur before time t. In the ad hoc search  , we apply a learning to rank framework with the help of the official API. Tweet Timeline Generation TTG is a new task for this year's Microblog track with a putative user model as follows: " I have an information need expressed by a query Q at time t and I would like a summary that captures relevant information. " Exploration is forced by initializing the Q function to zero and having a one step cost In order to explore the effect of changing the goal during learning and to assess transfer from one learned task to another  , we changed the one step reward function after trial 100 to Figure 2: Also  , terminating trials when a "goal" is reached artificially simplifies the task if it is non-trivial to maintain the system at the goal  , as it is in the inverted pendulum case where the pendulum must be actively balanced near the goal state. From the last row in Table 6  , we can clearly see that compared with the text-only baseline  , all regularization methods can learn a better weight vector w that captures more accurately the importance of textual features for predicting the true quality on the held-out set. More specifically  , after learning a quality prediction function Q using 10% of the training data  , we apply it to the remaining 90% of the training data  , by multiplying the learned weight vector w with the text feature vectors of the held-out reviews. We set the context window size m to 10 unless otherwise stated. In our experiments  , we use the gensim implementation of skipgram models 2 . The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. After that  , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. Further more  , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. After training stops  , we normalize word embeddings by their L2 norm  , which forces all words to be represented by unit vectors. To represent a specific node in S  , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase  , and average the corresponding vectors 9. For some WordNet nodes  , they consist of multiple phrases  , e.g. , 'book jacket' and 'dust cover'. Specifically  , in this work we employ the SkipGram algo- rithm 25 which learns word embedding in an unsupervised way by optimizing the vector similarity of each word to context words in a small window around its occurrences in a large corpus. We therefore experimented with word clusters that are induced from embedded word vectors. We learned 3 the mapping of 300  , 000 words to a 100-dimension embedded space over a corpus consisting of 7.5 million Web queries  , sampled randomly from a query log. For each query  , traditional query expansion often selects expansion term by co-occurrence statistics. During opinion retrieval task  , we are concerned with semi-automatic query expansion. Section 4 describes query expansion with ontologies. Section 3 describes our keyphrase-based query expansion methods. In Table 2  , Query Expansion indicates whether query expansion is used. Table 2shows the results. To extract features related to query expansion  , we first name the origin query offered by TREC'14 OriginQuery. In this section  , we introduce several semantic expansion features on basis of query expansion and document expansion. Hashtag query expansion with association measure HFB2a. Hashtag-based query expansion HFB1 and HFB2 4. Three methods of query expansion were investigated: plurals and singular expansion; stemming; and synonym expansion. Our final set of experiments investigated query expansion  , that is  , augmenting topics with additional query terms. For the query expansion component  , we adopt twostage PRF query expansion with HS selection strategy. Finally  , we measured the performance of the proposed system that integrates the query expansion component  , document expansion component and temporal re-ranking component . They found that posttranslation query expansion  , i.e. , query expansion on the translated queries  , and the combination-translation query expansion  , i.e. , query expansion on both the original and the translated queries  , are effective in improving CLIR performance. Ballesteros & Croft 3 proposed pre-translation  , post-translation and a combination of post and pre-translation query expansion techniques based on term co-occurrence. The query expansion module employs a wide range of query expansion methods that can not only enrich the query with useful term additions but also identify important query terms. result merging  , reranking  , and query expansion modules. This shows the limitation of the current expansion methods. Both query expansion and document expansion of tiebreaking has the potential to improve the performance  , while document expansion seems more reliable than query expansion for tie-breaking. Additionally  , in Table 4  , we see no marked difference between using query noise reduction with query expansion on the body of the documents only  , and using query noise reduction with query expansion on more document fields. Retraining the query expansion mechanism on the reduced queries could provide fairer grounds for comparing the effect of query noise reduction with query expansion. Query expansion  , such as synonym expansion  , had shown promising results in medical literature search. In our TREC participation  , we used an ensemble approach in query expansion. The expansion terms are extracted from top 100 relevant documents according to the query logs. For the log-based query expansion  , we use 40 expansion terms. We investigate the following query expansion strategies: related terms only  , subsumption only  , full expansion. We refer different combinations of such relations as the query expansion strategy. & %  '   , document expansion is beneficial for both short and terse queries  , but this advantage disappears as the level of query expansion increases. For moderate query expansion e.g.  Which ontological relationships are suitable for automatic query expansion; which for interactive query expansion ? Which ontological query expansion terms are most suitable for which type of query terms concept  , project  , person  , organization queries ? For example  , based on the CNF query in Section 2.2  , the diagnosis method is given the keyword query sales tobacco children. these expansion terms for each selected query term  , the diagnostic expansion system forms an expansion query and does retrieval. Finally  , we propose a novel selective query expansion mechanism which helps in deciding whether to apply query expansion for a given query. Moreover  , we develop a refined query expansion mechanism that uses the fields. Query expansion. We adopt three query expansion methods. Query expansion aims to add a certain number of query-relevant terms to the original query  , in order to improve retrieval effectiveness. Although the effect from adding more expansion terms to a query term diminishes  , for the query terms that do need expansion  , the effects of the expansion terms are typically additive  , the more the expansion the better the performance. The unstructured bag of word expansion typically needs balanced expansion of most query terms to achieve a reliable performance. Query Expansion. This task is accomplished by mean of three submodules: Query Expansion  , Inverted Index and Ranking Model. In this paper  , we are concerned with automatic query expansion. Query expansion can be performed either manually or automatically.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization.  Query execution. Automatic query expansion approaches AQE have been the focus of research efforts for many years. The query expansion method which uses implicit expansion concept is referred to as IEC. In all the comparisons  , our query expansion method which uses explicit expansion concept is denoted as EEC. The composite effects of query expansion and query length suggest that WebX should be applied to short queries  , which contain less noise that can be exaggerated by Web expansion  , and non-WebX should be applied to longer queries  , which contain more information that query expansion methods can leverage. With query expansion  , however  , query length has opposite effect on WebX and non-WebX methods. term overlap between query and tweet is relatively small  , different semantic expansion techniques can be leveraged to improve the retrieval performance. 2 Performance improvement over the no expansion baseline is significant even when only including one expansion term for one query term. 1 Including more expansion terms always improves performance  , even when only one original query term is selected for expansion. They made use of only individual terms for query expansion whereas we utilize keyphrases for query expansion. 15  incorporated term cooccurrences to estimate word correlation for refining the set of documents used in query expansion. For query expansion  , we made use of the external documents linked by the URLs in the initial search results for query expansion. Overall  , we designed our pipeline to combine query expansion and result re-ranking. Parameterized query expansion generalizes and unifies several of the current state-of-the-art concept weighting and query expansion approaches. In this paper  , we introduced a novel framework for query expansion with parameterized concept weighting. Our automatic query expansion included such techniques as noun phrase extraction  , acronym expansion  , synonym identification  , definition term extraction  , keyword extraction by overlapping sliding window  , and Web query expansion. Thus  , our first-tier solution was to devise a wide range of query expansion methods that can not only enrich the query with useful term additions but also identify important query terms. Two types of expansions are obtained: concept expansion and term expansion. Query expansion is another technique in the retrieval component. The query expansion methodology follows that query expansion is applied or not respectively. The run InexpC2QE applies In expC2 and a query expansion methodology for all the queries. For query expansion  , besides the commonly used PRF  , we also made use of the search result from Google for query expansion. We also applied and evaluated advanced search options. The search engine can be activated in different modes applying three different search types  , namely  , Automatic Query Expansion auto  , Interactive Query Expansion semi  , and a regular search without query expansion none. Our third baseline is obtained by performing federated retrieval without query expansion BSNE. The first oracle baseline BONE is without query expansion and the second oracle baseline BOQE is with query expansion. Without query expansion  , the difference between short and long queries is 0.0669. First  , query expansion seems to neutralize the effect of query length. Therefore  , by performing query expansion using the MRF model  , we are able to study the dynamics between term dependence and query expansion. Previous query expansion techniques are based on bag of words models. As expected  , query expansion is more useful for short queries  , and less useful for long queries. Query expansion improves performance for all query lengths. Without query expansion  , longer queries usually outperform the shorter queries Figure 7. The effect of query expansion is influenced by the query length. Furthermore  , the investigator himself may intervene and edit the query directly. This component may also incorporate other query expansion strategies  , such as knowledge-based query expansion . Parameterized query expansion provides a flexible framework for modeling the importance of both explicit and latent query concepts. First  , we describe a novel parameterized query expansion model. We first classify each query into different categories. In our experiments with R = 100  , on average WIKI. LINK only considered approximately 200 phrases for query expansion per query  , whereas using the top 10 documents from Wikipedia in PRF. WIKI considered approximately 9000 terms. Because WIKI. LINK focuses only anchor phrases  , this query expansion technique considers many fewer  , but potentially higher quality  , expansion terms and phrases than other query expansion methods. al 29 considered acronym expansion. al 10 explored query expansion  , while Zhang et. External sources for expansion terms  , i.e. Query expansion still offers potential for improvements. The increase in performance without query expansion is substantial  , however  , the difference remains small after query expansion. For the runs  , mon0  , mon3  , mon4  , and BKYMON  , 20 words were selected from the top-ranked 10 documents for query expansion; and for the runs  , mon1 and mon2  , 40 trigrams were selected from the top-ranked 10 documents for query expansion. Ruthven 25 used a range of query expansion terms from 1 to 15  , and found that providing the system with more query expansion terms did not necessarily improve retrieval performance. In a study of simulated interactive query expansion  , Ruthven 25 demonstrated that users are less likely than systems to select effective terms for query expansion. In addition to the official numbers obtained with query expansion using both BRF and PBRF  , the results for the 3 other configurations no query expansion  , query expansion with BRF and query expansion with PBRF are also provided. Table 3summarizes the results of the LIMSI IR system for the R1  , S1  , and cross-recognizer conditions . In monolingual IR  , Sparck Jones 21 proposed a query expansion technique which adds terms obtained from term clusters built based on co-occurrences of terms in the document collection. External expansion on a cleaner e.g. Therefore query expansion can help to increase performance. In the two short query results  , nttd8me is query expanded and nttd8m has no query expansion. In the three long query results  , nttd8le is query expanded  , nttd8l has no query expansion and nttd8lx is a hybrid of nttd8l and nttd8le. In contrast to the Global method  , our first expansion strategy performs server-specific query expansion. Local. This technique may be of independent interest for other applications of query expansion. To produce rich query representation we introduce a new query expansion technique  , based on traversal of the query recommendation tree rooted at the query. Query noise reduction reduces query length from 47.22% to 63.69%  , tion  , marked †. In addition  , other dictionaries were built to perform query expansion. By via of UMLS Metathesaurus  , the diseases' synonyms were found and used for query expansion. The query types and expansion term categories are as follow. In our experiments  , the expansion terms are selected according to the query types. 3  , uses query-expansion the favor recent tweets. The recency-based query-expansion approach Section 3.2  , which is a slight modification of the approach from Massoudi et al. These previous studies suggested that query expansion based on term co-occurrences is unlikely to significantly improve performance 18. 24  studied query expansion based on classical probabilistic model. Excessive document expansion impairs performance as well. According to Figure 3g  , without any query expansion but simply compared with query Q  , the performance is far from optimistic. Query expansion is one method to solve the above prob- lem 4  , 5 . Typically  , previous research has found that interactive query expansion i.e. , asking humans to pick expansion terms does not improve average performance. Although improving upon the average performance of automated query expansion may be difficult  , we hypothesized that using human intelligence to detect incongruous individual or collective choices of expansion terms  , thus helping to avoid the worst expansion failures  , would improve the robustness of query expansion. Besides thesaurus based QE described in section 1 and 2  , we proposed a new statistical expansion approach called local co-occurrence based query expansion  , shown in section 3. Therefore proper query expansion QE technology is necessary and helpful. We show how simulations may help in the section below. For topic 78  , query expansion also reduces the variation due to restatement but the two expansion systems do this differently. For topic 100  , query expansion reduces the variation due to restatement of the topic as one would hope. Our results show that query expansion on Title and Description fields with appropriate weighting can yield better performance. Different query expansion methods have been evaluated for topic retrieval. In their approach  , only terms present in the summarized documents are considered for query expansion. Lam-Adesina and Jones 12 applied document summarization to query expansion. Table 6shows the results for five query expansion iterations. We also explored the effect of a sequence of query expansion iterations. Section 3 provides the details of our relation based query expansion technique. In the next Section  , we review related work on various query expansion techniques. Since majority of the queries were short  , a query expansion module had to be designed. Another area we concentrated on was query expansion . Furthermore  , terms are added even if a query expansion does not give good expansion terms. This approach introduces more noise  , but guarantees that every query will be expanded. Assuming 2 seconds per query  , on average  , this translates into approximately 200 KB per hour for the LCA expansion. The LCA expansion requires one query per sentence. The collection dependent expansion strategy adds a fixed number of terms to each query within a test collection. Query dependent expansion. Second  , English query expansion adds more than Chinese; apparently the benefit of a far larger corpus outweighs translation ambiguity. After query expansion  , it is reduced to 0.017. The temporal query-expansion approach also outperformed the recencybased query-expansion approach UNCRQE. This provides modest evidence that exploiting temporal information can improve performance. We used word co-occurrence measure of Z-score to select the query expansion terms. The documents which contained sentences chosen by users were used for query expansion. More specifically  , we are concerned with query expansion in service to hashtag retrieval. This poster explicitly treats only the last item: query expansion. However  , ontologies enable also other relations to be used in query expansion. Query expansion on document surrogates has a better retrieval performance in terms of Top10 AP than query expansion on the raw documents. The three methods were synonym expansion  , relation expansion  , and predication expansion. Query expansion: In this study we experimented with three expansion methods plus an ensemble method that incorporated the results of the other three. Comparing the query expansion and document expansion for the tie-breaking  , the query expansion is even worse. However  , the results of the proposed methods on this year's track are not as good as they are on the training sets. Our recency-based query-expansion approach is a slight modification of the query-expansion method described in Massoudi et al. Candidate expansion term w is scored according to scorew , LCE is a robust query expansion model that provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies in query expansion. Another retrieval model we explored this year is the latent concept expansion model LCE 18. We then use term proximity information to calculate reliable importance weights for the expansion concepts. We extract expansion concepts specific to each query from this lexicon for query expansion. The first concerns which index files to use for the expansion  , and the second how to weight the query terms after the expansion stage. The implementation of query expansion used for TREC-9 differs from this in two main ways. A more recent study by Navigli and Velardi examined the use of expansion terms derived from WordNet 10  , coming to the conclusion that the use of gloss words for query expansion achieved top scores for the precision@10 measure  , outmatching query expansion by synsets and hyperonyms  , for example. This finding was further reinforced in her follow-up study focusing on the differences between automatic query expansion and interactive query expansion 7. We incorporate a user-driven query expansion function. Using user-driven query expansion  , we help users search images in a focused and efficient manner. We incorporated all of our twitter modules with other necessary modules  , i.e. Query Expansion  Link Crawling: run the query expansion module followed by the link crawling module. We examined query expansion by traditional successful techniques  , i.e. Initially  , Team Three approached their module design with query expansion in mind. First  , LCE provides a mechanism for combining term dependence with query expansion. We also experimented with proper nouns in query expansion. Query Expansion and MEDLINE. Srinivasan P 1996. We think the reasons of the poor performance could be as follow. Most previous query expansion approaches focus on text  , mainly using unigram concepts. Query expansion is a commonly used technique to improve retrieval effectiveness. Figure 8shows the part of the configuration for Topic 78 produced by the systems with query expansion. Topic 78 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. Our system with query expansion using Wikipedia performs better than the one only with description. In Task B  , we have evaluated our system in query expansion stage. Section 5 evaluates five different stemming schemes and two query expansion methods. Section 4 presents our domain-specific and general query expansion approaches.  query broadening: are measures of a term's discriminative power of use when broadening the search query ? is synonymy expansion or morphological variant expansion helpful ? Our work follows this strategy of a query expansion approach using an external collection as a resource of query expansion terms. Word- net 7  , Wikipedia 29 etc. Expansion terms from fully expanded queries are held back from the query to simulate the selective and partial expansion of query terms. Thus  , selective expansion may actually do better than the reported performance from the simulations. For our Web-search-based query expansion  , the timestamp provided with the topics was utilized to simulate the live query expansion from the web described in Section 4. The optimal weight for the expansion queries α was 0.2. The recency-based query-expansion approach described in Section 3.2 scores candidate expansion terms based on their degree of co-occurrence with the original query-terms in recent tweets. Given a temporal binning of top-n results  , the temporal query-expansion approach scores candidate expansion terms according to , The results from including query and document expansion within the SU system on TREC-8 queries are summarised in Table 8and graphically illustrated in Figures 3 and 4. When there is no query expansion  , document expansion increases mean average precision by 25% and 15% relative for short and terse queries respectively. Some groups found that query expansion worked well on this collection  , so we applied the " row expansion " technique described in last year's paper 10. Query expansion techniques such as row expansion may help recall-oriented measures by contributing terms from the top documents which are not automatically generated from the initial query. In order to make the test simpler  , the following simplifications are made: 1 An expansion term is assumed to act on the query independently from other expansion terms; 2 Each expansion term is added into the query with equal weight -the weight w is set at 0.01 or -0.01. The above expression is a simplified form of query expansion with a single term. In concept expansion  , query concepts are recognized  , disambiguated  , if necessary and their synonyms are added. On the other hand  , some of the 2011 papers reported worse results from expansion. Query expansion is another technique in this information retrieval component. As shown in Figure  4  , we could see that first three query expansions which made use of external resources did not increase the performance of system  , compared with original query without any query expansion. In section 2.4  , we describe our four query expansion approaches and the results of different query expansion comparison are present in Figure  4. Query expansion  , in gereral  , does make a positive contribution to the retrieval performance. For query expansion  , we add a narritive term list to query term list and use the average weight of query terms as a threshold. Therefore query expansion may retrieve more documents or provide more evidence upon which to rank the documents than query replacement. Second  , query expansion will usually produce longer queries than query replacement. Table 3depicts the results obtained by the LGD model with and without query removal across three query expansion models on the TRECMed 2011. Utility of combining query removal and query expansion for IR. Be different from the general query expansion  , here the recapitulative concepts were more focused on. Query expansion aims to add a certain number of query-relevant terms to the original query in order to improve retrieval effectiveness. Figure 4shows that for Topic 100  , query expansion is effective in the sense that it reduces the variation in system response due to query-to-query variation. Topic 100 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. For example  , the query expansion technology in the PubMed system will automatically add related MeSH terms to user's query. The thesaurus-based query expansion applies a thesaurus to map controlled vocabularies to user query terms. Our systems have several parameters. We performed the third run in order to compare our query expansion to manual query expansion because including terms in the description as query terms can simulate an effect of manual query expan- sion. Documents are then retrieved based on the expanded query model. The first approach is called as entity-centric query expansion  , in which we integrate the related entities into the original query model to perform query expansion. However  , in this paper we limit the expansion to individual terms. Latent concept expansion can be adopted to include any arbitrary concept type for query expansion. When the manual CNF query doesn't expand the selected query term  , no expansion term will be included in the final query. For example  , results reported in column 2 row 2 selects 1 original query term of the highest idf for expansion  , and a maximum of 1 expansion term is included for the selected query term. Query expansion involves adding new words and phrases to the existing search terms to generate an expanded query. To overcome the above problems  , researchers have focused on using query expansion techniques to help users formulate a better query. Using these sets of expansion terms  , Magennis and Van Rijsbergen simulated a user selecting expansion terms over four iterations of query expansion. However  , as query expansion aims to retrieve this set of documents  , they form the best evidence on the utility of expansion terms. None of the previous work described in the next section systematically investigates the relationship between term reweightirtg and query expansion  , and most results for query expansion using the probabilistic model have been inconclusive. Whereas the vector space model used in the SMART system has an inherent relationship between term reweighing and query expansion  , the probabilistic model has no built-in provision for query expan- si~ although query expansion is known to be important. 4.4  , we tuned the number of concepts k for query expansion using training data. Number of expansion concepts In Sec. However  , this expansion produces a single semantic vector only. Expansion of query vectors is used for instance in 17 ,24. Wikipedia Topic-Entity Expansion Starting from top-15 documents ranked by our system  , we follow two query expansion steps: 1. Our second submission only uses Wikipedia for query expansion . Expansion terms are integrated in our baseline system. In the automatic query expansion mode  , the expansion terms are added directly to each of the original query terms with the Boolean OR operator  , before the query is sent to the Lucene index. Its configuration determines which ontology relationships are used for the generation of query expansion terms. If we only consider this query subset  , mean average precision for the InL2 model is 0.2906 without query expansion  , and with our domainspecific query expansion a MAP of 0.2211  , a relative decrease of -23.9%. For the domain-specific query expansion  , only 36 queries were expanded. For a certain OriginQuery  , we use two strategies to extend it: 1 twitter corpus based query expansion and 2 web-based query expansion. This shows that query expansion is crucial for short queries as it is hard to extract word dependency information from the original query for RBS. Interestingly  , for short queries we find that relation matching without query expansion RBS performs worse than a density based passage ranking with dependency based query expansion DBS+DRQET. In other words  , if we had access to an oracle that always provided us the best sub-query and best expansion set for a query  , we can obtain the indicated upper bound on performance. " Upper Bound " refers to the situation when the best sub-query and best expansion set was used for query reduction and expansion respectively. This approach integrates IQE directly into query formulation  , giving help at a stage in the search when it can positively affect query quality  , and possibly supporting the development of improved expansion strategies by searchers. Real-Time Query Expansion RTQE describes an interface mechanism whereby candidate expansion terms are presented to the searcher as they enter their search query. In both ICTWDSERUN3 and ICTWDSERUN4  , we use google search results as query expansion. In Real-time Adhoc task  , 60 queries are tested and four runs are submitted with different query expansions and different learning-to-rank methods. Tfidf query expansion is used in ICTWDSERUN1  , and concurrency frequency query expansion is used in ICTWDSERUN2. For INQUERY sub-runs  , Arabic query expansion was just like English query expansion  , except the top 10 documents were retrieved from the Arabic corpus  , rather than the English corpus  , and 50 terms  , not 5  , were added to the query. Arabic query expansion was handled in different ways for INQUERY sub-runs and LM sub-runs. This could be due to the fact that we have trained our query expansion mechanism on long queries before noise reduction  , but not on long queries after noise reduction. With query expansion on the body of documents only  , query noise reduction results in slightly worse retrieval performance  , compared to using query expansion without noise removal second part of Table 4  , first row. Table 2also presents the results of query structure experiments. The results of the expansion experiments are presented in Table 1manual selection of expansion keys and Table 2automatic selection of expansion keys  , and organism names as expansion keys. Instead  , our query expansion method includes all expansion concepts in CE. In this strategy  , the expansion terms are not limited to the set of explicit expansion concepts XE which were defined previously. We call this strategy " topic-oriented query expansion " . In the cluster to which the query term concepts of our concern belong  , other terms can be selected as candidates of the query expansion. The resulting query aspects are kept as phrases for subsequent query expansion  , since phrases are reported to improve retrieval results when compared to single-word index- ing 14  , 15. In the following sections we elaborate on our query expansion strategies. We weight query terms at a ratio of 25:1 relative to the expansion terms. We then build a new query  , comprising the terms from the original query  , plus the expansion terms for the selected question type. We were surprised to learn that both query expansion approaches resulted in lower MAP values. As explained in Section 4.1  , the domainspecific query expansion will add  , in mean  , 10 new terms to each query. The parameterized query expansion method proposed in this paper addresses these limitations. In addition  , these supervised techniques take into account only the explicit query concepts and disregard the latent concepts that can be associated with the query via expansion. Thus  , our query expansion was topic-independent. Note that we did not use documents retrieved by a query to be expanded  , as we wanted to develop a query expansion method applicable for any queries. Synonym expansion combines existing information in the query and several external databases to derive lists of words which are similar to the query term. A second feature which we call synonym expansion was applied only to query terms. Moreover  , the " storm-related " - " weather-related " dichotomy also exists for these systems. We see that although the query expansion systems move points associated with some queries  , neither expansion system offers much reduction in the query-to-query scatter. Query expansion can be used to describe the user's information need more precisely e.g. The query expansion techniques 16  endeavour to automatically provide additional information to the query that will help to obtain better search results. Figure 11shows all 120 points in the topic 59 configuration. The purpose of this run was to evaluate the impact of query expansion and query removal on the IR performance. In addition  , we employed the Bo1 model 2 for query expansion. Query expansion methods augment the query with terms that are extracted from interests/context of the user so that more personally relevant results can be retrieved. Two popular techniques are query expansion and results re-ranking. Our expansion procedure worked by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion. If it fails to answer the query it returns the first result returned by Google for that query. Among non-WebX query expansion methods  , Proper Noun Phrases  , Overlapping Sliding Window OSW  , and CF Terms helped retrieval performance for longer queries. After query expansion  , we used Natural Language Toolkit NLTK 3 to remove stop words and to perform stemming. It is obviously that this query expansion operation dramatically enriches the content of query. Definition of IPC classes consists of the explanations regarding each IPC class which can be used to identify the important concepts and subtopics of the query. Such words are more specific and more useful than the words in the original query for collection selection. Query expansion dramatically improves the performance of this query by 124X  , due to the expansion words " pension "   , " retiree "   , " budget "   , " tax "   , etc. Further implicit query expansion is achieved by inference rules  , and exploiting class hierarchies. This can be seen as a form of query expansion  , where the set of instances represent a new set of query terms  , leading to higher recall values.  prisbm: Run with query expansion based on Google query expanding and manually term-weighting. Indri. Moreover  , Query Expansion technology is also employed in this run. method to construct object query. 7  , to the query aspects. It will be of interest to compare between the quality of our suggested technique and the quality of standard query expansion techniques. d We introduce a novel method for query expansion based on the query recommendation tree. We used external medical literature corpus MEDLINE®  as a tagged knowledge source to acquire useful query expansion terms. #weight  1-w #combine original query terms w #combine expansion query terms  The result of the synonym expansion would be added to the former result of query expansion by other means. We select all of the synonyms of each word in the query for each query depending on the part of speech. Synonym expansion can increase the number of words in each query greatly  , depending on the query and the number of synonyms found. Since synonym expansion relied on multiple sources  , duplicates in the enlarged query were removed. The proposed query expansion method based on a PRF model builds on language modeling frameworks a query likelihood model for IR. Then  , we describe the proposed concept-based temporal relevance model for query expansion. The expansion words do not change the underlying information need  , but make the expanded query more suitable for collection selection. We hope that query expansion will add words which are more specific than the words in the original query. The expansion words for this query are " greenhouse "   , " deforestation " and so forth. Other cases where query expansion helps include the query " depletion or destruction of the rain forest affected the worlds weather " . Automatic approaches to query expansion have been studied extensively in information retrieval IR. Query expansion adds terms and possibly reweighs original query terms  , so as to more effectively express the original information need.  Which ontological query expansion terms are most suitable for which type of query terms concept  , project  , person  , organization queries ? Which ontological relationships are most useful as query expansion terms for the field of educational research ? Besides  , the different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. Basically  , we assume that disease terms are helpful for query expansion for all kind of query types. Finally  , we aim to show the utility of combining query removal and query expansion for IR. Then  , we aim to show the effectiveness of three query expansion models Bo1  , Bo2 and KL on the TRECMed 2011 collection. However  , as the number of query terms increases  , the rates of improvement brought about by query expansion become significantly less. Figure 2shows that query expansion can bring more than 30% of improvement for queries with less than three terms. This is done so that all the topically-relevant documents are retrieved. Query Expansion: Before a query is passed to Lucene  , we first use the probabilistic query expansion model 10 to expand it by adding relevant terms. Very few terms were added through the interactive query expansion facility. The searchers tended to use more query terms on the experimental interface than the control system and more terms were added through query expansion. That variations can be generated after the search  , as a suggestion of related queries  , or before the search to offer higher quality coverage results. – Query expansion: The query expansion consists in the generation of variations of the user's query. It is therefore not useful to make an expansion for this query. query. 3 describes query expansion with parameterized concept weights. Then  , Sec. While there has been significant amount of work on automated query expansion and query replacement  , we anticipate these enhancements to be integrated into the search engine. In RuralCafe  , we explicitly avoid the problem of automated query expansion. The online dictionary Wikipedia 2 was utilized to accomplish the expansion. Our expansion procedure works by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion. Query expansion is a wellknown method in IR for improving retrieval performance. To further mitigate the negative effect of mistranslated query terms  , many researchers have employed query expansion techniques. Third  , we may also suggest a third cause for the success of the query expansion methods: the relevance assessments themselves. Our experiment showed that short queries tend to benefit more from query expansion. In this paper  , we also studied the relationship between query lengths and improvements by query expansion. Prioritization For All Queries means that documents containing phrases enclosed in phrase or mandatory operators in the original query or expanded queries are prioritized. An English query is first used to retrieve a set of documents from this collection. We experimented with pre-translation query expansion using the Foreign Broadcasting collections of TREC and used various levels of query expansion. According to our experience in TREC 2009  , TREC 2010 and TREC 2011  , query expansion is effective to improve the result. In diversity task  , we can consider each query expansion as an aspect or sub-topic of the origin query. Long queries use title  , description and narrative. Figure 4. Search Engine with interactive query expansion semi. 3. Incorrect words aaect collection statistics and query expansion. Word pruning. The results are arranged along two dimensions of user effort  , the number of query terms selected for expansion  , and the maximum number of expansion terms to include for a selected query term. Our conservative query expansion hurt us in this environment. Title-only with Query Expansion run Run name: JuruTitQE . 4. Recommending useful entities e.g. as query expansion mechanisms. Figure 8. Search Engine with automatic query expansion auto. Description-only with Query Expansion run Run name: JuruDesQE . 5. We exploit the top-scored entities e.g. Our experiments focused on query expansion techniques using INQUERY. Taking a more detailed look at the effect of certain thesaurus relationships on the effectiveness of query expansion  , Greenberg determined that synonyms and narrower terms are well suited for automatic query expansion  , because they " increased relative recall with a decline in precision that was not statistically significant " 6 . One argument in favour of AQE is that the system has access to more statistical information on the relative utility of expansion terms and can make better a better selection of which terms to add to the user's query. All or some of these expansion terms can be added to the query either by the user – interactive query expansion IQE – or by the retrieval system – automatic query expansion AQE. Automatic query expansion is more desirable in a deployed system  , but the uncertain quality of the expansion terms can confuse the evaluation. Since our focus is on diagnosis  , not query expansion  , one of the most important confounding factors is the quality of the expansion terms  , which we leave out of the evaluation by using a fixed set of high quality expansion terms from manual CNF queries to simulate an expert user doing manual expansion. The experiment results show that The basic tie-breaking framework is more effective than the traditional retrieval method in tweets retrieval. That was in contrary to the results we got using query expansion over 2011 and 2012 topics. We also noticed an interesting observation in query expansion for 2013 topics; results with a low number of expansion tweets were the best  , while increasing the number of expansion tweets resulted in a decrease in P@30 as represented in Figure 2. Tables 1 2 and 3 report the expansion retrieval performance of predicted-Pt | R based and idf based diagnostic expansion  , following the evaluation procedure detailed in Section 4.1. Term expansion is used to find expanded terms that are closely related to the original query terms  , while relation path expansion aims to extract additional relations between query and expanded terms. The two methods are based on the extension of the technique presented in 8 to perform term expansion and relation path expansion. However  , previous query expansion methods have been limited in extracting expansion terms from a subset of documents  , but have not exploited the accumulated information on user interactions. Four experimental configurations are reported: baseline search base  , query expansion using BRF brf  , query expansion with parallel BRF pbrf and query expansion using both BRF and PBRF brf+pbrf. Table 1 gives the results for both cw and mw term weightings for the SDR'99 data set. However  , these two dimensions of flexibility also make automatic formulation of CNF queries computationally challenging  , and makes manual creation of CNF queries tedious. Compared to LSA or bag of word expansion  , CNF queries offer control over what query terms to expand the query term dimension and what expansion terms to use for a query term the expansion dimension. Effective query expansion might depend on the topics of the queries as observed in Table 4. Query expansion for CSIs would be an easier approach to developing CSI-aware search engines  , since query expansion can be installed to on search engines without having to modify their document rankers. This indicates that the chosen features were able to accurately predict the AP for the expanded and unexpanded lists of each query. As follows from Table 7  , for all the three settings of our experiments  , selective query expansion achieved statistically significant improvement in terms of MAP over automatic query expansion using expansion on all queries. These results show that worthwhile improvements are possible from interactive query expansion in the restricted context represented by the Cranfield collection. It is assumed that experienced users of interactive query expansion would be able to reach this level of performance  , The 'experienced user' performance is compared with the performance of inexperienced interactive query expansion users in the same setting. The potential effectiveness  , compared with automatic query expansion  , is measured using a method similar to Harman's but with an improved simulation of good term selections. However  , in the case of RDF and SPARQL  , view expansion is not possible since expansion requires query nesting   , a feature not currently supported by SPARQL. In relational databases  , query rewriting over SQL views is straightforward as it only requires view expansion  , i.e. , the view mentioned in the user SQL query is replaced by its definition . For topic 59  , query expansion does not recognize one equivalence in the query statements  , the equivalence between " storm-related " and " weather-related. " CNF queries ensure precision by specifying a set of concepts that must appear AND  , and improve recall by expanding alternative forms of each concept. For example  , when doing retrieval from closed caption second row i n T able 10  , doing query expansion from print news yields an average precision of 0.5742  , whereas our conservative query expansion yields only 0.5390  , a noticeable drop. This is evident b y the consistently better results from doing query expansion from the print news vs. doing conservative collection enrichment. Moreover  , since we apply query expansion in all our submitted runs  , we also measure the above two correlation measures without query expansion  , in order to check how query expansion affects the effectiveness of our predictors. Furthermore  , in order to better evaluate our predictors  , besides of the Kendall's tau  , we measure the Spearman's correlation of the predictors with average precision. Accordingly   , in future work  , we intend to introduce additional types of concepts into the parameterized query expansion framework   , including multiple-term expansion concepts  , named entities  , and non-adjacent query term pairs. Overall  , our findings demonstrate that the parameterized query expansion is an effective and flexible framework that can seamlessly incorporate multiple concept types. This suggests that our version of query expansion is indeed useful in improving the retrieval effectiveness of the search. Our thesaurus-based query expansion performed very well as compared to using LINC without query expansion  , with an improvement of 44.51% and 31.10% performance improvement over the average precision-at-k  , for date and relevance sorting  , respectively. In general  , QE interacts with query structure: with a large expansion strong query structures seem necessary  , but with a slight or no expansion weak structures perform well. These were also significantly better than performance of any other query structure and expansion combination. It is obvious that high Recall levels can be reached with massive query expansion  , but automatic query expansion tends to deteriorate Precision as well  , so the challenge is to find stemming methods which improve Recall without a significant loss in Precision. The basic method by which different techniques were compared was query expansion. Namely  , our tweet based language model for query expansion still does quite a bit better than our baseline and still appears to give some improvement over the initial query expansion run. Our results would seem to indicate that the language model used for query expansion does matter. We distinguish between the two versions in that one applies further query expansion for only those queries in which people's names occur 4 and the other applies for further query expansion for all queries 5 . After retrieval with the baseline system of section 2.2  , we experiment with two versions of Wikipedia-based query expansion. In CF1 we highlighted the suggested query expansion terms shown in the context of snippets  , and put a checkbox next to each snippet. The hypothesis we investigate by comparing these two clarification forms is whether short contextual environments in the form of snippets around the suggested query expansion terms help users in selecting query expansion terms. In twitter corpus based query expansion  , we first use TREC-API to get the top ranked tweet set. Automatic query expansion AQE occurs when the system selects appropriate terms for use in query expansion and automatically adds these terms to users' queries. Query expansion techniques can assist users with increasing the length of their queries through automatic and interactive techniques. The worst case is the query with Boolean structure with the narrower concepts expansion BOOL/En. It is based on average precision at 10 recall points and shows the worst query structure and expansion combination  , and the best expansion of each query structure type. The improvement over the no expansion baseline becomes significant after expanding two query terms for the idf method  , and after only expanding one query term for predicted Pt | R. Similarly  , including more expansion terms along each column almost always improves retrieval  , except for the idf method in Table 1with only one query term selected for expansion. Our experimental evaluation is divided into three main parts: 1 extracting entity-synonym relationships from Wikipedia  , and improving time of synonyms using the NYT corpus  , 2 query expansion using time-independent synonyms  , and 3 query expansion using time-dependent synonyms. In this section  , we will evaluate our proposed approaches extracting and improving time of synonyms  , and query expansion using time-based synonyms. In this paper  , we introduce the query expansion and ranking methods used by the NICTA team at 2007 Genomics Track. In addition   , the importance of the original query concepts is maintained after query expansion by using a geometric progression to normalize the contributed of the expansion terms. The work presented here extends previous work by investigating the effectiveness of the system and users in suggesting terms for query expansion. Finally  , in a study of term sources for query expansion during user-intermediary retrieval  , Spink 4 found that the most effective query expansion terms came from users. Baseline refers to a querylikelihood QL run using the Indri search engine 24  , while PRF refers to automatic query expansion using PRF 2 . " In order to effectively apply relation-based methods to short or ungrammatical queries  , we use the external resources such as the Web to extract additional terms and relations for query expansion. In this section  , we describe how the gene lexical variants section 2.2 and the domain knowledge section 2.3 are utilized for query expansion and how the query expansion is implemented in the IR model described in section 2.4. As such  , query expansion is critical for improving the performance of IR systems in the biomedical literature . Researchers have also investigated users' ability to select good terms for query expansion 15  , 23  , 25. Under the relation based framework for passage retrieval  , dependency relation based path expansion can further bring about a 17.49% improvement in MRR over fuzzy matching RBS of relation matching without any query expansion. The use of relation path query expansion DRQER under RBS can further improve the MRR score to over 0.554  , which is significantly better than the best reported results in 8 for RBS without query expansion. In practice  , an expansion term may act on the query in dependence with other terms  , and their weights may be different. The acronym-expansion checking function returns true if e is an expansion of a  , and false otherwise. Let a and e be an acronym and a query  , respectively. Section 3 provides an overview of the MRF model and details our proposed latent concept expansion technique. In Section 2 we describe related query expansion approaches. We use this as our baseline text-based expansion model. Relevant expansion terms are extracted and used in combination with the original query the RM3 variant. The initial natural language topic statement is submitted to a standard retrieval engine via a Query Expansion Tool QET interface. The topic expansion interaction proceeds as follows: 1. This shows up in several areas. Our query expansion method is based on the probabilistic models described above. Then the topranked terms can be selected as expansion terms. In TREC 2012 microblog track  , we explore the query expansion and document expansion approaches to tweet retrieval. The results show the approach works well. Automatic query expansion does not increase recall  , but significantly increases precision. Document expansion combined with vector space model improves retrieval results. In addition  , they vary window sizes for matching queries but in our technique window sizes are determined by sentence lengths. For the 2014 TREC clinical track  , our research focuses on query expansion. Keeping this in mind  , the expansion intended in this research would use Metamap  , UMLS Metathesaurus  , and SNOMED-CT to find relevant documents pertaining to the query/topic. As shown by the results  , compared with the results obtained without query expansion see Table 17  , the query expansion does improve retrieval performance  , if an appropriate setting is applied. c = 15.34 for short queries and c = 2.16 for long queries. saw that one of their query expansion methods hurt results for highly relevant tweets while a different method improved results for highly relevant tweets 7. Most reported that query expansion improved their results  , although Louvan et al. Here  , we show how performance varies when the relation matching technique is reinforced by query expansion. State-of-theart QA systems adopt query expansion QE to alleviate such problems 5  , 10  , 8. The first method is heuristic query expansion  , and the second is based on random walks over UMLS. This year We have tested two different methods for query expansion based on DbPedia and UMLS. Table 1 shows the results of different query expansion methods on two TREC training datasets. To compare the performance of different query expansion patterns  , we used the top 1  , 000 tweets returned by API. The words expressing method or protocol such as method  , protocol  , approach  , and technique were collected in a dictionary  , which was used for query expansion in topics 100-109. STIRS was developed such that any given module could be easily turned on or off to allow for multiple combinations of experiments  , i.e. We experimented with using row expansion to indirectly expand the query in 2 of our Main Web Task submissions. In past TRECs  , "query expansion" was considered necessary to produce top results 11. Cengage Learning produces a number of medical reference encyclopedias. Medical reference query expansion was based on the idea that medical encyclopedias may be able to suggest effective expansion terms for a query. Therefore query expansion could be applied to symbols as it was done for keywords. As it is well known in the IR literature  , query expansion helps to address the problem of word ambiguity. Overall  , the two newly proposed models  , as well as the query expansion mechanism on fields are shown to be effective. Therefore  , the selective query expansion mechanism provides a better early precision. When combining the expansion terms with the original query  , the combination weights are 2-fold cross-validated on the test set. more than 3 query terms are selected for expansion. The reason for this is a decrease in the score assigned to documents that include the original query terms but do not include the expansion terms. This expansion results in a loss of precision compared to the original query. For tweet expansion  , we used relevance modelling based approach to expand tweets by topically and temporally similar tweets. For query expansion  , we tried the classical blind relevance feeback to add new topically-similar terms to the query. The central problem of query expansion is how to select expansion terms. A query is expanded using words or phrases with similar meanings to increase the chance of retrieving more relevant documents 14. Figure I visualises the results. None of the three measures exhibit a strong correlation with performance improvement when using this expansion method. These query differences  , however  , do not directly predict whether or not the WIKI. LINK query expansion method will improve retrieval performance. They found one of the query expansion failure reasons is the lack of relevant documents in the local collection. Some studies focus on using an external resource for query expansion. In the lamdarun05  , we extracted important terms from Wikipedia with diagnosis terms and added to query expansion. The suggested diagnosis terms were added to a query expansion in lamdarum04. It might be important to find appropriate combination of terms for query expansion. The results show that the performance of our simple query expansion approach is not as good as the provided baseline. 3. expansion based on all retrieved documents. The expanded query gave 4 times as much weight to the original query as to the expansion terms; this is based on decent results from previous experiments. The parameters were fixed for all the evaluation conditions at: b=0.86; and K=1.2 for the baseline run without query expansion  , and K=1.1 with query expansion. Table 1 . Following the Semantic Web vision 1   , more and more ontologically organized Semantic Web data is currently being produced. Which ontological relationships are suitable for automatic query expansion; which for interactive query expansion ? Examples of systems that employ query expansion include Dynix  , INNOPAC  , Silver Platter  , INSTRUCT and Muscat 8. In the design and development of information retrieval systems  , this learning of new and potentially useful vocabulary from records viewed is called query expansion. In this section we propose and evaluate an approach that makes query expansion practical in a distributed searching environment. Experiments in the previous section confirmed our conjecture concerning the benefit of query expansion in a distributed searching environment. Searches were carried out using all cutoffs between O and 20  , 0 being no query expansion. This was repeated for four iterations of query expansion  , thus retrieving a total of 100 documents for the search. So experienced users' interactive query expansion performance is simulated by the following method: Searches are therefore carried out using every combination of the cut-offs 0 ,3  , 6  , 10  , and 20  , over 4 query expansion iterations. And we picked the top-k documents in one topic and use them to produce the expansion words. We use Bo1 model 11 to get query expansion words. Query expansion comes from two sources and used in different stages. This application of expansion strategy aims to achieve high precision and moderate recall. The temporal query-expansion approach UNCTQE was the best performing across all metrics. The temporal prior approach might have performed better in combination with document expansion. W~ have not been able to achieve any significant improvements over non expansion. Our results on query expansion using the N P L data are disappointing. the expansion dimension. Along the two directions of term diagnosis and expansion  , prior research has focused on identifying synonyms of query terms  , i.e. It is more effective than relevance model weights when expansion is more balanced  , i.e. Fig.4shows an example of our query expansion result. And we selected the top 20 terms as highly relevant expansion terms for the next scoring step. The submitted runs both use different forms of MeSH based query expansion. For both runs the Gene name expansion was applied as described in subsection 3.1. Based on these studies  , we propose a query expansion framework such that the expansion models come from both event type and event related entities. We examined the effectiveness of our different query expansion strategies and tried to find reasonable configuration for each. Therefore  , our final expansion configuration were set as: For the named page queries  , besides linguistic expansion from stemming in the IS ABOUT predicate  , we did not do any query expansion. the "   , " by "  as previously mentioned. For the other two approaches  , we use the same query expansion and document expansion techniques. Next we describe the language model based RTR model in detail. The procedure for our crowdsourced query expansion was as follows. A recent snapshot of English Wikipedia was used as the expansion corpus. In principle there can be miss/false drop effects on expansion sets. Further issues arise with query expansion using terms from documents. The results of this comparison are summarized in Table 6. Pre-translation expansion creates a stronger base for translation and improves precision. Query expansion before or after automatic translation via MRD significantly reduces translation error. We take the top 10 Wikipedia articles  , extract 30 expansion terms and give the expansion query a weight of 0.5. Furthermore  , we apply the 'exact match' strategy. In particular  , we explored query expansion and tweet expansion. For our system  , we applied various techniques to retrieve more relevant tweets. First  , the traditional goal of query expansion has been to improve recall potentially at the expense of precision in a retrieval task. Our motivation for and usage of query expansion greatly differs from this previous work  , however. We proposed an iterative query expansion approach to improve total recall. Query Expansion: The microblog track organizers provided participants with the terms statistics for Tweets13 collection. In post-TREC experiments  , we worked on enhancing the query expansion and temporal re-scoring approaches. This run constitutes our baseline for the runs applying the query expansion methodology. InexpC2QE We also tested the model selection mechanism with the use of a query expansion methodology. The different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. Besides the standard topical query expansion Topic QE  , we also give results of the weighted topical query expansion W. Topic QE. We use oddnumbered topics 800–850 from the Terabyte track for training . It did not show any improvement over the baseline  , and further it was significantly worse than the manual query expansion UMassBlog3. However  , the performance of our query expansion technique UMassBlog4 is somewhat disappointing. The documents are scanned for the expansion terms or term sequences  , and the number of occurrences is counted for every expansion. The remaining expansions are combined into a new disjunctive query element that is added to the original query. Our experiments show that query expansion can hurt robustness seriously while it improves the average precision. We focus on using different retrieval methods and query expansion methods for improving the retrieval effectiveness. The properties used for performing the query expansion can be configured separately for each ontology. To increase the recall of the information retrieval tasks  , ONKI Selector performs query expansion by ontological inference. However   , it is a little surprising that the largest improvement in retrieval performance was found with simplest method of term selection and weighting for query expansion. These results indicate that query expansion with rsui works well for Japanese text.  AQR can additionally " punish " relevant documents that do not include the terms selected for expansion. Thus  , for this query  , query expansion actually results in a significant loss of precision. We hypothesise that if query expansion using the local collection i.e. Furthermore  , it is now accepted that query expansion works only on queries which have a good top-ranked document set returned by the first-pass retrieval 2  , 13. It expands a query issued by a user with additional related terms  , called expansion terms  , so that more relevant documents can be retrieved. Query expansion QE is an effective strategy to address the challenge. In the current implementation  , only noun phrases are considered for phrase recognition and expansion. Phrase recognition and expansion are applied to the most likely syntactic parse obtained for a user query according to the PCFG estimated from the query log. To use this framework for query expansion  , we first choose an expansion graph H that encodes the latent concept structure we are interested in expanding the query using. , E k  using Equation 2. It refers to selectively applying automatic query expansion AQE whenever predicted performance is above a certain threshold . One of the main applications of QPP is selective Query Expansion 1. From the aspect of topic understanding  , the Learning Query Expansion LQE model based on semi-machine learning method is designed. In our system  , query expansion is added automatically to improve the retrieval accuracy. We thus regard the distance of an expansion term to the query term as a measure of relatedness. We assume that an expansion term refer with higher probability to the query terms closer to its position. We then calculate an IPC score based on the expansion concepts in CE. In this strategy  , instead of query expansion  , we first calculate a relevance score based on the original keyword query Q. To this end  , we constructed a domaindependent conceptual lexicon which can be used as an external resource for query expansion. In this paper we introduced a proximity based framework for query expansion which utilizes a conceptual lexicon for patent retrieval. In a series of experiments we highlighted the importance of semantic proximity between query expansion terms and the center of user attention. 3 Often  , query expansion does not literally re-use previously encountered terms but highly related ones  , instead. We first report the results of using query expansion in the collection selection stage only. We expect that using query expansion in both collection selection and retrieval stages will eliminate this problem and further improve retrieval performance. When compared to other query expansion techniques 15  , 24   , our method is attractive because it does not require careful tuning of parameters. From a traditional IR perspective  , our method is a massive query expansion technique. A graph-based query expansion would spread all resources associated with an activated instance which is suited for thesauri. We chose this way of query expansion since it enables better to specify which documents are relevant. The Local query expansion method can be formalized as follows. Since this may affect the quality of the query expansion  , in our experiments we investigate how the size of the samples affects retrieval performance. In the past query-expansion on web-results has been shown to be useful for ad retrieval2. Web-queries and ad-creatives are both very short  , so we hypothesized that query-expansion would be useful. Our results are supported in these Proceedings by Pirkola 23 . But the interactive query expansion users are not then involved in their own tasks. To allow direct comparison with the retrieval performance of automatic query expansion the same documents  , topics  , and relevance judgments have to be used. All terms ranked at or above a given cut-off were used for query expansion and another 20 documents were retrieved. We will consider this in future work  , our intention here is to investigate the general applicability of query expansion. We also do not differentiate between queries although the success of query expansion can vary greatly across queries. This is also supported by the result that a topic-independent query expansion failed to improve search performances for some of the CSIs. We used information theoretic query expansion and focused on careful paremeter selection. In addition to testing the eeectiveness of the term weighting framework  , we were interested in evaluating the utility of query expansion on the WT10g collection. We quickly switched to Google for query expansion and found that  , on average  , the top four results produced the most pertinent pages. This discovery illustrated the power of using Google search results for query expansion. A retrieved document can be either relevant or irrelevant wrt. We compared the results of top-k retrieved documents of each query without synonym expansion  , and those of the same query with synonym expansion. Considering the measures of relevance precision and precision at 10 documents  , it can be observed from Figure 9that FVS outperforms all other query expansion methods. For the query expansion experiments  , the Terrier 27 software was used. The only method we tested that did not use query-expansion UNCTP performed significantly worse than the others. First  , given that tweets are text-impoverished  , query-expansion seems to be important. We found that query expansion helped the performance of the baseline increase greatly. We then added query expansion  , internal structure  , document authority  , and multiple windows to the baseline  , respectively. Query expansion is a technology to match additional documents by expanding the original search query. In our method  , the diversity of topics was represented by the weight of expansion words. The question " What are the proper query expansion techniques for our framework ? " Query expansion has been shown to be very important in improving retrieval effectiveness in medical systems 6. These expansion terms were also structured and assigned with a weight that was one third of the original term to avoid query drift. We tentatively handled the query expansion by applying DM built in the step of indexing by Yatata. Most of teams in last year took the step of query expansion in their system. However  , most query expansion methods only introduce new terms and cannot be directly applied to relation matching. Therefore we need to introduce additional contextual information for these short questions through query expansion. Starting from top-15 documents ranked by our system  , we follow two query expansion steps: 1. In order to improve the retrieval recall we decided to set up a full automatic query expansion module. In this paper  , we present a novel unsupervised query expansion technique that utilizes keyphrases and Part of Speech POS phrase categorization. However  , there are mixed results using ontologies such as WordNet and MeSH for the query expansion task. Among the various approaches  , automatic query expansion by using plain co-occurrence data is the simplest method. Experiments with semiautomatic query expansion  , however  , do not result in significant improvement of the retrieval effectiveness &m 92. The effect of expansion on the top retrieved documents depends on ho~v good the expansion is. Five of the nine retrieval methods used in the Query Track expand the query substantially either implicitly or explicitly . Automatic query expansion technique has been widely used in IR. Different from the above work  , we investigate the capability of social annotations in improving the retrieval performance as a promising resource for query expansion. Therefore   , the performance of query expansion can be improved by using a large external collection. P θ is the original query model as described in section 2  , e is the expansion term under consideration  , and w is its weight. Therefore  , we consider the following additional features: -co-occurrences of the expansion term with the original query terms; -proximity of the expansion terms to the query terms. As we mentioned  , these features are insufficient. An expanded query is formulated for each server using the documents sampled from that server. We hasten to point out that our methods are not committed to a specific query expansion approach. In Section 4.1 we provide the details of the query expansion method used for experiments. For instance  , Beaulieu 3 reported that both the explicit and implicit use of a thesaurus using interactive or automatic query expansion respectively can be beneficial. Previous research in thesaurus-based query formulation and expansion has shown promising results. However  , it is necessary to add semantics to symbols so that they can be employed in a query expansion technique. Moreover  , the selective query expansion mechanism increases the early precision performance of the system. With some settings  , we outperform our best submitted runs. According to the results in Tables 3 and 4  , the query expansion mechanism on fields is shown to be robust with various query expansion settings. This is close to the figures obtained by relation matching methods without query expansion as listed in Table 1. Specifically  , query expansion reduces the percentage of incorrect answers from 33% to 28.4%. In our ongoing experiments we are investigating both of these techniques  , however the experiments described here focus only on query expansion. Relevance information may be used either for query expansion or term reweighting. At this stage  , we tried out expansion of Boolean Indri queries. Using this technique  , we applied query expansion based on the relevance information received hitherto. The parallel collection is larger and more reliable than the test collection and should provide better expansion information  , both for terms and weights. First we consider query expansion. Figures 3 and 4 summarize the results. Therefore  , we believe that full expansion with mild query expansion leads to best overall performance. The fundamental similarity between HCQF and automatic query expansion techniques is not hard to be discerned. Also  , more refined query expansion techniques can be incorporated into HCQF to creating more suitable pseudo classes. So  , our query expansion was neither completely helpful nor completely harmful to Passage MAP. We discovered that query expansion increased Passage MAP for 11 topics and decreased Passage MAP for 9 topics. For the query expansion  , we use the top 5 most frequent terms of the summary already produced. After having selected the first sentence of the summary  , we use query expansion for the rest of the blocks. The details will be presented in Section 4. RQ4: How does query expansion based on user-selected phrases affect retrieval performance ? The research questions explored here were: RQ3: Do noun phrases provide sufficient context for the user to select potentially useful terms for query expansion ? In the rest of the experiments  , we always take query expansion into account in our suggestion ranking models. This experiment shows the value of using query expansion in retrieving relevant suggestion candidates. The effectiveness of our query feature expansion is compared with state-of-the-art word-based retrieval and expansion models. For ClueWeb12 we also report an official baseline using Indri's query likelihood model Indri-QL. We found that query expansion techniques  , such as acronym expansion  , while improving 1-concept query retrieval performance  , have little effect on multiconcept queries. Best retrieval performance is obtained for simple 1-concept queries. This indicates that even without considering language constructs in the question  , relation based query expansion can still perform better than cooccurrence based query expansion. We observe a 16.7% of improvement in MRR by comparing DBS+DRQET with DBS+LCA. A potential problem with query expansion is topic drift and the inclusion of non-informative terms from highly ranked documents. For each topic we show the original query and the selected expansion terms. We used a baseline  , which uses a single fixed window without considering query expansion  , internal structure  , and document authority. It also allows introduction of expansion terms that are related to the query as a whole  , even if their relationship to any specific original query term is tenuous. This form of expansion is simple to manage and effective. By using this methodology  , the most commonly occurring words and phrases after eliminating stop words were utilized for query expansion terms. All query terms are expanded by their lexical affinities as extracted from the expanding Web page 3. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. Unbiased query expansion improves " aspect recall " by bringing in more " rare " relevant documents  , that are not identified by the standard query-biased expansion methods that we consider. Incidentally  , we start the discussion regarding related work with publication that had to do with query expansion. However  , most related researches available make use of query expansion  , and therefore  , that method was of interest to our team as well. Based on these results query expansion was left out of the TREC-9 question-answering system. We experimented with query expansion for first stage retrieval but experienced a slight drop in the results. We propose a new query expansion mechanism  , which appropriately uses the various document fields available. Therefore  , this year  , we aim to have a refined query expansion by using more fine grained data. The query expansion mechanism refines the DFR term weighting models by a uniform combination of evidence from the three fields. We develop a new query expansion mechanism based on fields. Our explanation is that the selective query expansion mechanism refines the top-ranked documents  , while it introduces noise to the rest of the returned documents. Using query expansion is a popular method used in information retrieval. An example query and its expansion would be: " Tiger Woods PGA win " => " Tiger Woods PGA win golf tournament Masters victory. " This helps to prune documents with low number of query and/or expansion terms. In addition  , only those documents that have at least c query + expansion terms in them where chosen. As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts. The resulting top concepts were converted to terms as in query expansion with UMLS Metathesaurus. When compared to the relevance models retrieval RM doc   , which effectively performs query expansion  , the relatedtext is on par or only slightly better. The related-text significantly improves the results of retrieval methods that do not perform query expansion. Such exhaustive exploration of the sub-query space is infeasible in an operational environment. Similarly  , for query expansion  , we need to analyze all 2 n combinations of expansion terms from the n suggested by PRF. Based on a word-statistical retrieval system  , 11 used definitions and different types of thesaurus relationships for query expansion and a deteriorated performance was reported. 111 assessed query expansion using the UMLS Metathesaurus. It is interesting to note that effediveness continues to increase with the number of query expansion terms. TaMe 5tabulates results as we vary the number of terms t used for query expansion.  Presenting a proximity-based method for estimating the probability that a specific query expansion term is relevant to the query term. Presenting an approach to construct a domain-dependent lexicon for identifying expansion concepts. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. We refer to this set as XE. These weights are then used to re-rank documents in the list R. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. In this paper we examined the potential effectiveness of interactive query expansion. This also shows that personalized re-ranking of results and query expansion with concept lens label work well. Combined lenses re-ranking with results re-ranking or query expansion improve lenses re-ranking performance. Combining either of these two expansion methods with query translation augmented by phrasal translation and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance above 90% monolingual. Post-translation expansion and combining pre-and post-translation expansion enhance both recall and precision. We also experimented with several approaches to query and document expansion using UMLS. More intelligently targeted expansion   , such as expansion limited to specific concept categories  , would likely have been more successful. We set the description field as the expansion field  , and we also select 10 documents in the first retrieval results as the expansion source. Besides  , Query Expansion technology is adopted in this run. It seems that current document expansion approach is still far from a perfect solution to tweet document modeling. Query expansion is a commonly used technique in search engines  , where the user input is usually vague. The key idea is to view the computation of Prt | Q as a query expansion problem. In this paper  , we present a query expansion technique that improves individual search by utilizing contextual information. Our preliminary study shows that precision and recall of the system improve after integrating the new query expansion module. In order to increase the recall of the set of retrieved passages  , we have experimented with three different query expansion techniques. We compare the results obtained with the different query expansion techniques and their combinations in the Results section. Simply by adding one distinctive term to perform query expansion is not enough to find all relevant documents. The reason could be that we didn't find appropriate combination distinctive terms for query expansion. For query expansion purposes  , we use a technique that generalizes Lavrenko's relevance models 4 to work with the useful term proximity features described in the previous section. We also found query expansion to be another valuable strategy. BBN9MONO BBN9XLA BBN9XLB BBN9XLC 0.2888 0.3401 0.3326 0.3099 Table 3shows the impact of query expansion on cross-lingual retrieval performance. The results demonstrate that query expansion BBN9XLA and BBN9XLB improves retrieval performance  , consistent with previous studies Ballesteros and Croft  , 1997. Table 2shows the effect of β-value on the performance of query expansion. Table 2   , we list the retrieval performance of query expansion using different β-values of 0.01  , 0.03  , 0.05 and 0.1.  Which ontological relationships are most useful as query expansion terms for the field of educational research ? Furthermore  , the following more-detailed research questions are addressed:  Can ontologies generate added value in query expansion mechanisms  , as compared to thesauri ? In the second step  , a prototypical retrieval system based on Lucene 6 is implemented   , incorporating both an automatic and an interactive mode for query expansion. Based on our experience  , topic words often exist for an information need. If query expansion is based on the whole query " the White House "   , we will find expansion words such as " Clinton " and " president " . The main contribution of this paper is devising a method for predicting whether expansion using noun phrases will improve the retrieval effectiveness of a query. To achieve consistent improvement in all queries we worked in a selective query expansion framework. Our work goes beyond this work by dropping the assumption that query and expansion terms are dependent. " Yan and Hauptmann 25  explore query expansion in the setting of multimedia retrieval. Bhatia has adopted the latest idea to provide personalized query expansion based on a user profile represented by a dependence tree 3. van Rijsbergen suggests the use of the constructed dependence tree for query expansion. Query expansion can also be based on thesauri. Bhatia has adopted the latest idea to provide personalized query expansion based on a user profile represented by a dependence tree 3. It was always clear that any additional terms obtained by expansion would only be as good as the initial query terms. This leaves the whole question of the effectiveness of query expansion unresolved. As yet no good heuristics for selecting query terms as candidates for expansion have been designed. So it is very interesting to compare the CLQS approach with the conventional query expansion approaches. A related research is to perform query expansion to enhance CLIR 2  , 18. Thus the use of external resources might be necessary for robust query expansion. A good initial retrieval will result in an improvement in query expansion performance but a poor initial retrieval will only make it worse. Figure 1illustrates the general framework for relation based query expansion. In our framework for query expansion  , we adopt a variation of local context method by applying language modeling techniques on relations to select the expanded terms and relation paths. Also  , query expansion in target language recovers the semantics loss by inspecting the rest well-translated terms. Query expansion in source language reserves the room for untranslated terms by including relevant terms in advance. Second  , we describe a novel two-stage optimization technique for parameterized query expansion. As we show  , this framework is a generalization and unification of current state-of-the-art concept weighting 6  , 18  , 31 and query expansion 24  , 15 models. A particular case of query expansion is when search terms are named entities i.e. , name of people  , organizations  , locations  , etc. One way of increasing recall is to perform query expansion. Our results demonstrate that high weight terms are not always necessarily useful for query expansion. This report describes the the query expansion methods that we explored as part of TREC 2008. Thus  , for the following experiments  , we adopted the T+G pattern to perform query expansion. That means  , the words from the two query expansion methods may make up for their shortage of information and improve the performance. It is clear by now that domain-specific query expansion is beneficial for the effectiveness of our document retrieval system. Therefore  , we have conducted some additional experiments in which we have selectively disabled certain parts of the query expansion subsystem. However  , when we apply query expansion to GTT 1  , the MAP decreases  , but the recall increases slightly. When we only apply query expansion in queries of GTT 2  , 3  , 4  , and 5  , our system achieves the best MAP. The second source of information used in query expansion is UMLS Metathesaurus 2. Experiments showed that query expansion by via of gene name dictionary could improve recall rate greatly. The improved results suggest that the expanded terms produced by Google-set are helpful for query expansion. Table 4shows the results for the title only T task using and without using Google-set based query expansion. Many participants did some form of query expansion  , particularly by extracting terms from previously known relevant documents in the routing task. Readers who took part in early TRECs will recall discussions on the issue of selective versus massive" query expansion. A passage importance score is given to each passage unit and extended terms are selected in LCA. Step 3: Query term expansion A method similar to LCA 3 was adopted as a query term expansion technique. Although the exact implementation of their methods differed  , all of the top 5 finishing runs included some form of query expansion 8  , 1  , 6  , 9  , 4. We investigate the effectiveness of query expansion by experiments and the results show that it is promising. However  , query expansion 5 is biased due to topic drift while improving the recall performance. Query expansion runs  , as our baselines  , outperform the median and mean of all 140 submissions. We submitted 10 runs to KBA CCR Track 2013  , including 2 query expansion runs  , 2 classification-based runs and 6 ranking-based runs. We used 25 top-ranked documents retrieved in the UWATbaseTD run for selecting query expansion units. Our main interest in using clarification forms was to evaluate different techniques for selecting MWUs and phrases for interactive query expansion. Web query expansion WebX was the most effective method of all the query expansion methods. As for reranking factors  , CFrelevant documents had the most positive effect  , followed by OSW and CF Terms. 4. jmignore: automatic run using language model with Jelinek-Mercer smoothing  , query expansion  , and full-text search. 3. jmab: automatic run using language model with Jelinek-Mercer smoothing  , query expansion   , and abstracts only. Query expansion was both automatic the top 6 expansion terms were automatically added to the query when the user requested more documents  , and interactive. The complete document could be viewed  , in a separate window  , by clicking on the document title. No use was made of anchor text or any other query-independent additional information for the query expansion run; documents were ranked using only their full text. We therefore did not restrict the selection of expansion terms. We will explain several groups of features below. The best automatic query expansion search for that topic  , using a cut-off of 2  , achieves 51 % precision. Overall  , Harman's method is not particularly good  , achieving a mean precision only just better than the best automatic query expansion search. The lack of improvement by the inexperienced users suggests that interactive query expansion may be difficult to use well. The question of how searchers use  , or could use  , interactive query expansion is therefore an important research topic. In addition to automatic query expansion  , semi-automatic query expansion has also been studied Ekm 92  , Han 92  , Wad 88. However  , this approach does not provide any help for queries without relevance information. In contrast to the approaches presented  , we use a similarity thesaurus Sch 92  as the basis of our query expansion . Thus  , while batch-mode experiments evaluating the effectiveness of automatic query expansion have been favorable  , experiments involving users have had mixed results. The terms that we elicited from users for query expansion improved retrieval performance in all cases. Thus  , there still exists a need for a document-independent source of terms for query expansion.  That any document judged as relevant would have a positive effect on query expansion. That the exclusive use of relevant documents to generate query expansion terms would effect the systems positively. The expansion terms are chosen from the topranked documents retrieved using the initial queries. 2 The impact of query expansion on web retrieval. In this section  , we assess the effect of increasing the number of expansion concepts. This technique provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies during expansion. LCE is a robust query expansion technique based on MRF- IR. 2 reports the enhancement on CLIR by post-translation expansion. This observation has led to the development of cross-lingual query expansion CLQE techniques 2  , 16  , 18. Second  , we investigate the impact of the document expansion using external URLs. We first evaluate the effect of the two-stage PRF query expansion. In the experiments  , to select useful expansion terms  , we use two heterogeneous resources. Automatic query expansion is a widely used technique in IR. In this paper we proposed a robust query expansion technique called latent concept expansion. Future work will look at incorporating document-side dependencies  , as well. In this experiment  , we will only keep the good expansion terms for each query. Models Table 2. The impact of oracle expansion classifier The TREC datasets specified in Table 1were used for experiments. MRFs were also used  , for example  , for query expansion  , passage-based document retrieval  , and weighted concept expansion 27. But different from query expansion  , query suggestion aims to suggest full queries that have been formulated by users so that the query integrity and coherence are preserved in the suggested queries. Query suggestion is closely related to query expansion which extends the original query with new search terms to narrow the scope of the search. The results show that the performance of the expansion on tie-breaking could improve the performance. 2  , we also extend it with two commonly used strategies  , i.e. , query expansion and document expansion. 15  extracted adjacent queries in sessions for query expansion and query substitution   , respectively. 12 and Jones et al. Three things are worth mentioning about the results. looking for the synonyms of the query words. However  , the recency-based approach favors expansion terms from recent tweets and the temporal approach favors expansion terms from relevant busts in the recent or not-so-recent past. Both methods use query expansion. Type-1 terms are non-type-0 terms added to the query during query expansion. and their morphological variants. higher than expansion keys gave middle range results. The unexpanded OSUM query was identical to the unexpanded BOOL query. Internally we use this information to compute a query expansion and translate it into a SPARQL 17 query. after query expansion. Previous results that have combined query-and document-side semantic dependencies have shown mixed results 13  , 27. Query expansion occasionally hurts a query by adding bad terms. The third area is user in- teraction. The results indicate that query expansion based on the expansion corpus can achieve significant improvement over the baselines. The expansion corpus consisted of the WWW  , People and ESW sub-collections of the W3C test collection. However  , two factors directly determine the end performance of diagnostic expansion  , 1 the effectiveness of term diagnosis  , and 2 the benefit from expansion. This work tests the hypothesis that term diagnosis can effectively guide query expansion. While many methods for expansion exist  , their application in FIR is largely unexplored. Ogilvie and Callan have proposed a global approach to query expansion for FIR 15. The most likely k terms according to the relevance model generate the expansion candidates. People have proposed many ways to formulate the query expansion problem. expand the user query with API names. Expansion is followed by query translation. The query is then expanded with the top 5 source terms. The Expand function returns a fuzzy set that results from performing the query followed by query expansion. and 0 otherwise. Following the good results obtained by several groups using Web expansion in previous years  , we upgraded our system to benefit Web expansion using Answers.com search engine. Our next experiment dealt with query expansion based on external resource. To make this baseline strong  , both individual expansion terms and the expansion term set can be weighted. Expansion terms are then grouped and combined with the original query for retrieval. The last three years of Microblog track papers have shown substantial  , consistent  , and significant improvements in retrieval effectiveness from the use of expansion. We therefore tried both query expansion and tweet expansion . Plural and singulars were added using lexical-based heuristics to determine the plural form of a singular term and viceversa . However  , the computational expense and availability of comparable expansion collections should be considered. We strongly recommend the use of pre-translation expansion when dictionary-or corpus-based query translation is performed; in some instances this expansion can treble performance. In this setting we extract proximity information from the documents inside R for computing the importance weights associated with the expansion terms. Table 8we show the percentage of the good expansion terms  , as classified in section 5.3.1  , which were chosen by each subject as being possibly useful for query expansion. For each subject we examine first whether the subjects can detect good expansion terms; whether the subjects can recognise the expansion terms that are likely to be useful in combination with other expansion terms. Three types of query expansion are discussed in literature: manual  , automatic  , and interactive i.e. , semiautomatic  , user-mediated  , or userassisted . In 6 is clarified that query reformulation involves either the restructuring of the original query or by adding new terms  , while query expansion is limited to adding new terms to the original query. Studies of expansion technologies have been performed on three levels: efficient query expansion based on thesaurus and statistics  , replacement-based document expansion  , and term-expansion-related duplication elimination strategy based on overlapping measurement. Accordingly  , expansion-based technologies are the key points. It outperforms bag of word expansion given the same set of high quality expansion terms. We show that CNF expansion leads to more stable retrieval across different levels of expansion  , minimizing problems such as topic drift even with skewed expansion of part of the query. Therefore  , an expansion term which occurs at a position close to many query terms will receive high query relatedness and thus will obtain a higher importance weight. The query relatedness at each expansion term position is then calculated by counting the accumulated query  relatedness density from different query terms at that position . Interactive query expansion is basically the same as the aforementioned term suggestion  , but it appears to have been replaced by query suggestion during the last decade. There are also existing studies on search functionalities that are related to query suggestion but are different: namely  , interactive query expansion 3 and query completion 1  , 14  , 28. The retrieval module produces multiple result sets from using different query formulations. This way  , we can tweak the level of expansion by gradually including more expansion terms from the lists of expansion terms  , and answer how much expansion is needed for optimal performance. The order in which expansion terms are added for a query term is also fixed  , in the same order as they appear in the CNF conjunct. Query expansion may contribute to weight linked shared concepts  , thus improving the document provider's understanding of the query. In order to improve information exchange beyond the " shared part " of the ontologies  , we promote both query expansion at the query initiator's side and query interpretation at the document provider's side. In addition to confirming the main hypothesis  , experiments also showed that Boolean conjunctive normal form CNF expansion outperforms carefully weighted bag of word expansion  , given the same set of high quality expansion terms. The expansion parameters are set to 10 ,80 for all expansion methods  , where 10 is the number of top-retrieval documents and 80 is the number of expansion terms. rmX.qeY10 ,80.run " denotes the retrieval result using retrieval method " rmX " and query expansion method " qeY " see Table 2  , " qe0 " denotes no expansion. The main theme in our participation in this year's HARD track was experimentation with the effect of lexical cohesion on document retrieval. We have experimented with two approaches to the selection of query expansion terms based on lexical cohesion: 1 by selecting query expansion terms that form lexical links between the distinct original query terms in the document section 1.1; and 2 by identifying lexical chains in the document and selecting query expansion terms from the strongest lexical chains section 1.2. We have experimented with two approaches to the selection of query expansion terms based on lexical cohesion: 1 by selecting query expansion terms that form lexical links between the distinct original query terms in the document section 1.1; and 2 by identifying lexical chains in the document and selecting query expansion terms from the strongest lexical chains section 1.2. share a larger number of words than unrelated segments. During our developement work we investigated the impact of various system parameters on the IR results including: the transcriber speed  , the epoch of the texts used for query expansion   , the query expansion term weighting strategy  , the query length  , and the use of non-lexical information. The query expansion procedure of the information retrieval component has been revised and the capability to index nonsegmented audio streams for the unknown story boundaries condition has been added. Terms from the top ten documents were ranked using the same expansion score used in the post-hoc English expansion. After TREC  , we added Arabic query expansion  , performed as follows: retrieve the top 10 documents for the Arabic query  , using LM retrieval if the expanded query would be run in an LM condition  , and using Inquery retrieval if the expanded query would run in an Inquery condition. The parameters used for the TREC-8 experiments were as follows. WordNet synsets are used for query expansion. To form a query  , single-and multi-word units content words are extracted from the parsed query. This serves as our baseline for query expansion. Only Query Q: We performed API search using the initial query Q provided by organizer only. note on efficiency. Similar efficiency considerations for using several query models were described in some recent reports on predicting query performance and on robust query expansion 36  , 3. Effectiveness of query removal for IR. As outlined in Table 4.1  , we used several different query expansions. Researchers have frequently used co-occurring tags to enhance the source query 4  , 5. Another group of work modifies or augments a user's original query  , or query expansion. Section 5 outlines the test data. Query expansion is applied for all the runs. 8: The submitted runs to the Robust track. remains unsolved. Systems return docids for document search. for query expansion  , report improved effectiveness over their baseline systems. Search Engine with interactive query expansion and with advance search options semi+. The sample query is following: Thus  , synonyms are also included in this expansion. 35 proposed a solution for efficient query expansion for advertisement search. al. QEWeb: Query expansion using the web was applied as discussed in pervious section. Type-2 terms are non-type-0 terms in the original query. Second  , query similarity can be used for performing query expansion. First  , the ability to identify similar queries is in the core of any query-recommendation system. For the intersection approach  , the performance is also lower compared to Wikipedia expansion. In addition  , when the query matched exactly with an Wikipedia article and the query contained articles such as 'the'  , we added all the expansion terms obtained by expansion over the Wikipedia corpus. On the training set  , extensions of tiebreaking outperform the basic framework of tie-breaking  , and the performances are comparable with the traditional retrieval method with query expansion and document expansion. From the results  , it is clear that the tie breaking method could out perform the traditional retrieval even apply the query expansion method i.e. , UDInfoMINT. For this set of queries  , it is interesting that the query expansion reduced the gap in cross-lingual performance between short and long queries from 25% relative without expansion to only 5% relative. As expected  , query expansion improved short queries more than long queries. The weight of the expansion terms are set so that their total weight is equal to the total weight of the original query  , thus reducing the effect of concept drift. The number of expansion terms that worked best with the TREC 2011 qrels is 10 expansion terms for each query term. The higher variance of the document expansion run compared to a run without expansion cmuPrfPhr vs. cmuPrf- PhrE also differs from the findings from the 2011 query set  , where document expansion was seen to reduce query performance variance from the baseline and when combined with PRF. A possible cause for this may be the following. It is notable that the subsumption reasoning and indexing strategy actually performs only equally good compared to the baseline approach when no additional query expansion is used. Query expansion increases the accuracy up to 0.16 76% in terms of MAP when full expansion reasoning and indexing strategy is used. Vector representation via query expansion. The two expanded forms now have high cosine similarity. 3 exploit lexical knowledge  , query expansion uses taxonomies e.g. 5 and word sense disambiguation e.g. During this evaluation campaign  , we also proposed a domain-specific query expansion. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS Multiply translations act as the query expansion. These multiple translations usually are exchangeable. Query expansion was applied to just the topic type. This resulted in the icdqe run. Average precision values are given in table 7. Search Engine with automatic query expansion and with advance search options: auto+. Web queries are often short and ambiguous. There are two types of BRF-based query expansion. They are: Recently  , 28 use Wordnet for query expansion and report negative results.  Google∼Web: Google search on the entire Web with query expansion. Wikipedia. Semantic annotation of queries using DBpedia. Query expansion using 30 expanded terms within top 20 documents. use Wikipedia for query expansion more directly. In 8   , Li et al.  Automatic building of terminological hierarchies. Query expansion with phrases suggested by the system 1. First  , we propose a specific query expansion method. In this context  , our contributions are the following. the original query. Performance improves in TRIP in tight expansion w.r.t. A query is optimal if it ranks all relevant documents on top of those non-relevant. The main goal of query expansion is to optimize a query. Using query expansion method  , recall has been greatly improved. Thus we expand the test query  , and then use the expended query on the matching method. Proper nouns in a query are important than any other query terms for they seem to carry more information. We would like the user to control what terms to be ultimately used to expand his/her query. More specifically  , we enumerated all queries that could be expanded from the considered query. For each query  , we checked whether it might be an expansion of another query. Compared to the baseline without query expansion  , all expansion techniques significantly improved the result quality in terms of precision@10 and MAP. A fixed expansion technique using only synonyms and first-order hyponyms of noun-phrases from titles and descriptions already produced fairly highdimensional queries  , with up to 118 terms many of them marked as phrases; the average query size was 35 terms. We performed some experiments to see how the retrieval performance varied as a function of these two parameters. Two other main parameters of automatic query expansion systems are the number of pseudo-relevant documents used to collect expansion terms and the number of terms selected for query expansion. Differences in resource quality may account for disagreeing reports on the effectiveness of query expansion in cross-language retrieval. Expansion terms extracted from these external resources are often general terms. Previous work 15  , 9 which uses external resources for query expansion did not take into account proximity information between query terms and related expansion concepts to form high quality expansions. Note that PPRF and PRF does not achieve improvement over the baseline  , but a fair comparison is to compare the retrieval effectiveness after query expansion with the retrieval effectiveness before query expansion. This result confirms the usefulness of proximity information for identifying importance weights for expansion terms as previously was shown in 13. Inspired by work on combining multiple  , mainly booleanbased   , query representations 3  , we propose a new approach Thus  , recent research on improving the robustness of expansion methods has focused on either predicting whether a given expansion will be more effective for retrieval than the original query 2  , 7  , or on improving the performance robustness of specific expansion methods 10  , 13. Google has patents 15 using query logs to identify possible synonyms for query terms in the context of the query. The purpose of this research is to decide on a query-by-query basis if query expansion should be used. A specific search engine. Query expansion is a method for semantic disambiguation on query issuing phase. A query usually provides only a very restricted means to represent the user's intention. the time needed for its evaluation  , becomes larger. A critical aspect with query expansion is that  , as more terms are added into the query  , the query traffic  , i.e. Extract a set of query words from the question  , and apply semantic expansion to them. How can query expansion be appropriately performed for this task ? Smeaton et al. The procedure works as follows: We performed query expansion experiments on ad hoc retrieval. It actually provided correct answers for some short queries. Query expansion had an additional  , positive  , impact. This paper is organized as follows. Section 3 describes the document and query expansion model. Finally  , the user interacts with the results. for query expansion and results re-ranking. The USC of Suffixing to Produce Term Variants for Query Expansion Window 2 3. This paper has three primary contributions. Techniques for efficient query expansion. 2 Billerbeck  , B. and J. Zobel 2004. 28 use Wordnet for query expansion and report negative results. Voorhees et al. For the document expansion component  , we employ both LocCtxt document model and ExRes document model based on the observation that the two document models behave differently on different topic sets. All our official runs were evaluated by trec eval as they were baselines  , because we updated the final ranks but not the final topical-opinion scores. Furthermore  , the content-only score is obtained applying the query expansion technique we used a parameter free model of query expansion with 3 top ranked documents and 20 expansion terms. 4 Query expansion vs. none for Essie  , rather than completely avoiding query expansion that could be achieved by requiring exact string match  , we chose term expansion that allows term normalization to the base form in the Specialist Lexicon and might be viewed as an equivalent to stemming in Lucene. 3 Using the original topics vs. the topic frames. These diagnostic expansion queries are partial expansions simulated using the fully expanded queries created by real users. If the evaluation system selects two query terms sales and children for expansion  , with a maximum of one expansion term each  , the final query would be sales OR sell AND tobacco AND children OR child. Thus  , the expansion independence assumption of Section 4.1 is more likely to be violated by the ISJ queries than by the Legal ones. For example  , in order to discover the expansion term of a query term  , one may need to expand another query term first  , to bring up a result document that contains the expansion term. All such topics where a query term without expansion terms is selected are annotated with diamond shaped borders in the plot. By looking into these three topics  , we found that the manual queries for topics 76 and 86 do not have any expansion terms for the query terms selected by Pt | R  , while the idf selected terms do have effective expansion terms. Wrong expansion terms are avoided by designing a weighting term method in which the weight o f expansion terms not only depends on all query terms  , but also on similarity measures in all types of thesaurus. The underlying idea is that each t ype of thesaurus has dierent c haracteristics and therefore their combination can provide a valuable resource for query expansion. Expansion features express if the losing information from an untranslated term can be recovered by the semantics from the rest of terms with query expansion. In a simulated study carried out in 18  , the author compares the retrieval performance of interactive query expansion and automatic query expansion with a simulated study  , and suggests that the potential benefits of the former can be hard to achieve. However  , in some other cases there is no significant benefit3  , 14  , even if the user likes interacting with expansion terms. Query expansion has a significant overall effect and  , in addition to reasoning  , is an important factor affecting the accuracy of the retrieval. Multilingual Query Expansion: Medical care is a multicultural and multilingual environment. Also query expansion may use only terms from recent documents in relatively dynamic collections. not diverse. 1 indicates that VSM with query expansion is obviously the worst method. It remains unchanged. Given these assumptions  , computing relevance requires the following steps : Query Expansion. 25 proposed a heap-based method for query expansion. Theobald et al. investigation. $5.00 through query expansion by using a grammatically-based automatically constructed thesaurus. Two different approaches are compared. Our experiments are discussed in Section 4. The 2011 query expansion modules were also reused. We also experimented with using these selected terms for query expansion. Section 5 explains the experimental results for our run. Section 4 describes query expansion. Section 4 is the result discussion. Section 3 describes query expansion and retrieval. We further apply query expansion for multilingual representations . The procedure is as follows: In a real interactive situation users may be shown more terms than this. This is a standard method of assessing the performance of a query expansion technique based on relevance information  , 3 We only use the top 15 expansion terms for query expansion as this is a computationally intensive method of creating possible queries. The † and ‡ symbols indicate that the achieved improvement of SQEEX−RM over the expanded and unexpanded lists  , EX-RM-NP2 and EX-RM  , is statistically significant at p<0.01. Controlling to include only the first few expansion terms of a query term simulates and measures a user's expansion effort for that query term. A downside of this simulation is that we do not know exactly how much time and effort the user has spent on each expansion term. As 1 mentioned  , collection enrichment is a good strategy to improve the retrieval performances of difficult topics. no query expansion is applied  , " rmX.qeYn ,k.run " is the run ID of the retrieval result using query expansion method Y see Table 2  , with expansion parameters being n ,k. Last  , we want to point out the UDInfoMB is a strong baseline to beat as it involve both the query expansion and document expansion at the same time  , while the tie breaking method only utilize one of these two. For synonym identification  , we integrated a sense disambiguation module into WIDIT's synset identification module so that best synonym set can be selected according to the term context. Given a query  , a large number of candidate expansion terms words or phrases will be chosen to convey users' information needs. In this paper  , we propose a novel query expansion method based on social annotations which are used as the resource of expansion terms. Since the performance of these methods is directly determined by the effectiveness of the kernel function used to estimate the propagated query relatedness probabilities for the expansion concepts  , we first need to compare three different proximity-based kernel functions to see which one performs the best. If words are added to a query using relevant documents retrieved from a database of automatically transcribed audio   , then there is the danger that the query expansion may include recognition errors 14 . Query expansion addresses this problem by adding to the query extra terms with a similar meaning or some other statistical relation to the set of relevant documents. For the Prior Art task  , we use term frequency method  , tf/idf method to generate our query  , and also employ the retrieval model used in TS task to execute our experiments. For the Technology Survey task  , we use phrase expansion method and query expansion method to generate our query  , and use Query-likelihood model  , DFR model and D-smoothing method to do retrieve. This additional level of indirection results in a more diverse set of expansion terms  , although it may also result in noisy or spurious expansion features  , as well. Second  , rather than expanding using documents directly query → documents → expanded query  , we expand using the search results of related queries query → related queries → documents → expanded query. In particular  , we will be able to find out what queries have been used to retrieve what documents  , and from that  , to extract strong relationships between query terms and document terms and to use them in query expansion. This result was ANDed with a query expansion of a "gene and experiment" query synonyms of the word gene and experiment also appear in this query. The top 100 of these documents were then used for query expansion and then intersected with the documents of the test collection. Finally  , we observe that removing noise from the index slightly damages MAP. Information retrieval in biomedical and chemistry domains is challenging due to the presence of diverse denominations of concepts in the literature. From the query and retrieval point of view  , different query formulation strategies such as the manual query expansion and automatic query expansion also referred as semantic search have been systematically performed and evaluated. Pre-selected biomedical concepts appearing in the documents were tagged using a dictionary-based named entity recognition technique. In other words  , the original query can be regard as a point in the semantic space  , and the goal of query expansion is to select some additional terms  , which have the closest meaning to the point. The key problem of query expansion is to compute the similarities between terms and the original query. Our system combines both historical query logs and the library catalog to create a thesaurus-based query expansion that correlates query terms with document terms. Our study melds the two approaches by analyzing library corpora for use in query expansion in the digital library OPAC. Indeed  , there are many queries for which state-of-the-art PF expansion methods yield retrieval performance that is substantially inferior to that of using the original query with no expansion — the performance robustness problem 2  , 7. Hence  , the expanded query might exhibit query drift 9  , that is  , represent an information need different than that underlying the original query. So in the end  , we choose the first 10 words ranking in tf*idf retrieval lists besides original words of query itself as the query expansion. After several experiments for considering the amount of words as query expansion  , we find that 10 keywords are enough to support the query. We focus on the query generation and retrieval model selection. In our initial cross-language experiments we therefore tested different values for the parameter r. Note that r is set once for a given run and does not vary from query to query. This approach maintains the benefits of query expansion that were demonstrated through the original use of similarity thesauri for monolingual query expansion. This result is consistent with previous work 24  , and demonstrates the positive effect of query expansion  , even when multiple query concept types are used. Second  , the LCE method  , which uses both multiple explicit query concept types and latent expansion concepts  , outperforms the SD method  , which uses the query concepts alone. The query expansion is performed by integrating the keyword-based query context into DFR-based sequential dependence model where concepts are presented as keywords rather than CUIs. The conceptual-DFR run is based on re-ranking the results that are obtained from query expansion using keyword-based query context. We hope query expansion will provide some so-called topic words for a query and also increase the mutual disambiguation of common query words. Term expansion does considerably reduce the space required for an n-gram database used for query evaluation. It is expected n-gram based query expansion will improve with other query formulation techniques  , different query component weighting and other word match measures. Our query expansion technique adds to a given query terms which are highly similar  , in terms of statistical distribution  , to all of the terms in the query. In this work  , we pursue the same direction but using a query expansion technique different from those used by previous researchers. Therefore   , we restrict RuralCafe to user-driven query expansion by suggesting related popular terms for each query. Suppose the user is willing to invest some extra time for each query  , how much effort is needed to improve the initial query in expansion effort  , how many query terms need to be expanded  , and how many expansion terms per query term are needed ? We hope to answer the following questions. When is the best performance achieved ? Table 1shows the most important explicit query concepts i.e. , the query terms and bigrams and the most important latent concepts i.e. , the expansion terms learned by our model. As an illustrative example of the parameterized query expansion in action  , consider the verbose query " What is the current role of the civil air patrol and what training do participants receive ? " In contrast  , in this paper we propose a novel parameterized query expansion model that applies parameterized concept weighting to both the explicit and the latent query concepts. Therefore  , it is only applicable to the concepts that are explicitly present in the query  , and not to the latent concepts that are obtained through query expansion. The titles of the topics were used as queries for this run. The enhancement introduced to the query expansion approach also resulted in an improved P@30 compared to Baseline13 and the improvement was found statistically significant. Here we use a full-freezing approach by which we only re-rank the unseen documents – those not use to create the list of expansion terms. Our Web-based query expansion QE consists of the Wikipedia QE module  , which extracts terms from Wikipedia articles and Wikipedia Thesaurus  , and the Google QE module  , which extends the PIRC approach that harvests expansion terms from Google search results Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. Web-based expansion  , on the other hand  , searches much larger external data sources of the Web  , and has shown to be an effective query expansion strategy for difficult queries Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. Based on these simplifications  , we measure the performance change due to the expansion term e by the ratio: In order to make the test simpler  , we make the following simplifications: 1 Each expansion term is assumed to act on the query independently from other expansion terms; 2 Each expansion term is added into the query with equal weight λit is set at 0.01 or -0.01. Thus  , recent research on improving the robustness of expansion methods has focused on either predicting whether a given expansion will be more effective for retrieval than the original query 2  , 7  , or on improving the performance robustness of specific expansion methods 10  , 13. Furthermore  , for some queries  , retrieval based on the original query results in performance superior to that resulting from the use of an expansion model. For each query expansion method  , we experimented with various setting of expansion parameters  , primarily including n and k  , where n is the number of top retrieved documents and k is the number of expansion terms. For each retrieval method rmX X denotes the id of the retrieval method  , see Table 1  , we used the three query expansion methods Table 2 with appropriate parameter settings to obtain multiple retrieval resultsd. Finally  , we will present details on how we train our relation language model for query expansion. We then describe in detail the two query expansion methods  , namely: a dependency relation based term expansion DRQET  , which is to be employed in a density based passage retrieval system 6 ,9  , and b dependency relation based path expansion DRQER  , which is to be employed in a relation based passage retrieval system 8. As shown in Table 1  , we have considered several means by which a FIR system could make use of query expansion: choosing expansion terms based on each collection separately local expansion and sending individual expanded queries to each collection focused querying using sampled documents. Although query expansion techniques have been wellstudied in the case of centralized IR  , they have been largely ignored in federated IR research. The run QCRI4 was obtained by retrieving the tweets using the combination of two sets of expansion terms which resulted from the corresponding query expansion schemes  , while the other three runs were conducted using the expanded queries which resulted from PRF only and did not use any external information. Two query expansion schemes were adopted in our system  , one utilizing the standard PRF technique and the other mining query expansion terms from Google search results based on the same set of Microblog search queries and timebounded by the query timestamp. Thesaurus expansion was found to improve recall significantly at some lesser cost in precision. An empirical study by Kristensen 26 compared single-step automatic query expansion of synonym  , narrower-term  , related term  , combined union expansion and no expansion of thesaurus relationships. Ruthven 3 compared the relative effectiveness of interactive query expansion and automatic query expansion and found that users were less likely than systems to select effective terms for query expansion. Approaches include having the system suggest a list of terms  , and automatically adding them to users' queries automatic RF  , allowing users to pick which terms to add interactive RF  , and eliciting new terms from users. The amount of query expansion for the SK case was thus chosen to be less than that used for the SU case because of the interaction between the query and document expansion devices. The values of t S c U u i F v w c y x W x were chosen for the UBRF stage for the SK run to give good performance across both development query sets when used in conjunction with document expansion. This research has shown that thesaurus-based query expansion often induces an increase in recall  , usually accompanied by a significant loss in precision. Besides  , two issues have been studied: finding key information in topics  , and dynamic result selection. A key idea of our term ranking approach is that one can generalize the knowledge of expansion terms from the past candidate ones to predict effective expansion terms for the novel queries. Suppose that query qi has k expansion terms  , the relevance label of expansion term ej 1 ≤ j ≤ k is defined as follows: The subjects varied in their ability to identify good expansion terms  , being able to identify 32% -73% of the good expansion terms. Unlike in 2011  , the run without stopwords cmuPrfPhrENo did slightly better on average than the equivalent run including stopwords cmuPrfPhrE in the 2012 query set. Second  , the query expansion for tie-breaking is worse than other method probably caused by the limitation of tie-breaking method  , which assumes that every query term is important and may not perform well for long queries. For example  , when the term " disaster " in the query " transportation tunnel disaster " is expanded into " fire "   , " earthquake "   , " flood "   , etc. , we do not count occurrences of several of these terms as additional evidence of relevance. Our key techniques for making query expansion efficient  , scalable  , and self-tuning are to avoid aggregating scores for multiple expansion terms of the same original query term and to avoid scanning the index lists for all expansion terms. Unlike many common retrieval models that use unsupervised concept weighting based on a single global statistic  , parameterized query expansion leverages a number of publicly available sources such as Wikipedia and a large collection of web n-grams  , to achieve a more accurate concept importance weighting. Our main research focus this year was on the use of phrases or multi-word units in query expansion. Two main research questions were studied in these experiments: -Whether nominal MWUs which exhibit strong degree of stability in the corpus are better candidates for interactive query expansion than nominal MWUs selected by the frequency parameters of the individual terms they contain; -Whether nominal MWUs are better candidates for interactive query expansion than single terms. Selected MWUs were then suggested to the user for interactive query expansion. All expansion has been performed via the Query Expansion Tool interface QET which allows the user to view only the summaries of top retrieved documents  , and select or deselect them for topic expansion. The key characteristics of this run is the 10 minute time limit imposed on topic expansion. By default  , summaries of all top 30 documents were used for expansion unless the user manually deselected some this was precisely the only form of manual intervention allowed. For a fair comparison with manual CNF expansion  , our first bag of word expansion baseline also uses the set of manual expansion terms selected by predicted Pt | R. Some results of bag of word retrieval at low selection levels  , i.e. For example  , with full expansion of all query terms  , CNF expansion Table 3 gets a MAP of 0.2938  , 23% better than 0.2384 of the bag of word expansion with the same expansion terms  , significant at p < 0.0025 by the randomization test and weakly significant at p < 0.0676 by the sign test. An interesting study by Billerbeck and Zobel 5  demonstrates that document-side expansion is inferior to query-side expansion when the documents are long. The ad-side expansion can be viewed as document-side expansion  , which has been examined extensively in the general IR community. This result indicates that the level of improvement in SDR due to query expansion can be significant  , but is heavily dependent on the selected expansion terms. It should be noted that the +10% improvement arising from use of the TR derived expansion terms is in addition to the +30% relative to the baseline when using the SDR derived expansion terms. The four methods examined are no use of expansion  , pre-translation expansion only  , post-translation only  , and the use of both pre-and post-translation expansion. Our goal is to compare four methods of query expansion or augmentation under a spectrum of conditions corresponding to differing quality translation resources. Using all terms for query expansion was significantly better than using only the terms immediately surrounding the user's query Document/Query Representation  , All Words vs. Near Query. However  , emphasizing the query during reranking does not appear to be necessary. Another method called query expansion expands the query terms with similar keywords for refining search results and guessing the user's query intents 2  , 11  , 27  , 28. The mined query pairs were then used as query suggestions for each other. Query segmentation divides a query into semantically meaningful sub-units 17  , 18. Query expansion expands the query with additional terms to enrich the query for- mulation 14  , 15  , 16. First  , unlike most other query expansion techniques  , we use key phrases as the basic unit for our query term. Our paper makes the following contributions. Indri structure query language model 3 is used in our two interactive runs DUTgen1 and DUTgen2. We used MeSH Medical Subject Headings for query expansion. We tested the effectiveness of a new weighted Query Expansion approach. The task is to retrieve relevant tweet documents for each provided query. Query expansion technology is used to modify the initial query. We try to improve system performance by integrating different ranking methods. Figure 1a illustrates query translation without expansion. The simple MT-based query translation and the PRF methods are illustrated in Figure 1. The first was query expansion – where additional terms were added to the query itself. Generally   , two different approaches were considered  , as shown in Figure 3. Then  , we use the TSTM to expand queries. Thus  , query expansion technique to expand the base query was not very helpful. Some of these topics were very short and contained very few technical  , specific medical nouns. However  , this improvement of recall comes at the expense of reducing the precision. The second query also uses a different set of expansion keywords usually fewer. This query can then be relaxed by breaking it down into tokens. This work uses fully automatic query expansion. Qiu and Frei 17  measure recallprecision and usefulness of query expansions based on a similarity thesaurus constructed from the corpus. Table 3lists the percentages for query types for CSIs. Finally  , a machine-learning-based query expansion is applied to testing its effectiveness for searches with CSIs. This approach outperforms many other query expansion techniques. utilized user logs to extract correlations between query terms and document terms 6. B+R means ranking document with AND condition of every non-stopword in a query. All runs did not use phrases  , and query expansion. Each correct conflation is a possibility for retrieving documents with textual occurrences different from the query. They can also be used for query expansion. As introduced in Section 5.3.3  , our system implements a user recommendation functionality through a query expansion mechanism. Let Q be a query submitted by the user Many automatic query expansion techniques have been proposed. However  , short queries and inconsistency between user query terms and document terms strongly affect the performance of existing search engines. In this article  , we presented a novel method for automatic query expansion based on query logs. We believe this is a very promising research direction. As shown in section 4  , there are many different similarity measures available. The query relaxation engine should automatically determine similar entities and use them for query expansion. We only utilize query expansion from internal dataset and proximity search. tweet data after query tweet time cutoff and external resource. FASILKOM03 This run uses phrase query identification  , query expansion from internal dataset  , customized scoring function without RT value added  , proximity search  , keywords weighting  , and language detection. Section 4 illustrates our semantic matching model based on conceptual query and document indexing using UMLS. Section 3 details our semantic query expansion technique using disease synonym dictionary. Both systems first expand the query terms of each interest profile. 1b  systems share three major components: Query Expansion   , Tweet Scoring  , and Redundancy Checking. It incorporates user context to make an expanded query more relevant. The selected terms contained no original query term. We used retweets for each query expansion method because retweets are a good source for improving twitter search performance 2. Our unsupervised scoring function is based on 3 main observations. However  , because we are exploiting highly relevant documents returned by a search engine  , we observe that even our unsupervised scoring function produces high quality results as shown in Section 5. The performance also varies depending on the choice of scoring function. Accordingly  , the performance of NEXAS is largely determined by that of the underlying search engine. We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. Second  , we are interested in evaluating the efficiency of the engine. Rather  , it uses the scoring function of the search engine used to rank the search results. Our method does not require any labeled training data. The second source of phrase data is iVia's PhraseRate keyphrase assignment engine 13. The remaining phrases are then sorted  , and the ten highest-scoring phrases are returned. This last point is important since typically search engine builders wish to keep their scoring function secret because it is one of the things that differentiates them from other sources. We believe that our results can guide implementors of search engines  , making it clear what scoring functions may make it hard for a client meta-broker to merge information properly  , and making it clear how much the meta-broker needs to know about the scoring function. We begin with the usual assumption that for each query  , there is a scoring function that assigns a score to each document  , so that the documents with the highest scores are the most relevant. Table entries are set according to the scoring model of the search engine; thus  , At ,d is the score of document d for term t. These probabilities can be induced from the scoring function of the search engine. The above measure of pD depends on our knowledge of the relevance probability of every document in the set to the query. For the search backend  , Apache Lucene 14 is a search engine library with support for full text search via a fairly expressive query language   , extensible scoring  , and high performance indexing. typeahead.js 4 and Bootstrap 3. Lucene then compared to Juru  , the home-brewed search engine used by the group in previous TREC conferences. Lucene's scoring function was modified to include better document length normalization  , and a better term-weight setting following to the SMART model. Effectiveness in these notional applications is modeled by the task metrics. Alternatively   , a search engine might choose to display the top-scoring tweets in rank order regardless of time. Thus similar titles will appear approximately in the same column  , with the better scoring titles towards the top. Vertical position is controlled by the relevance score assigned by the search engine. 15 propose an alternative approach called rank-based relevance scoring in which they collect a mapping from songs to a large corpus of webpages by querying a search engine e.g. , Google with song  , album and artist names. Knees et al. SP and SP* select a specification page using our scoring function in Section 3.2; SP selects a page from the top 30 results provided by Google search engine  , while SP* selects a page from 10 ,000 pages randomly selected from the local web repository . Google outputs the top results of the Google search engine. It is the same engine that was used for previous TREC participations e.g. The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. For each document identifier passed to the Snippet Engine   , the engine must generate text  , preferably containing query terms  , that attempts to summarize that document. In order to avoid bias towards any particular scoring mechanism  , we compare sentence quality later in the paper using the individual components of the score  , rather than an arbitrary combination of the components. At the meta-broker end  , we believe that our results can also be helpful in the design of the target scoring function  , and in distinguishing cases where merging results is meaningful and cases where it is not. This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function  , and thus within this toleration factor  , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary. Intuitively  , this definition captures the notion that since a search engine generates a ranking of documents by scoring them according to various criteria  , the scores used for ranking may only accurately resolve document relevance to within some toleration . An important feature of this is that the tf·idf scores are calculated only on the terms within the index  , so that anchortext terms are kept separate from terms in the document itself. We use a query engine that implements a variation on the INQUERY 1 tf·idf scoring function to extract an ordered list of results from each of the three indices. We note that when sufficient training data is available  , existing techniques for learning ranking functions can be leveraged. Since the prototype did not include a general search engine  , the best interface with such systems is unknown. Evaluation of the scoring mechanisms understanding why appropriate sentences received lower scores than higher ranked sentences and understanding the contribution of the individual mechanisms will also likely lead to improvements. The answer passage retrieval component is fully unsupervised and relies on some scoring model to retrieve most relevant answer passages for a given question. The architecture of our system is rather simple as displayed in Figure 4 : given a question Q  , a search engine retrieves a list of passages ranked by their relevancy. Additional opportunities include allowing wildcards to match subexpressions rather than single symbols  , implementing additional query functionality in the engine  , incorporating textual features and context 24  , and integrating Tangent-3 with keyword search. Retrieval effectiveness can be improved through changes to the SLT  , unification models  , and the MSS function and scoring vector. In particular  , dynamic pruning strategies aim to avoid the scoring of postings for documents that cannot make the top K retrieved set. cannot degrade retrieval effectiveness to a given rank K – and use docid sorted posting lists  , as deployed by at least one major search engine 12. In the future  , we would like to find ways to overcome this problem and thus further improve top ranked precision of AQR based results. Since difficult queries mislead the scoring function of the search engine to associate high scores to irrelevant documents  , our computation of relevance probability is also faulty in this case. Elastic Search 1 is a search server based on Lucene that provides the ability to quickly build scalable search engines. In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results  , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. The noise in the content may create errors while doing document retrieval thus drastically reducing the precision of retrieval. In response to a query  , each of the three indices returns zero or more results. Our formula search engine is an integral part of Chem X Seer  , a digital library for chemistry and embeds the formula search into document search by query rewrite and expansion Figure 1. Finally  , we describe relevance scoring functions corresponding to the types of queries. IBM Haifa This year  , the experiments of IBM Haifa were focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine. Based on the 149 topics of the Terabyte tracks  , the results of modified Lucene significantly outperform the original Lucene and are comparable to Juru's results. The main goal was to bring Lucene's ranking function to the same level as the state-of-the-art ranking formulas like those traditionally used by TREC participants. An end-user application resembling Twitter's current search interface might apply a threshold on the tweet retrieval score and only show tweets above some threshold in chronological order. To improve the efficiency of such a deployment  , a dynamic pruning strategy such as Wand 1 could easily be used  , which omits the scoring of documents that cannot reach the top K retrieved set. A search engine deploying learning to rank techniques reranks the top K documents retrieved by a standard weighting model  , known as the sample 3  , as shown in Figure 1. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. The parameters of the document language models are estimated by interpolating relative frequency of occurrence of the term w in the document D with the relative frequency of occurrence in the document collection C. Relevance is determined by the underlying text search engine based on the common scoring metric of term frequency inverse document frequency. Stories are represented as a thumbnail image along with a score thermometer  , a relevance bar to the left of each thumbnail  , with stories listed in relevance order. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. To gauge the effectiveness of our system compared to other similar systems  , we developed a version of our tagging suggestion engine that was integrated with the raw  , uncompressed tag data and did not use the case-evaluator for scoring  , aside from counting frequency of occurrence in the result set. A keyword search engine like Lucene has OR-semantics by default i.e. , passages matching at least one query word is eligible for scoring but encourages AND-semantics i.e. , passages which match all/most query words get priority. Selectors can be used in two places: to pad the initial keyword query  , and to rerank the candidate passages. Therefore  , the classification ends up scoring Shannon less similar to himself than to Monica probably due to high diversity of her sample images  as well as to Kobe Bryant Table 1. He has a large footprint on the Web  , however the top images returned by the search engine are replicas of the same few shots. To evaluate the performance of the ranking functions  , we blended 200 documents selected by the cheap scoring function into the base-line set. To form a base-line set of top documents  , we collected the top 20 results for 5000 queries from a commercial search engine . In our experiments we insist that each response contains all selectors  , and use Lucene's OR over other question words. A quick scan of the thumbnails locates an answer: 4 musicians shown  , which the user could confirm took place in Singapore by showing and playing the story. Our experiments this year for the TREC 1-Million Queries Track focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine 4. Equation 1 describes the default Lucene score for a document d with respect to a query q: Several papers 12 13 report that proximity scoring is effective when the query consists of multiple words. When a phrase query is submitted   , the search engine accesses inverted lists of each word that forms the phrase to identify documents that contain those words in the order and offset specified. – Textual baseline: we indexed the raw text by adopting the standard Lucene library customized with the scoring formula described in Sect. 17 For comparison  , on KE4IR website we make available for download an instance of SOLR a popular search engine based on Lucene indexing the same document collection used in our evaluation  , and we report on its performances on the test queries. For example   , a classical content-based recommendation engine takes the text from the descriptions of all the items that user has browsed or bought and learns a model usually a binary target function: "recommend or "not recommend". Although content-based systems also use the words in the descriptions of the items  , they traditionally use those words to learn one scoring function. Out of these posts  , 1.9M posts are tagged with an average of 1.75 tags per post. We were able to improve Lucene's search quality as measured for TREC data by 1 adding phrase expansion and proximity scoring to the query  , 2 better choice of document length normalization  , and 3 normalizing tf values by document's average term frequency. We started by measuring Lucene's out of the box search quality for TREC data and found that it is significantly inferior to other search engines that participate in TREC  , and in particular comparing to our search engine Juru. Finally  , for each set of results the only the the highest scoring 1000 tweets were used by RRF to combine results and only the top 1000 results from each run were submitted to NIST for evaluation. If this was not done then Wumpus would attempt to look for tweets containing exactly the topic phrase and this is not generally a desirable behaviour for a search engine. In the rank scoring metric  , method G-Click has a significant p < 0.01 23.37% improvement over method WEB and P-Click method have a significant p < 0.01 23.68% improvement over method WEB. This means users have small variance on these queries  , and the search engine has done well for these queries  , while on the queries with click entropy≥2.5  , the result is disparate: both P-Click and G-Click methods make exciting performance. A page was said to include an attribute-value pair only when a correspondence between the attribute and its value could be visually recognized as on the left side of Figure 1. When a user enters a freetext query string  , the corpus of webpages is ranked using an IR approach and then the mapping from webpages back to songs is used to retrieve relevant songs. The goal of this scoring is to optimize the degree to which the asker and the answerer feel kinship and trust  , arising from their sense of connection and similarity  , and meet each other's expectations for conversational behavior in the interaction. Connectedness: Second  , the Routing Engine scores each user according to the degree to which she herself — as a person  , independently of her topical expertise — is a good " match " for the asker for this information query. The G-Click method  , which gets the best performance for these queries  , has only a nonsignificant 0.37% improvement over WEB methods in rank scoring metric. If no such context information is at hand  , there is still another option: the search engine may present the results of the best scoring segmentation to the user and offer the second best segmentation in a " Did you mean " manner. For instance  , if the user stems from London  , reads " The Times " and is a passionate folk-dancer  , this might make the alternative segmentation times " square dance " preferable. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large  , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. As an example  , a state-of-the-art IR definition for a singleattribute scoring function Score is as follows 17: Specifically  , the score that we assign to a joining tree of tuples T for a query Q relies on:  Single-attribute IR-style relevance scores Scorea i   , Q for each textual attribute a i ∈ T and query Q  , as determined by an IR engine at the RDBMS  , and  A function Combine  , which combines the singleattribute scores into a final score for T . The basic idea of the triple jump framework is to perform two iterations of bound or overrelaxed bound optimization to obtain γ  , and compute the next search point with a large η. We can bring back the third jump to a legal place by interpolation with the second jump. It is based on three steps of data splitting   , which represent a so-called " smart search " of the jump points. The designed method is purely empirical. How do we get this jump into picking up articles that really do not contain the proper search word ? However  , it will never come up that "apple" is quite the right search word for that article. Only concepts under expanded branches are considered during the search. The search function has several issues—the scroll bar shows pink markers where the results appear but there is no jump to hit. Expecting to find a HTML button  , they may press " B " to jump only among buttons narrowing down their search space and reducing the amount of information they have to listen to. Expert users would employ element-specific navigation allowing them to jump back and forth among elements of certain HTML type: buttons  , headings  , edit fields  , etc. Planner 2 is resolution complete when all the jump points are considered. The planner generates this path by performing a bestfirst search of the connected component using a simple distance function. This paper focuses on find-similar's use as a search tool rather than as a browsing interface. To browse a collection of documents by similarity  , a user can use find-similar to jump from list to list of similar documents. Search options and all information needed to use the search box must be placed before the box since the screen reader cannot " jump " back and forth as the eyes could. Search box should be positioned early enough in the code of the page so as to be accessible easily. The additional search-engine data structures ensure that we have at most one disk access per operation. Since the posting lists are stored on secondary storage  , each next or jump operation may result to one or more disk accesses. We also see in this experiment that the MKS metric is fairly consistent with Recall. Since the size of Google's search space is unknown  , we cannot jump to the conclusion that our system outperforms Google's spelling suggestion system. However its phrasing significantly differs from the phrasing of the other two {b  , d}. Using such a technique leads to a significant increase in its efficiency. Appropriate labels must be given for input boxes and placed above or to the left of the input boxes. It is worth noting that a larger search space query log in our case may result in worse performance. While annotators must answer all questions before they can complete a policy annotation task  , they can jump between questions  , answer them in any order  , and edit their responses until they submit the task. Additionally  , the annotation tool features a search box above the policy  , which enables annotators to search for key terms or phrases within the policy before selecting an answer. More advanced users may employ the search feature to find the button by searching for its label  , assuming they know what the label is  , and the label is a text string. The abstract page displays a full meta-record title  , authors  , abstract  , rights etc. From the meta-search users can either choose to view an abstract page  , or jump directly to a cached full-text PDF if available for each matching article. However  , we cannot search the C-Space in the same manner with conventional obstacle avoidance problems because graspless manipulation may be irreversible and regrasping causes discontinuous ' ?jump " in this C-Space. Thus planning  ,of graspless manipulation is transformed into finding a path in this C-Space. Such organized image search results will naturally enable a user to quickly identify and zoom into a subset of results that is most relevant to her query intent. For example  , the result images of " fruit " and " fly " queries can be clustered by visual objects e.g. , strawberry  , aeroplane  , insect and activities e.g. , jump. The bottom part displays page content  , with search terms highlighted; a text box lets users jump directly to specific pages  , and prev/next buttons let users scroll through the book a page at a time. The top part shows the selected book's meta-data: its author  , title  , year of publication  , domain  , where it was obtained  , etc. For instance  , the maximum step size should not exceed the minimum obstacle dimension so that the moving object would not jump through an obstacle from one configuration to the next. With these parameters   , we set also a ceiling and a floor for si+l so that the user may enforce control over the search resolution. Thus  , if search engines can identify high quality pages early on and promote them for a relatively short period  , the pages can achieve its eventual popularity significantly earlier than under the random-surfer model. As Figure 10 shows  , once a page starts to get noticed by Web users  , its popularity can jump almost immediately as long as the page is of high quality. Operations loc and next are easily implemented with a linked-list data structure  , while for nextr search engines augment the linked lists with tree-like data structures in order to perform the operation efficiently. However simulating jumpr ,s this way would cost s moves rather than one – see below. Utility views are available as appropriate at all three levels of pages: domain  , vocabulary  , and book. While serendipity is difficult to design for by definition  , it can be supported through discriminability: it is important that it is obvious to a user when such items come into view – that the descriptions of items make their nature clear. I'll just jump to that from the search . Judges could browse a book sequentially or jump to a page  , browse using the hyperlinked table of contents  , search inside the book  , and visit the recommended candidate pages listed on the Assessment tab. Selecting a book from the list opened the Book Viewer window see Figure 1  , which supported various forms of browsing and searching inside the book. Alternatively   , pointing at the 'search' item in the control window causes the text window to display the next occumence of the searched-for item. Pointing to any line in the table of contents window with the mouse causes the text window to jump to the corresponding part of the document. The locations of matching areas following a query are represented on the video timeline  , with button access to quickly jump forward and back through match areas. The time-aligned transcript makes the video more accessible 2 and offers potential to keep users on-site longer in support of exploratory search 1. Teleporting is a search strategy where the user tries to jump directly to the information target  , e. g.  , the query 'phone number of the DFKI KM-Group secretary' delivers the document which contains the wanted phone number 23. The engine should also facilitate not only the searching for documents but also semantic teleporting. Semantic teleporting does not deliver the document which contains the wanted phone number but the phone number itself. Scenario. If he does not remember the right set of keywords to directly jump to this page  , it certainly would be nice if enhanced desktop search  , based on his previous surfing behavior  , would support him by returning the Microsoft home page  , as well as providing the list of links from this page he clicked on during his last visit. Several issues must be resolved to realize this basic idea. Furthermore  , the result set from navigation is more likely to suggest relevant possible query reformulation terms along the way  , so that users can refine their own search queries and 'jump' closer before resuming navigation. The Search interface requires careful query reformulation in " near-miss " situations  , whereas the Browse interface is more likely to provide links that will bring the user closer to the targets. a syntactic component . Once positioned on a node  , the user can move in all directions  , node by node  , can Jump to a node label if labelling of the tree was previously requested or can search a node under a condition which ob- viously is a node type i.e. These nodes are treated by making a random jump whenever the random walk enters a dangling node. However  , this definition does not account for dangling nodes i.e. , nodes without any outgoing edges – which are shown to form a significant portion of the Web graph crawled by search engines 4. For example  , web pages for search tasks like " purchase computers "   , " maintain hardware " and " download software " are all linked with the Lenovo homepage 2   , and hyperlinks are also built among these web pages for users to jump from one task to another conveniently. The reason is that web pages linked by hyperlinks are very likely to aim at accomplishing different tasks. To illustrate the effect of this query  , it is worthwhile to jump ahead a bit and show the results on our implemented prototype. Thus  , the proximity search looks for " movie " objects that are somehow associated to " Travolta " and/or " Cage " objects. We also present and evaluate jump indexes  , a novel trustworthy and efficient index for join operations on posting lists for multi-keyword queries. Through extensive simulations and experiments with an IBM intranet search engine  , we demonstrate that the scheme achieves online update speed while maintaining good query performance. Consider for example Paul  , who is looking for the Microsoft internships web page  , which he has previously visited  , coming from the Microsoft main home page. Accordingly  , we approximately represent this C-Space by a directed graph referred to as " manipulation-feasibility graph 3; we' conslruct nodes of the graph by discretizing the C-Space  , ana connect the nodes with directed arcs. Real Presenter does provide an integrated table of contents for each presentation so viewers can jump ahead to a particular slide but it doesn't provide keyword or text searches across multiple presentations. StreamAuthor does enable the video of the presentation to be synchronized with the PowerPoint presentation at the time of capture but does not support any search facilities other than high-level browsing across a single presentation. For example  , if users jump to Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. However  , anyone can imagine a number of reasons for the effect not appearing in search engine use. Conversely  , in MT CLOSED  , the singleton i is not disregarded during the mining of subsequent closed itemsets. Once the entire the subtree rooted in Y = X ∪ i has been mined  , FP-CLOSE  , CLOSET and CHARM  , remove the singleton i from their recursive projections  , thus loosing the chance to detect a jump to an already visited region of the search space by exploiting the Extension Lemma. Although not directly comparable due to different test conditions  , different searches  , etc. , the e-Discovery Team's scores were far higher than any previously recorded in the six years of TREC Legal One reason for this significant jump in high scores may be that many of the thirty topics in the 2015 Total Recall Track presented relatively simple information needs by legal search standards  , with one major exception  , Topic 109 – Scarlet Letter Law. This result should shatter once and for all the already weakened legal search myth that all documents must be manually reviewed for relevance. In the modern object-oriented approach to search engines based on posting lists and DAAT evaluation  , posting lists are viewed as streams equipped with the next method above  , and the next method for Boolean and other complex queries is built from the next method for primitive terms. The jump operation is not traditionally supported but can be easily implemented using the same tree data-structures needed for nextr – we simply augment the inner nodes with a count of all the postings contained within the rooted subtree. Another  , third kind of global steps is used toleavethe information system or to suspend the Preconditions: have to be true before an action can be acf.i- vated  , Example: Before a presentation of retrieved data can be generated  , the search providing the datarequiredby theselected presentation form must be completet Action: may be divided into two parts: a main action  , which is always required  , and one or more additional actions  , which can be optional or required  , Example Domain actions like 'formulate a query concerning workshops' may have an additional action like 'ask for terminology support for the workshop topic " xyz' " ; a domain action like 'present the retrieved workshops and their related topics' as the main action can be elaborated by an additional action like 'explain the difference between the presentation forms  Example presenting 'workshops' and their 'topics': according to the goals the user defined in the beginning of the dialogue  , the prcscmtation should present complctc information or in form of an overview. go back to a previous step in order to make changes  , or jump ahead to a later step instead of following the actual plan. However  , best-first search also has some problems. Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. The first query delivers already the best possible results only. 5shows the search result of a product search with Preference SQL via a mobile WAP phone. For searching in the implicit C-space  , any best-first search mechanism can be applied. As evaluation The best 900 rules  , as measured by extended Laplace accuracy  , were saved. Iterative depth first search was used. The pruning comes in three forms. To answer ML2DQ  , we adopt the same best first search approach as LDPQ. Admissible functions are optimistic. Best-first search which uses admissible function  , finds the first goal node that is also the optimal one. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first approach towards comprehensive context modeling for context-aware search. First  , we propose a novel model to support context-aware search. 4 Experiments on the search results of a commercial search engine well validated its effectiveness. To our best knowledge  , this is the first work which considers the correlation between search queries and tags for search result re-ranking. The technique is applied to a graph representation of the octree search space  , and it performs a global search through the graph. The third technique we use is A' search Nilsson 711 -a best-first  , tree-structured search method. Both the search engine and the crawler were not built specifically for this application. Currently  , the search engine-crawler symbiosis is implemented using a search engine called Rosetta 5 ,4 and a Naive Best-First crawler 14 ,15. First  , the current best partial solution is expanded its successors are added to the search graph by picking an unexpanded search state within the current policy. Each iteration of AO* search is composed of two parts. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. , by breadth-first  , best-first or depth-first search. We chose these two benchmark systems because Google is currently known as the best general search engine and NanoSpot is currently one of the best NSE domain-specific search engines. In our first user evaluation experiment  , we let domain experts judge and compare the search results from NanoPort to those from two benchmark systems: Google and NanoSpot. Search terminates when no new ps maybeopenedor~only remainingcandidatep: ,iSthe desired destinetionp~ itself. the sholtest disw fhml the starting point a form of " best first " . A reformulation node is chosen based on a modified form of best-first search. A task is defined to be an application of a rule to a goal. To the best of our knowledge  , XSeek is the first XML keyword search engine that automatically infers desirable return nodes to form query results. 1. First the parameter space was coarsely gridded with logarithmic spacing. The search for the best choice of this parameter was performed in two steps.  Results: It presents experimental results from SPR and Prophet with different search spaces. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first characterization of this tradeoff. We first obtain the ground-truth of search intents for each eventdriven query. To select the best source  , we define the criteria as follows: Due to the space limitations  , the details are omitted here. This overhead can be reduced by an approximate pairwise ranking that uses a best-first search strategy. If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. Here  , we present MQSearch: a realization of a search engine with full support for measured information. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first search engine with such support for measured information. The findings can help improve user interface design for expert search. To the best of our knowledge  , this is one of the first query log analyses targeting on expert search. However  , Backward expanding search may perform poorly w.r.t. In brief  , it does a best-first search from each node matching a keyword; whenever it finds a node that has been reached from each keyword  , it outputs an answer tree. Typical state lattice planners for static domains are implemented using a best-first search over the graph such as A* or D*-lite. We now argue that an exhaustive search is necessary anyway for a driving application. The search attention is always concentrated on the current node unless it is abandoned according to the pruning criteria. Best first searches are a subset of heuristic search techniques which are very popular in artificial intelligence. For general or complex prob lem spaces  , such heuristic based search techniques are almost always more e5cient and certainly more interesting. In this work  , we first classify search results  , and then use their classifications directly to classify the original query. The best results were obtained when using 40 top search hits. Notice also that we have chosen to search " worsefirst   , " rather than to search " best-first. " In practice however  , this is almost always the case under any definition of exemplar quality. The simulated search scenario for ENA task was as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first time that an entertainment-based search task is simulated in this way. Furthermore  , the OASIS search technique employs a best-first A* search strategy as it descends the suffix tree. By carefully managing the layout of the suffix tree in disk blocks  , OASIS can be efficient even on large data sets. We first perform a best-first-search in the graph from the node containing the initial position tc the node containing the goal. Suppose we want to compute a trajectory be:ween an initial and a final configuration. Using the best individual from the first run as the basis for a second evolutionary run we evolved a trot gait that moves at 900cm/min. Here we ran experiments first with a large initial search space. Next  , state values and best action choices are updated in a bottom-up manner  , starting from the newly expanded state. Browsing a " best " set required using the application's pull-down menu to open files from the hard disk. Launching an image search required first launching a text search or " best " browse that displayed the resulting thumbnails  , and then dragging and dropping a thumbnail into the upper left pane. System B scored best when respondents reacted to the third statement  , about search outcome 24-score mean: 1.46  , and scored almost as well on the first statement 24score mean: 1.50. System A scored best when respondents recorded their reactions to the first statement  , about their pre-query 'mental image' 24score mean: 1.21. Then  , we use the generic similarity search model two times consecutively  , to first find the best candidate popular patterns and second locate the best code examples. At run-time  , for a given query  , first the most relevant p-strings are identified. If the goal t for finite search spacar $ &t first fiche csns.s some depth first search at the most promising node and if a solution is not found  , thii node soon becomes less promising zu compared to 8ome other aa yet unexplored node which is then expanded and subsequently explored. Best first searches combine the advantages of heuristics with other blind search techniques like DFS and BFS $. Based on our experiments  , we find that our system enables broad crosslingual support for a wide variety of location search queries  , with results that compare well with the best monolingual location search providers. In this section  , we first establish a baseline using our transliteration module and commercial monolingual location search systems  , since no other comparable crosslingual location search system exists. Nevertheless  , since this work is the first step toward our final goal  , our model is yet to cover all the aspects of location-based social search. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work on developing a formal model for location-based social search that considers check-in information as well as alternative recommendation. Non-promising URLs are put to the back of the queue where they rarely get a chance to be visited.  We present an experimental evaluation  , demonstrating that our approach is a promising one. Using best-first search  , SCUP generates compositions for WSC problems with minimal cost of violations of the user preferences. It performs a best-first search of a graph of possible foot placements to explore sequences of trajectories. Our prototype planner is a simple attempt to meet these goals. The increase in search space can also be seen in the size of the resulting lattice. The resulting 1-best error rates decrease for the first three setups but stays around the same for the third and fourth. TREC 2005 was the first year for the enterprise track  , which is an outgrowth of previous years' web track tasks. Thus  , more work is needed to understand how best to support discussion search. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first work to apply federated IR techniques in the context of entity search. In future work  , we plan to expand our work to non-cooperative environments. This can be achieved by applying the negative logarithm to the original multiplicative estimator function Eq. In order to use established best-first search approaches  , we need to make the heuristic function both additive and positive. For example   , a topic-focused best-first crawler 9 retrieves only 94 Movie search forms after crawling 100 ,000 pages related to movies. But searchable forms are very sparsely distributed over the Web  , even within narrow domains. During a search  , the crawler only follows links from pages classified as being on-topic. The best-first crawler BFC uses a classifier that learns to classify pages as belonging to topics in a taxonomy. Furthermore  , to the best of our knowledge  , SLIDIR is the first system specifically designed to retrieve and rank synthetic images. SLIDIR differs from general image search engines  , as it focuses solely on slide image retrieval from presentation sets. An appropriate heuristic function is used to compute the promise of a path. Traditionally  , test collections are described as consisting of three components: topics  , documents and relevance judgments 5. Ranked retrieval test collections support insightful  , explainable  , repeatable and affordable evaluation of the degree to which search systems present results in best-first order. Academic search engines have become the starting point for many researchers when they draft research manuscripts or work on proposals. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that studies academic query classification. A best first search without backtracking should be effective if the pedestrian templates we take distribute averagely. The whole pedestrian area in RPUM will then be set black to avoid duplicate matching. In this paper  , we presented two methods for collection ranking of distributed knowledge repositories. The candidate graph G c is a directed graph containing important associations of variables where the redundancy of associations should be minimized. K2 uses a simple incremental search strategy: it first searches for the best Suppose we have in the node Z state with R started separated sessions. This global view is a map of the search results over geographic space. The first is a global view of the results that shows what grid cells on the Earth best match the query. Within the class of heuristic searches  , R* is somewhat related to K-best-first search 20. However  , the methodological exploration limits them from being widely applicable to high-dimensional planning. The latter limits the number of successors for each expanded state to at most K states. For the first encounter  , we search the best matching scans. Encounters between robots black lines as well as loop closing constraints red lines within a trajectory are generated by scan matching. Another group of related work is graph-based semi-supervised learning. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is one of the first to study the search task that a web page can accomplish. Although other work has explored dwell time  , to the best of our knowledge this is the first work to use dwell time for a large scale  , general search relevance task. Finally  , we conclude the paper in Section 7. This paper provides a first attempt to bridge the gap between the two evolving research areas: procedural knowledge base and taskoriented search. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , structured or semi-structured procedural knowledge has not been studied in the context of task-oriented search as a means to improve search quality and experience. In order to describe the search routines  , it is useful to first describe the search space in which they work. The second set of experiments were run to determine the best of several search routines and matching functions that could be used to register the long-term and short-term perception maps. Given a user query  , we first determine dynamically appropriate weights of visual features  , to best capture the discriminative aspects of the resulting set of images that is retrieved. In this paper we introduce new methods to diversify image search results. The page classifier guides the search and the crawler follows all links that belong to a page whose contents are classified as being on-topic. Baseline  , a variation of the best-first crawler 9. However  , the internal crawl is restricted to the webpages of the examined site. Analogously to a focused page crawler  , the internal crawler traverses the web using a best-first search strategy. In our first attempt we did a plain full text keyword search for labels and synonyms and created one mapping for the best match if there was one. We searched for English labels and synonyms of the FMA in Wikipedia. In this context  , the ontological reasoning provides a way to compute the heuristic cost of a method before decomposing it. A recent work 30 also propose to incorporate content salience into predicting user attention on SERPs. To our best knowledge  , we are among the first to adopt visual saliency information in predicting search examination behavior. Secondly  , we would like to establish whether term frequency  , as modelled by the TP distribution  , represents useful additional information. As far as the initial search is concerned  , there is  , first  , the issue of whether IDF weighting is the best strategy. The best-first planning BFP inethod 9 is adopted to search points with the minimum potential. 7  , the result of path planning demonstrates that the method is able to handle the complexity terrain. Since the object inference may not be perfect  , multiple correspondences are allowed. A best-first search is used to build the correspondences of objects using three types of constraints. The second criterion considers different kinds of relationships between an input query and its suggestions. To the best of our knowledge   , this is the first criterion that compares the search result quality of the input query and its suggestions. The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. Comparing the running times we observe that MaxMiner is the best method for this type of data. Users rely on search engines not only to return pages related to their search query  , but also to separate the good from the bad  , and order results so that the best pages are suggested first. The sheer number of both good and bad pages on the Web has led to an increasing reliance on search engines for the discovery of useful information. It requires assessors to compare the search results of the suggestions to that of the input query and awards those suggestions having better search results. As partial matches are computed   , the search also computes an upper-bound on the cost of matching the remaining portion of the query. We want to demonstrate the use of the symbiotic model by picking an off-the-shelf search engine and a generic topical crawler. For each top ranked search result  , they performed a limited breadth first search and found that searching to a distance of 4 resulted in the best performance. Vassilvitskii and Brill 6 used distance on the web graph to perform a reranking of search results given that relevant documents link to other relevant documents. This is essentially a single-pair search for n constrained paths through a graph with n nodes. First  , the K-best search is replaced with a search that obtains the shortest path through each node in the graph one for each path. The first query is a general term  , by which the user is searching for the best coffee in Seattle area; whereas the second query is used to search for a coffee shop chain named as Seattle's Best Coffee which was originated from Seattle but now has expanded into other cities as well. These two queries are very similar but mean for different things. The first task corresponds to an end-user task where focused retrieval answers are grouped per document  , in their original document order  , providing access through further navigational means. This led to the introduction of two search tasks at INEX 2006: Relevant in Context and Best in Context  , and the elicitation of a separate Best-entry-point judgment. In this section we present experimental results for search with explicit and implicit annotations. One can imagine  , for example  , that a query like " best physical training class at Almaden " will indeed return as the first hit a page describing the most popular physical training program offered to IBM Almaden employees  , because many people have annotated this page with the keyword " best " . Our first experiment investigates the differences in retrieval performance between LSs generated from three different search engines. We have shown in 21  that 5-and 7-term LSs perform best  , depending on whether the focus is on obtaining the best mean rank or the highest percentage of top ranked URIs. In DAFFODIL the evaluation function is given by degree centrality measuring the number of co-authorships of a given actor  , i.e. MPA can be therefore seen as a best-first search that reduces the number of paths to be pursued to the best ones by applying a particular evaluation function. Such a path is expected to provide the best opportunity for the machine to place its feet while moving with a certain gait over a rough terrain. The commonly known Best First Planning 9  will also be adopted to search an optimal path. In our experiments  , we observe that adding the author component tends to improve the recommendation quality better so we first tune α  , which yields different f-scores  , as shown by the blue curve in Fig. We determine which of the two components obtains greater improvement if incorporated  , search for the best parameter for this component  , fix it  , and then search for the best parameter for the other component. In the beginning we consider the first k links from each search engine  , find the permutation with highest self-similarity  , record it  , remove the links selected from candidate sets  , and then augment them by the next available links k + 1. This method is similar to BestSim method  , but instead of looking for a single permutation with best self-similarity we try to find the first m best permutations. As we shall discuss  , this Web service is only usable for specific goal instances – namely those that specify a city wherein the best restaurant in French. We specify the techniques in a first-order logic framework and illustrate the definitions by a running example throughout the paper: a goal specifies the objective of finding the best restaurant in a city  , and a Web service provides a search facility for the best French restaurant in a city. Over the past decade  , the Web has grown exponentially in size. Since the only task was to perform a real time ad hoc search for the track  , we decided that the task would be best suited by using a traditional search methodology. As this was the first year for the Microblog Track  , our primary goal was to create a baseline method and then attempt to improve upon the baseline. Financial data  , such as macro-economic indicator time series for countries  , information about mergers and acquisition M&A deals between companies  , or stock price time series  , is typically stored in relational databases  , requiring domain expertise to search and retrieve. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first system combining natural language search and NLG for financial data. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that incorporates tight lower bounding and upper bounding distance function and DWT as well as triangle inequality into index for similarity search in time series database. Haar wavelet transform has been used in many domains  , for example  , time series similarity search 11. The idea of heuristic best-first search is to estimate which nodes are most promising in the candidate set and then continue searching in the way of the most promising node. Heuristic search aspires to solve this problem efficiently by utilizing background knowledge encoded in a heuristic function. 2 We make our search system publicly accessible for enabling further research on and practical applications for web archives. For the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to provide entity-oriented search on the Internet Archive  , as the basis for a new kind of access to web archives  , with the following contributions: 1 We propose a novel web archive search system that supports entity-based queries and multilingual search. By taking advantage of the best-first search  , the search space is effectively pruned and the top-k relevant objects are returned in an incremental manner. In the second step  , COR computes the accurate visibilities for objects   , as well as the tightest visibility upper bounds for IR-tree nodes. Description: Given this situation  , this person needs to first scan the whole system to identify the best databases for one particular topic  , then conduct a systematic search on those databases on a specific topic. But s/he has no idea about which of the many possible databases to search. Our results explain their finding by showing that relevant documents are found within a distance of 5 or are as likely to be found as non-relevant documents. For fuzzy search  , we compute records with keywords similar to query keywords  , and rank them to find the best answers. For exact search  , we find records containing the first two keywords and a word with prefix of " li "   , e.g. , record r 5. With an in-depth study to analyze the impacts of saliency features in search environment  , we demonstrate visual saliency features have a significant improvement on the performance of examination prediction. To our best knowledge  , we are the first to use visual saliency maps in search scenario. Since the pioneering work of Agrawal 1 and Faloutsos 2  , there emerged many fruit of research in similarity search of time series. Thus  , it is most beneficial for the search engine to place best performing ads first. As with search results  , the probability that a user clicks on an advertisement declines rapidly  , as much as 90% 5  , with display position see Figure 1. If additional speed is required from the graph search it may be possible to use a best first approach or time limit the search. Obviously there is nothing inherent in each of the factors which determines how heavily each should be weighted  , but this may be established on an experimental basis. While all three access mechanisms were identified prominently in the tutorial—a color  , printed document left with each participant—non-text access required extra thought and work. The GBRT reranker is by far the best  , improving by over 33% the precision of UDMQ  , which achieved the highest accuracy among all search engines participating in the MQ09 competition. First  , we see that all image-based rerankers yield higher values of statMPC@10 than the search engines using text only. The central contribution of this work is the observation that a perfect document ranking system does not necessarily lead to an upper-bound expert search performance. To our best knowledge  , this is the first study of the extent to which an upper-bound limit of expert search performance is achievable when in presence of perfect document rankings. Thus  , to efficiently maintain an up-to-date collection of hidden-Web sources  , a crawling strategy must perform a broad search and simultaneously avoid visiting large unproductive regions of the Web. If the individual rankings of the search engines are perfect and each search engine is equally suited to the query  , this method should produce the best ranking. Note that in this method  , duplicate links are reported only when the first occurrence is seen. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is the first to establish a collaborative Twitter-based search personalization framework and present an effective means to integrate language modeling  , topic modeling and social media-specific components into a unified framework. Moreover  , the user's query has not been considered and thus the methods cannot be readily applied to microblog search personalization. This paper describes a preliminary  , and the first to the best of our knowledge  , attempt to address the interesting and practical challenge of a search engine duel. The approach also substantially outperforms a highly effective fusion method that merges the results of the strong and weak search engines. Since OASIS always expands the node at the head of the priority queue  , it is a best-first search technique like A*. The close correspondence between the search expansion and the suffix tree implies that this step corresponds to exploring all the children of the corresponding suffix tree node. This approach is suitable for building a comprehensive index  , as found in search engines such as Google or AltaVista. 2 If the Web is viewed as a graph with the nodes as documents and the edges as hyperlinks  , a crawler typically performs some type of best-first search through the graph  , indexing or collecting all of the pages it finds. Another approach which is currently being investigated is to merge the graph built on the previous run of the Navigator with the one currently being built. Several research studies 21  , 1  , 5  , 28 highlighted the value of roles as means of control in collaborative applications . To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt for mining users' roles within a collaborative search  , which enables implicitly and dynamically assigning roles to users in which they can be most e↵ective at the current search stage. It makes us believe that a prediction framework based on traditional position factors and the newly proposed visual saliency information may be a better way than existing solutions in modeling the examination behavior of search users. In this paper  , we present a novel examination model based on static information of SERPs  , which has more practical applications in search scenario than existing user-interaction-based models . In the remainder of this paper  , Section 2 discusses related work on expert search and association models. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt to infer the strength of document-person associations beyond authorship attribution for expert search in academia. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first study to evaluate the impact of SSD on search engine cache management. To complement the inadequacy of cache hit ratio as the metric  , our study is based on real replays of a million of queries on an SSD-enabled search engine architecture and our findings are reported based on actual query latency. When more than one task is returned from the procedural knowledge base  , we need to determine which task is the best fit for the user's search intent. Given a task-oriented search task represented by query q  , we first retrieve a list of candidate tasks from the procedural knowledge base that mention the query q in either the summary or the explanation. We extract the search result pages belong to Yelp 2   , TripAdvisor 3 and OpenTable 4 from the first 50 results. This year we conduct a best-effort strategy to crawl online opinions in the following way: We first use the candidate suggestion name with its location city + state as the query to Google 1 it. When searching for syllabi on a generic search engine the best case scenario is that the first handful of links returns the most popular syllabi and the rest of them are not very relevant. The first two results are duplicates  , the third result is 8 years old  , and the fourth is not a course syllabus. The first is Best- First search  , which prioritizes links in the frontier based on the similarity between the query and the page where the link was found. Our second goal is to apply this evaluation framework to compare three types of crawlers. of the measure we want to minimize for configurations inside this cell  , weighted by the average probability for all cells of the graph. Admissible heuristic function guarantees to find optimal solutions  , that means the cheapest 1 path from start to goal node if the path exists. The TREC topics are real queries  , selected by editors from a search engine log. We illustrate the effectiveness of this approach using the first six TREC 2003 Web Track topic distillation topics taking the first six to avoid cherry-picking queries for which our method works best. In this paper we aim to learn from positive and negative user interactions recorded in voice search logs to mine implicit transcripts that can be used to train ASR models for voice queries first contribution . It is also evident that the user interactions during the first two queries could perhaps be used to rank the correct suggestion in n-best on top. Ours is also the first to provide an in-depth study of selecting new web pages for recommendations. To the best of the authors' knowledge  , however  , our work is the first on automatically detecting queries representing specific standing interests   , based on users' search history  , for the purposes of making web page recommendations. One of the first focused web crawlers was presented by 8 which introduced a best-first search strategy based on simple criteria such as keyword occurrences and anchor texts. In this section  , we discuss related work on focused crawling as well as on text and web classification. Focused crawling  , on the other hand  , attempts to order the URLs that have been discovered to do a " best first " crawl  , rather than the search engine's " breadth-first " crawl. " Rather  , any and all newly discovered links are placed onto the crawl frontier to be downloaded when their turn comes. Beam-search is a form of breadth-first search  , bounded both in width W and depth D. We use parameters D = 4 to find descriptions involving at most 4 conjunctions  , and W = 10 to use only the best 10 hypotheses for refinement in the next level. The quality of such rules is expressed with a confidence-intervalP with P = .95  , and the employed search strategy is beamsearchW  ,D. Also  , it is very difficult to search for syllabi on a per-subject basis or restrict the search to just syllabi if one is looking for something specific—like how many syllabi use a certain text book for instance. The first run for list-questions selected the twelve best matching answers  , whereas the second and third run used our answer cardinality method Section 2.3  , to select the N-best answers. The parameters for factoid-questions were the use of hypernyms  , the use of hyponyms harvested from large corpora i.e. , not from WordNet  , and whether documents from the Blog06 corpus were included in the search or not. Because we did not have any ground truth for selecting among these alternatives in the first year of the track  , we instantiated a small crowdsourcing task on CrowdFlower  , 9 in which we showed the annotators questions from the final dry run  , with up to six answers from the six retrieval configurations when two or more methods returned the same answer  , we would show fewer than six options. When we search in old best answers  , we just return the best answer that we find. Using the document option  , the user can browse through each document; information displayed includes the first lines of the documents  , the list of references cited in the paper  , the list of papers citing the document and the list of other related documents. Given a search query  , ResearchIndex retrieves either the documents document option for which the content match best the query terms  , or the citations citation option that best matches the query terms. Furthermore  , all of these search engines Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Currently  , to the best of our knowledge  , all of the existing search engines have been examined only for small and/or unreal data. 2 Based on the documents you've examined on the search result list  , please select the star rating that best reflects your opinion of the actual quality of the query subjects were presented with the 5-star rating widget. While the first question was identical to one of the initial query evaluation questions  , the second contained slight word changes to indicate that subjects should consider their experiences evaluating search results. To our best knowledge  , this work is the first systematic study for BT on real world ads click-through log in academia. In this work  , we provide a systematic study on the ads clickthrough log of a commercial search engine to validate and compare different BT strategies for online advertising. Such useful documents may then be ranked low by the search engine  , and will never be examined by typical users who do not look beyond the first page of results. Unfortunately  , the documents with the best answers may contain only one or two terms from the original query. The standard approach to document collection and indexing on the web is the use of a web crawler. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to use a weighted-multiple-window-based approach in a language model for association discovery. We propose to integrate the above three innovative points in a two-stage language model for more effective expert search than using document content alone. Our primary contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first study that both proposes a theoretical framework for eliminating selection bias in personal search and provides an extensive empirical evaluation using large-scale live experiments. The second task  , namely prior art search  , consists of 1000 test patents and the task is to retrieve sets of documents invalidating each test patent. The first task  , namely the technology survey  , consists of 18 expert-defined natural language expressions of the information needed and the task is to retrieve a set of documents from a predefined collection that can best answer the questions. The first and simplest heuristic investigates estimates of search engine's page counts for queries containing the artist to be classified and the country name. We conducted experiments with various tf · idf variants and found that the following seems to be suited best for this particular task: Our contribution is three-fold: to the best of our knowledge  , this is a first attempt to i investigate diversity for event-driven queries  , ii use the stream of Wikipedia article changes to investigate temporal intent variance for event-driven queries 2   , and iii quantify temporal variance between a set of search intents for a topic. reflect intent popularity over time ? SCUP combines HTN planning with best-first search that uses a heuristic selection mechanism based on ontological reasoning over the input user preferences  , state of the world  , and the HTNs. The task we have defined is to travel to a destination while obeying gait constraints. The branching factor of the best-first search is thus a function of the number of terrain segments reachable from a given liftoff and the sample spacing of the selection procedure. The backtraclking method applies the last-in-first-out policy to node generation instead of node expansion. I f it fails to find a solution  , we return to get the second best marking on OPEN as: a new root for a BT search  , and so on. After the candidate scene is selected by the priority-rating strategy  , its SIFT features are stored in a kd-tree and the best-bin-first strategy is used to search feature matches. In our work  , we use four pairs to calculate a candidate transformation. This research has been co-financed by the European Union European Social Fund ESF and Greek national funds through the Operational Program " Education and Lifelong Learning " of the National Strategic Reference Framework NSRF -Research Funding Program: Heracleitus II. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work addressing the issue of result diversification in keyword search on RDF data. In our experiments  , we test the geometric mean heuristicusinga twostageN-best rescoring technique: in the first stage  , the beam search is carried out to identify the top N candidates whose scores are consequently normalized by their word sequence lengths in the second stage. 3.1  , the geometric mean heuristics as in 6 poses some challenge to be implemented in the word synchronous fashion. Increasing the candidate statements beyond 200 never increases the number of correct patches that are first to validate . Tables 3 and 4 show how this tradeoff makes the baseline SPR and Prophet configurations perform best despite working with search spaces that contain fewer correct patches. By doing this  , we search for a unified set of latent factors that best explains both content and link structures simultaneously and seamlessly. In our model  , we connect two components through a set of shared factors  , that is  , the latent factors in the second component for contents are tied to the factors in the first component for links. She can ask the librarian's assistance with regards to the terminology and structure of the domain of interest  , or search the catalogue  , then she can browse the shelf that covers the topic of interest and pick the items that are best for the task at hand. The user first chooses a library based  on the domain of interest  , then she explores the library. Naturally  , an abundance of research challenges  , in addition to those we address here  , arise. This person needs to compare the descriptions of the contents of different databases in order to choose the appropriate ones. The problem of selection bias is especially important in the scenario of personal search where the personalized nature of information needs strongly biases the available training data. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is the first to generally study selection bias to improve the effectiveness of learning-to-rank models. By applying A*  , a heuristic based best-first search is performed on the extended visibility graph. Finally  , edges are inserted between all nodes of the visibility graph that have direct visibility and are assigned edge costs proportional to their Euclidean distances. A simple breadth-first search is quite effective in discovering the topic evolution graphs for a seed topic Figure 4and Figure 5a. In this subsection  , rather than focusing on finding the single best parameter values  , we explore the parameter space and present multiple examples of graphs obtained with varying parameter values. The subject is then allowed to use the simple combination method to do search for several times to find the best queries he/she deems appropriate. Every subject is first required to give his/her relevance judgements on the results of QA1 and QA2 w.r.t the two information needs IN1 and IN2. In the same vein  , there are several examples of navigational queries in the IBM intranet where the best result is a function of the geography of the user  , i.e. , the region or country where the user is located. , the sales home page for BTO must rank first in the search results. Additional documents are then retrieved by following the edges from the starting point in the order of a breadth first search. The entry point can be directly provided by the user by selecting a document icon  , or determined by the system as the document that best matches the query. Note that although the first two baselines are heuristic and simple   , they do produce reasonable results for short-term popularity prediction  , thus forming competitive baselines see 29. We use grid search to set the best parameters on the development portion  , and then evaluate all methods on the remaining 90% test portion. We assess our techniques using query logs from a production cluster of a commercial search engine  , a commercial advertisement engine  , as well as using synthetic workloads derived from well-known distributions. To the best of our knowledge  , this policy is the first one to solve the multilevel aggregation problem. The first task provides a set of expertdefined natural language questions of information needs also known as TS topics for retrieving sets of documents from a predefined collection that can best answer those questions. TRECCHEM defines two independent retrieval tasks namely the Technology Survey and the Prior Art Search. A control strategy such as that discussed earlier in this section can be put into the ASN as a "first guess'; that can be adjusted according to experience. The ASN has the capability of learning which action search strategy is the best to take given a particular context. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first studying the relation between long-term web document persistence and relevance for improving search effectiveness. These persistent terms are especially useful for matching navigational queries  , because the relevance of documents for these queries are expected to not change over time. Section 3 presents simulation results that show that our approach yields stable system rankings over a range of parameter settings; Section 4 presents next steps. ARRANGER works as follows: First  , the best ranking functions learned from the training set are stored and the rest are discarded. Note that when we plug in the newly-discovered functions into our search engine  , the same rules must be followed. The system eliminates the pixels in the masked region from the calculation of the correlation of the large template Fig.2left and determines the best match position of the template with the minimum correlation error in a search area. In the second stage  , the system calculates the correlation error of the large template using the mask created in the first stage. In the following discussion we focus on the first type of selection  , that is  , discovering which digital libraries are the best places for the user to begin a search. Each of these research problems presents a number of challenges that must be addressed to provide effective and efficient solutions to the overall problem of distributed information retrieval. In this paper  , we present HAWK  , the to best of our knowledge first fullfledged hybrid QA framework for entity search over Linked Data and textual data. Therefore  , a considerable number of questions can only be answered by using hybrid question answering approaches  , which can find and combine information stored in both structured and textual data sources 22. As mentioned before  , the information about the purpose of a website is usually located around the homepage since most publishers want to tell the user what a website is about  , before providing more specific information. In this paper  , we present a novel distributed keyword-based search technique over RDF data that builds the best k results in the first k generated answers. Experiments over widely used benchmarks have shown very good results with respect to other approaches  , in terms of both effectiveness and efficiency. Users tend to reformulate their queries when they are not happy with search results 4. The information retrieval literature is rich with related techniques that leverage query reformulations and clicks in the past user logs  , however  , to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first large-scale study on mobile query reformulations. Since the first strategy in general produces the shortest key list for record retrieval  , it is usually but not always the best strategy in most sit- uations. The third search strategy  , of course  , uses only the cross reference index on the field "COLOR." In our framework  , called RDivF RDF + Diversity  , which we are currently developing  , we exploit several aspects of the RDF data model e.g. , resource content  , RDF graph structure  , schema information to answer keyword queries with a set of diverse results. A challenge in any search optimization including ours is deriving statistics about variables used in the model; we have presented a few methods to derive these statistics based on data and statistics that is generally available in search engines. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that relates results quality and diversity to expected payoff and risk in clicks and provides a model to optimize these quantities. More concretely  , our contributions are:  We propose a mechanism for expiring cache entries based on a time-to-live value and a mechanism for maintaining the cache content fresh by issuing refresh queries to back-end search clusters  , depending on availability of idle cycles in those clusters. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to consider the problem of refreshing result entries in search engine caches. Second  , we will study  , using well chosen parameters  , which searching scheme is the best for frequent k-n-match search. First  , we will study how to choose parameters  , particularly  , the range of frequent k-n-match  , n0 ,n1   , to optimize its performance we will focus on frequent k-n-match instead of k-n-match  , since frequent k-n-match is the technique we finally use to perform similarity search. Through a large-scale user study with academic experts from several areas of knowledge  , we demonstrate the suitability of the proposed association and normalization models to improve the effectiveness of a state-of-the-art expert search approach. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: in the next Section we introduce the related work  , before going on to describe the unique features of web image search user interfaces in Section 3. Note that  , because the probability of clicking on an ad drops so significantly with ad position  , the accuracy with which we estimate its CTR can have a significant effect on revenues. Along the same vein  , a large body of recent research has focused on continuous queries over data streams e.g. , 2  , 4  , 12  , 14 . Tradeoff: It identifies and presents results that characterize a tradeoff between the size and sophistication of the search space and the ability of the patch generation system to identify correct patches. Our approach to the second selection problem has been discussed elsewhere6 ,7. Our experiments in section 3 are concerned with the manual search task on the TRECVID2002 and TRECVID2003 datasets. Our work focuses on two main areas  , the first is devising a method for combining text annotations and visual features into one single MPEG-7 description and the second is how best to carry out text and nontext queries for retrieval via a combined description. That is  , the first X documents are retrieved from the ranked list  , where X is the number which gives the best average effectiveness as measured by the E value. The serial search was evaluated in both cases by using an optimal cutoff on the ranked documents. The main contributions of this paper are: 1 To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work on modeling user intents as intent hierarchies and using the intent hierarchies for evaluating search result diversity. design hierarchical measures using the intent hierarchies to solve the problems mentioned above. The first purely statistical approach uses a compiled English word list collected from various available linguistic resources. In the following  , we provide more details on methods used by the 5 best performing groups  , whose approaches for detecting opinionated documents have worked well  , compared to a topic-relevance baseline as shown in Table 6proaches for detecting opinionated documents  , integrated into their Terrier search engine. We discretize each parameter in 5 settings in the range 0  , 1 and choose the best-performer configuration according to a grid search. We use the first 20% of the NSH-1 Dataset not included in the evaluation to train the parameters and thresholds in HerbDisc  , by maximizing the average F 1 -measure. Omohundro 1987 proposed that the first experience found in tlie k-d tree search should be used instead  , as it is probably close enough. However  , the number of data points that must be examined to find the best match grows exponentially with the number of dimensions in the data. This means that the program generated an optimal schedule with the same makespan in a much shorter time using function h2m. The corresponding operation times are given in Notice h2m reduced the number of iterations quite significantly  , i.e. , 74% less than the case of hlm  , i.e. , the uninformed best-first search. To the best of our knowledge  , this study is the first to address the practical challenge of keeping an OSN-based search / recommender system up-to-date  , a challenge that has become essential given the phenomenal growth rate of user populations in today's OSNs 2. Further  , all of the above mentioned research studies use fixed Twitter datasets collected at a certain point in time. In this section  , we first describe our experimental setting for predicting user participation in threads in Section 4.1. This will enable users to find and contribute to the best threads  , as well as provide the search users with the most useful other users with whom they could interact  , become friends and develop meaningful communications. To our knowledge  , little research has explicitly addressed the problem of NP-query performance prediction. In fact  , according to the report on the NP task of the 2005 Terabyte Track 3  , about 40% of the test queries perform poorly no correct answer in the first 10 search results even in the best run from the top group. We are still left with the task of finding short coherent chains to serve as vertices of G. These chains can be generated by a general best-first search strategy. It follows from observation 3.3 that all paths of G correspond to m-coherent chains. In this work  , we extend this line of work by presenting the first study  , to the best of our knowledge  , of user behavior patterns when interacting with intelligent assistants. All these methods focus on analyzing user behavior when interacting with traditional search systems. In contrast  , the Backward expanding strategy used in BANKS 3 can deal with the general model. The " stand-alone " approaches described above suffered from a key architectural drawback as pointed out by 40  , the first paper to propose an explicit workload model and also to use the query optimizer for estimating costs. The latter idea of using best candidates of individual queries as the search space is valuable  , as we will discuss later. In order to automatically create a 3D model of an unknown object  , first the workspace of the robot needs to be explored in search for the object. The three stages of the Viewpoint Estimator and the Next- Best-View Selection are described in detail in the following. The operation sequence tells the order in which each operation should be initiated at the given machine. One is that it is not necessarily optimal to simply follow a " best-first " search  , because it is sometimes necessary to go through several off-topic pages to get to the next relevant one. Focused crawling  , while quite efficient and effective does have some drawbacks. A search engine can assist a topical crawler by sharing the more global Web information available to it. However  , the performance of the DOM crawler in addition to the Hub-Seeking crawler is significantly better than the Naive Best-First crawler on average target recall@10000 Figure 4d In contrast  , in this work  , we apply a different method of changing the document ranking  , namely the application of a perfect document ranking. They do not report on the users' accuracy on the information-seeking tasks ad- ministered. Their best summarization method  , which first displayed keywords for a Web page followed by the most salient sentence  , was shown to reduce the users' search time as compared to other summarization schemes. To the best of our knowledge  , the SSTM is the first model that accommodates a variety of spatiotemporal patterns in a unified fashion. To handle the aforementioned challenges  , we propose the Spatiotemporal Search Topic Model SSTM to discover the latent topics from query log and capture their diverse spatiotemporal patterns simultaneously. As the level of pruning is decreased  , the search space expands and the time of recognition increases as indicated by the increase in the RT factor. The performance of Rank-S depends on the CSI it uses  for the initial search in two ways: first  , the number of documents   , assuming that a larger CSI also causes a more accurate selection  , and second  , exactly which documents are sampled. Taily's effectiveness was en par with the best-measured effectiveness of Rank-S with P = 0.02 and P = 0.04. To the best of knowledge  , this paper represents one of the first efforts towards this target in the information retrieval research community. We study the problem of keyword-based image search by jointly exploring cross-view learning and the use of click-through data. Next  , while the inverted index was traditionally stored on disk  , with the predominance of inexpensive memory  , search engines are increasingly caching the entire inverted index in memory  , to assure low latency responses 12  , 15. Indeed  , to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work addressing the scheduling of queries across replicated query servers. A number of experiments were carried out aiming at reinforcing our understanding of query formulation  , search and post-hoc ranking for question answering. ranking: how should one rank sentences returned in a boolean environment  , so that the best possible sentences are given first to the answer extraction component ? 2 We propose hierarchical measures using intent hierarchies   , including Layer-Aware measures  , N-rec  , LD♯-measures  , LAD♯-measures  , and HD♯-measures. Note that by construction there are no local minimain the potential field for each tixqi space. A gradient Best-First search is then used to find a path Q  , from the initial point  t i   , qf to the final point t.:  , q:. This results in a fast determination of the shortest distance paths  , which enable the robot to navigate safely in narrow passages as well as efficiently in open spaces. The experimental results here can bring the message " it is time to rethink about your caching management " to practitioners who have used or are planning to use SSD to replace HDD in their infrastructures. Later  , several papers such as 2 and 3 suggested to exploit measures for the importance of a webpage such as authority and hub ranks based on the link structure of the world-wide-web to order the crawl frontier. In our within-subjects design  , the set of 24 scores for each of the first 4 statements about System A was compared with the corresponding set of 24 scores for each statement about System B. As there are currently no commercial or academic crosslingual location search systems available  , we construct a baseline  , using our transliteration system and the commercial location search engines referred to as  , T + CS listed above  , as follows: we first transliterate each of the test queries in Arabic  , Hindi and Japanese to English using our transliteration engine  , and then send the four highest ranked transliteration candidates to the three commercial location search engines. We evaluated the three commercial location search engines  , and here we are presenting as the baseline  , the performance of the best of the three commercial services  , when supplied with the four highest ranked transliterations from our transliteration system. While providing entitybased indexing of web archives is crucial  , we do not address the indexing issue in this work  , but instead extend the WayBack Machine API in order to retrieve archived content. In order to combine the scores produced by different sources  , the values should be first made comparable across input systems 2  , which usually involves a normalization step 5. Furthermore  , they normalize each single search result in isolation  , and do not even take into account if the result is good or bad in comparison to other results from the same engine  , whereby the best result of a very bad run may be assigned a similar normalized score as the best result of a very good one. In particular  , we 1 revise the definition of previously identified matching degrees and use these to differentiate the usability of a Web service on the goal template level  , 2 present a novel approach for semantic matchmaking on the goal instance level  , and 3 finally integrate the matchmaking techniques for the goal template and the goal instance level. Definition 18. Now  , having theoretically grounded – in an ontological key 23 – the initial  , basic notions -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are objects of the continuous and differentiable function of the Universe -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are equally motivated to strive to become better and/or the best I would like to pass on to the problem of the search for information  , having first formulated what information is. Our first research question examined the impact of non-uniform information access on the outcomes of CIR. However  , it appears that reducing access to the collection has little or no effect in terms of unique relevant coverage as statistical test results indicated that for almost every access scenario and search strategy  , none of the access combinations showed any significant difference from the best performing access combinations. However  , the tasks administered to the subjects included both factual questions as well as locating particular pages on the Web  , while our work focuses on finding the answers to factual questions in news articles. The average AP curve for one of the clusters shows a low AP for the first best word while additional words do not greatly improve it. These curves show typical findability behaviors of a topic  , ranging from topics which are extremely difficult to find  , no matter how many search terms are used  , to topics for which 3-4 query terms are sufficient for achieving high AP. The automatically generated textual description of answers enables the system to be used in desktop or smaller devices  , where expressing the answer in a textual form can provide a succinct summary of multiple diagrams and charts  , or in settings where text is required e.g. , in speech-enabled devices  , where the answer can be spoken back to the user. In summary  , the contributions of our work in this paper can be summarized as follows:  To the best of our knowledge  , we proposed the first time-dependent model to calculate the query terms similarity by exploiting the dynamic nature of clickthrough data. Our empirical results with the real-world click-through data collected from a commercial search engine show that our proposed model can model the evolution of query terms similarity accurately . However  , for query optimization a lower bound estimate of the future costs is always based on the best case for each operation  , i.e. , the least cost for evaluation is assumed. If c&h corresponds to the actual costs for evaluating the operations of the first set and costj is a close lower bound of the future costs  , A* search guarantees to find an optimal QEP efficiently. The expertise of a user for a query is mainly considered in this paper  , and other aspects such as the likelihood of getting an answer within a short period will be studied in our subsequent papers. A test image with unknown location is then assigned the location found by interpolating the locations of the most similar images. Instead of determining the correct grid cell and returning the latitude/longitude of the cell's center  , a text-based twostep approach is proposed in 23: first  , the most likely area is found by a language modeling approach and within the found cell  , the best match images are determined by a similarity search. The second pass does not use template stepping and is a refinement step to select the best possible SAD from within the 2i by 2i region. Now that we have calculated SAD values over the image  , we select the upper ten nonoverlapping unique regions based on the SAD metric and perform a second series of SAD calculations within a 2i by 2i search window centered on the regions identified by the first pass. For the second iteration  , we will consider links numbered 2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 from first engine  , 1 ,2 ,4 ,5 ,6 from the second one  , 1 ,2 ,4 ,5 ,6 from the third one and so on in selecting the next best similarity. For instance  , let us suppose that we start with 5 links from each search engine links 1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 and select the 1 st from 1 st engine  , 3 rd from 2 nd engine  , and 5 th from 4 th engine. In a rare study of this sort  , McCarn 9  , 10  , analyzing data of Pollitt 17 on searches of bibliographic databases  , found that a loss-based effectiveness measure was highly predictive of the amount of money a user stated they would be willing to pay for the search result. First  , we need more research into which effectiveness measures best capture what users want autonomous classifiers to do. Re- search Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. How to select the best partitions is well-studied * Work done while the author was an Intern at Yahoo! the top tags in the ranked tag list are the keywords that can best describe the visual content of the query image  , the group will be found with high probability. Since Based on the tag ranking results  , we use the first three tags of the given image  , i.e. , bird  , nature and wildlife to search for suitable groups  , and we can find a series of possible groups. Permission to copy without fee all or part of this material is granted provided that the copies are not made or distributed for direct commercial advantage  , the VLDB copyright notice and the title of the publication and its date appear  , and notice is given that copying is by permission of the Very Large Data Base Endowment. According to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first paper that describes an end-to-end system for answering fact lookup queries in search engines. Comparing with the fact lookup engines of Google and Ask.com  , FACTO achieves higher precision and comparable query coverage higher than Google and lower than Ask.com  , although it is built by a very small team of two people in less than a year. First  , there seems to be almost no difference between the partial-match and the fuzzymatch runs in most cases  , which indicates that for INEX-like queries  , complex context resemblance measures do not significantly impact the quality of the results. This result could conceivably indicate that on average  , traditional full-text text ranking methods are best for XML search at least for documents embedding large chunks of text. The modular design of the ARMin robot that allows various combinations of proximal and distal arm training modes will also provide the platform for the search of the best rehabilitation practice. The ARMin robot that was built with four active DoFs in the first prototype has now been extended with two additional DoFs for the forearm in order to allow training of ADLs and an additional DoF to accommodate the vertical movement of the center of rotation of the shoulder joint. Thus  , identifying the most Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. For example  , a user may search for " blackberry " initially to learn about the Blackberry smartphone; however  , days or weeks later the same user may search for " blackberry " to identify the best deals on actually purchasing the device. The reason why we just use the directed version of the M-HD is that our goal is to check if a pedestrian similar to the template is in the image  , but the distance measure of the other direction may include the information about dissimilarity between non-pedestrian edges in the environment and our template image so that an unreasonable large amount of undirected M-HD occurs. Under-specified or ambiguous queries are a common problem for web information retrieval systems 2  , especially when the queries used are often only a few words in length. While automatic tag recommendation is an actively pursued research topic  , to the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to study in depth the problem of automatic and real-time tag recommendation  , and propose a solution with promising performance when evaluated on two real-world tagging datasets  , i.e. , CiteULike 3 for scientific documents and del.icio.us for web pages. However  , our problem space is arguably larger  , because relevant candidate tags may not even appear in the document  , while candidate queries are most likely bounded in the document term space in keyword-based search. Recently  , the different types of Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. People and expert search are the best known entity ranking tasks  , which have been conveniently evaluated in the Text REtrieval Conference TREC 27 in the past years 21  , 22  , 2. This setup is more restricted than the one we investigate in this paper: we attempt to place test images as closely to their true geographic location as possible; we are not restricted by a set of classes. To the best of our knowledge  , Cupboard is the first system to put together all these functionalities to create an essential infrastructure component for Semantic Web developers and more generally  , a useful  , shared and open environment for the ontology community. To tackle these problems  , we propose a complete system  , based on a number of well-established technologies  , allowing ontology engineers to deploy their ontologies  , providing the necessary infrastructures to support their exploitation  , and ontology users in reusing available knowledge  , providing essential  , community-based functionalities to facilitate the search  , selection and exploitation of the available ontologies. Newton's Laws and Newton's Law of Gravity are the Limits for my One Law of Nature 39. To copy otherwise  , to republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. When a search engine has no or little knowledge of the user  , the best it can do may be to produce an output that reflects Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Our approach is simple yet effective and powerful  , and as discussed later in Section 6  , it also opens up several aspects of improvements and future work aligned with the concept of facilitating user's search without the aid of query logs. As we discuss in Section 2  , though there have been some works in the past that can be adopted for query suggestion without using query logs  , but strictly speaking  , to the best of our knowledge  , this paper is the first to study the problem of query suggestions in the absence of query logs. In summary  , we have made the following contributions: i A new type of interaction options based on ontologies to enable scalable interactive query construction  , and a theoretical justification about the effectiveness of these options; ii A scheme to enable efficient generation of top-k structured queries and interaction options   , without the complete knowledge of the query interpretation space; iii An experimental study on Freebase to verify the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed approach; iv To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt to enable effective keyword-based query construction on such a large scale database as Freebase  , considering that most existing work on database keyword search uses only test sets of small schemas  , such as DBLP  , IMDB  , etc. Finally  , we conducted extensive experiments on Freebase demonstrating the effectiveness and the efficiency of our approach. In this way  , interactive query construction opens the world of structured queries to unskilled users  , who are not familiar with structured query languages  , without actually requiring them to learn such query language. Answers question page in the search results once seeing it. Answers question page in the SERPs  , 81% of the searchers who turned to More likely in SearchAsk queries Words to  , a  , be  , i  , how  , do  , my  , can  , what  , on  , in  , the  , for  , have  , get  , with  , you  , if  , yahoo  , it First words how  , what  , can  , be  , why  , i  , do  , my  , where  , yahoo  , if  , when  , 0000  , a  , will  , 00  , best  , who  , which  , should Content words yahoo  , 00  , use  , 0  , work  , song  , old  , help  , make  , need  , like  , change  , year  , good  , long  , mail  , answer  , email  , want  , know More likely in SearchOnly queries Words facebook  , youtube  , google  , lyric  , craigslist  , free  , online  , new  , bank  , game  , map  , ebay  , county  , porn  , tube  , coupon  , recipe  , home  , city  , park First words facebook  , youtube  , google  , craigslist  , ebay  , the  , you  , gmail  , casey  , walmart  , amazon  , *rnrd  , justin  , facebook .com  , mapquest  , netflix  , face  , fb  , selena  , home Content words facebook  , youtube  , google  , craigslist  , lyric  , free  , bank  , map  , ebay  , online  , county  , porn  , tube  , coupon  , recipe  , anthony  , weather  , login  , park  , ca Therefore  , users in SearchAsk sessions are about twice as likely as in SearchOnly sessions to click on a Yahoo! It was noted that few imputation methods outperformed the mean mode imputation MMI  , which is widely used. With this in mind  , in this study we tested some imputation methods. The second is that no imputation method is best for all cases. However  , the imputation performance of HI is unstable when the missing ratio increases. HI can achieve good imputation results when the missing ratio is low. Rating imputation has been used previously in 3  , 11  , 16 to evaluate recommender system performance. Rating imputation measures success at filling in the missing values. AVID uses an approach which is based on estimating the uncertainties in imputation by using several bootstrap samples to build different imputation models and determining the variance ofthe imputed values. The problem here is determining how good the imputation model is for a candidate point  , when the true global values for this point are not known. However  , imputation can be very expensive as it significantly increases the amount of ratings  , and inaccurate imputation may distort the data consider- ably 17. To overcome the problem of data sparsity  , earlier systems rely on imputation to fill in missing ratings and to make the rating matrix dense 28. For the case that only the drive factors are incomplete  , LRSRI can obtain better imputation results than other imputation methods  , which indicates the effectiveness of the low-rank recovery technique with our designed data structurization strategy. As can be seen from these two tables  , our LRSRI approach outperforms other imputation methods  , especially for the case that both drive factors and effort labels are incomplete. Then  , we separately perform experiments to evaluate the imputation effects of our approach and the applicability of our imputation approach for different effort estimators. Next  , we describe the experimental settings. Rating imputation is prediction of ratings for items where we have implicit rating observations. We implement rating imputation testing by taking held out observations from the MovieLens data and predicting ratings on this set. Obviously  , this does require the imputation to be as accurate as possible. Of these two  , imputation has the practical advantage that one can analyse the completed database using any tool or method desired. In addition  , we find that the performance differences of different imputation methods are slight on small datasets  , like Albrecht and Kemerer. Thus  , LRSRI can achieve desirable imputation effects in this general case. These techniques are listwise deletion LD  , mean or mode single imputation MMSI and eight different types of hot deck single imputation HDSI. 20 perform a comprehensive simulation study to evaluate three MDTs in the context of software cost modelling. This also shows the importance of assigning a suitable imputation method in handling the dimension incomplete data. Therefore  , the imputation method used in our experiment fits better for S&P500 data set.    , where the circled elements are added by the imputation strategy . In step.1  , T h Assistant Array S Many data sets are incomplete. The problem of imputation is thus: complete the database as well as possible. Hence  , how to develop an effective imputation approach according to the characteristics of effort data is an important research topic. Hot-deck imputation HI tends to work well when there are strong correlation between the covariates and the variable with missing values  , and thus it performs differently depending on the correlation structure among the variables. Likewise   , the number of movies a person has rated is a very good method on the implicit rating prediction GROC plot. In the rating imputation case  , the mean rating of a user is the single best predictor for rating imputation according to the GROC criteria. In this section  , we evaluate the proposed LRSRI approach for solving the effort data missing problem empirically. The first says that the imputation methods that fill in missing values outperform the case deletion and the lack of imputation. 2011 25 is made an extensive series of tests with several missing values treatment techniques  , and two interesting conclusions are drawn. The literature on missing data 1 ,12 ,18 provides several methods for data imputation that can be used for this purpose. Points for which the imputed global data has higher variances are points for which the global data can be guessed with less certainty from the local data. The problem of frequent model retraining and scalability results from the fact that the total number of users and items is usually very large in practical systems  , and new ratings are usually made by users continuously. The low-rank recovery with structurized data makes full use of the information of similar samples and the correlation of all the samples. Accurate effort prediction is a challenge in software engineering. Their results further show that better performance would be obtained from applying imputation techniques. Now we will give some detailed discussions on the imputation strategy ϕ and the distance function δ. Therefore  , we have 0  , 1. There appears to be no significant difference among the single imputation techniques at the 1% level of significance. The worst performance is by LD. Approaches to the imputation of missing values has been extensively researched from a statistical perspective 7 ,11 ,12. There is significant scientific work to support this view. First we can remark that the imputation accuracies are generally higher than with complete training data 11 . The results of these experiments is presented in Table 2. 41 developed the cyclic weighted median CWM method to solve Formula 1  , which achieves the state-of-the-art image data imputation performance. Meng et al. Our goal is to guess the best rating. The methods proposed in this paper use data imputation as a component. A good review of these approaches are presented in I. Consider a dimension incomplete data object X obs . Its calculation depends on both the imputation strategy ϕ and the distance function δ. However  , the precision of LD worsens with increases in missing data proportions.   , n |Q|−|X obs | } indicating on which dimensions the data elements are lost; 2. imputing the assigned dimensions according to the imputation strategy ϕ. . Kitchenham 9/0/0 8/1/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 Maxwell 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 Nasa93 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 In addition  , the results in Tables 8 and 9 are also consistent with results in Tables 2 and 4  , that is  , our imputation approach outperforms other imputation methods on specific estimators. The randomized ensemble of EMMI and FC which we shall now call FCMI achieves the highest accuracy rates compared to individual MDTs. For instance  , we can recommend first to users that on average rate movies higher in order to obtain better-than-random rating imputation GROC performance . We feel that in many applications a superior baseline can be developed. imputation  inappropriate. The proportion of customers missing data for the number of port is large 44% and the customer population where data are missing may be different  , making conventional statistical treatment of missing data e.g. That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. As noise is canceled   , the KM-imputed data has slightly lower complexity than the unseen original. However  , through iterative imputation   , KM is able to approximate the KRIMP complexity of the original data within a single percent. The performance of the stacked model does not come without cost  , however. This suggests an opportunity to explore alternative methods of imputation to achieve different feature weightings and reduce learning bias within a stacked framework. In this paper  , we introduce CWM into SEE for solving the drive factors missing problem. The NDCG results from the user dependent rating imputation method are shown in Table 2. For all models we found that 100 steps of gradient descent was enough to reach convergence. In real-world applications we may have data sets where implicit rating observations are available in large quantities   , but the rating component is missing at random. However  , these solutions almost always undermine model performance as compared to that of a model induced from complete information . Various solutions are available for learning models from incomplete data  , such as imputation methods 4. We presented three KRIMP–based methods for imputation of incomplete datasets. The experiments show that the local approach is indeed superior to the global approach  , both in terms of accuracy and quality of the completed databases. All follow the MDL–principle: the completed database that can be compressed best is the best completed database. Without loss of generality  , in this paper  , we assume all imputed random variables are mutually independent and follow normal distribution. Taking missing value imputation as an example: missing values can be represented in the raw data in several ways  , then identified as such and coded as NAs. outliers are at that moment ignored. Secondly  , constructed data quality features were added to the original data and thirdly  , feature selection was applied to the second version to control the effect of adding features 2. imputation of missing values with class mean  , centering and scaling. While missing demographic information can be obtained at a low cost  , missing test results can be significantly more expensive to obtain. The imputation strategy depends on specific application scenarios and is independent of our method. Other strategies for setting mean value and variance can also be adopted in our approach. The NDCG plots for the user independent rating imputation method are shown in Figure 4. The model has a strong bias to put movies with a large number of observations at the extremes of the ranking. Re-designing the aspect model training and test procedure for rating imputation and rating prediction will be a subject of future work. Both methods need to be altered in order to optimize performance on the alternative test. Let's say we are deciding between the heuristic recommender and the aspect model for implicit rating prediction. A similar situation is visible in the rating imputation GROC and CROC plots. Apart from their base statistics  , we provide the baseline imputation accuracy on MCAR data as achieved by choosing the most frequent of the possible values. The details for these data sets are depicted in Table 1. We use the closed frequent pattern set as candidates for KRIMP. From it  , we first notice that KM attains higher imputation accuracies than SEM for three out of the five datasets. The results of this experiment are presented in Table 3. Recent works alleviate this problem by introducing pseudo users that rate items 21  and imputing estimated rating data using some imputation tech- nique 39. However  , it suffers from " coldstart problem  , " in which it cannot generate accurate recommendations without enough initial ratings from users. Semisupervised learning is a popular machine learning manner  , which makes use of unlabeled training samples with a part of labeled samples for building the prediction model 4950. In the effort labels missing case  , since only the effort labels of part of samples are missing  , the imputation problem can be considered as a semi-supervised learning problem. A surprising outcome of the empirical evaluation is the performance of so-called heuristic recommenders on the GROC curves. We have tested these methods on implicit rating and rating imputation tasks while evaluating performance under two different methods of recommending embodied by GROC and CROC curve metrics. However   , through   , δ–correctness we can see that no magic is going on  , as for all datasets these scores actually did decrease ; the incomplete training data hinders both methods in grasping the true data distribution. S&P500 data set holds the typical characteristics of time series and has an excellent correlation between the consecutive data elements  , while image histogram data does not have this property. To overcome the problem of data sparsity  , earlier systems rely on imputation to fill in missing ratings and to make the rating matrix dense 28. c RBBDF matrix Figure 1: An example of RBBDF structure sparsity  , frequent model retraining and system scalability. Consequently   , when faced incomplete databases  , current mediators only provide the certain answers thereby sacrificing recall. The approaches developed–such as the " imputation methods " that attempt to modify the database directly by replacing null values with likely values–are not applicable for autonomous databases where the mediator often has restricted access to the data sources. Alternatively  , missing values can be imputed with several methods starting from simple imputation of the mean value of the feature for each missing value to complex modeling of missing values. If missing values are missing at random and data set size allows  , missing values rows can be discarded. To achieve such high quality imputation we use the practical variant of Kolmogorov complexity  , MDL minimum description length  , as our guiding principle: the completed database that can be compressed best is the best completion. Consequently  , all statistics computed on the completed database will be correct. For the specific case that only the drive factors are incomplete  , we structurize the effort data and employ the low-rank recovery technique for imputation. In this paper  , we study the general missing situation of effort data and consider that the incompletion of effort data comprises drive factors missing and effort labels missing. Number of missing values by row can be counted and constructed as a new feature. Transforming missing values can be done by imputing by mean of the variable and this imputation may be erroneous due to the outliers in the same variable. Thus data problems can intuitively be understood as objects having three distinct member functions: identification  , transformation and feature construction. For instance  , for any candidate point  , if the global information can be guessed from the local information  , then global data about this point is less likely to be informative. Stacked models use the base model to impute the class labels on related instances   , which are then used by the second-level stacked model. These approaches use an imputation model to fill in missing data with plausible values  , which are then used as inputs for the inference model. In practice  , the collected effort dataset may contain missing data at any locations  , including the missing of drive factors independent variables or effort labels dependent variables  , as shown in Figure 1. Their results further showed the importance of choosing an appropriate k value when using such a technique. His results not only showed that imputing missing likert data using the k-nearest neighbour method was feasible they showed that the outcome of the imputation depends on the number of complete instances more than the proportion of missing data. Among imputation techniques  , the results are not so clear. Also  , despite the scarcity of software data and the fact that the LD procedure involves an efficiency cost due to the elimination of a large amount of valuable data  , most software engineering researchers have used it due to its simplicity and ease of use. In this context  , it is important to have schema level dependencies between attributes as well as distribution information over missing values. In this paper  , we are interested not in the standard imputation problem but a variant that can be used in the context of query rewriting. The GROC and CROC graphs together point out that the aspect model has nearly identical global GROC performance to the heuristic recommender while actually recommending to a more diverse group of people . As such  , it may be regarded as a crude form of k nearestneighbour imputation 12 which also requires a distance function on the data  , unlike our methods. It replaces missing records by random draws from complete records from the same local area. From Q  , there are totally C |X obs | |Q| incomplete versions with dimensionality |X obs | that can be derived by removing values on some dimensions  , denoted by Q obs . 5 Obviously  , δ 2 Q obs   , X obs  is a real value for given X rv   , while δ 2 Q mis   , X mis  is a random variable depending on the imputation method. Experiments in this section is to evaluate the effectiveness of our method on various data sets  , and with various Figure 3  , 4  , 5 and 6 show the quality of query result measured by precision and recall. The driving thought behind this approach is that a completion should comply to the local patterns in the database: not just filling in what globally would lead to the highest accuracy . Further investigations regarding the data reconstruction ability of KM were done by looking into the compressed 1 http://www.cs.huji.ac.il/labs/compbio/LibB sizes of the data; To compress the data with missing values   , KRIMP typically requires 30% more bits than it does to encode the original data. Note that some proposed features cannot be extracted from certain large-scale datasets  , e.g. , game posts and stickers are not available in IG L  , which is handled by using the imputation technique 36. We also collect two large-scale datasets  , including Facebook denoted as FB L with 63K nodes  , 1.5M edges  , and 0.84M wall posts 34  , and Instagram denoted as IG L with 2K users  , 9M tags  , 1200M likes  , and 41M comments 35. To leverage this opportunity and address sparseness  , we employ imputation hereafter  , pc-IMP  as we can directly compute similarity between papers and citation papers  , unlike the case of the user-item matrix based CF which requires manual ratings. However  , when the corpus of publications is large  , we can utilize the fact that there are many other similar papers that potentially could have been cited but were not. This is a variant of pc-SIM and consists of three steps: A2.1: Impute similarities between all papers  , recording them into an intermediate imputed paper-citation matrix Figure 3. Obviously  , there are C |X mis | |Q| possible dimension combinations for the missing data elements  , each of which could derive a recovery version X rv . If the specified imputation strategy is: the missing elements follow a certain distribution with given expectation and variance  , then X rv is a random vector 12  , x i 1   , 9  , x i 2   , 40 and X mis = x i 1   , x i 2   , where x i 1 and x i 2 are both random variables following the given distribution. A T-Regular Expression is a regular expression over a triple pattern or an extended regular expression of the form  are regular expressions; if x and y are regular expressions  , then x  y  , x ⏐ y are also regular expressions. is one regular expression defined for the month symbol. For instance  , the regular expression ^Jjan uary ? Regular expression matching is naturally computationally expensive. The ARROW system applies regular expression signatures to match URLs in HTTPTraces. -constrain paths based on the presence or absence of certain nodes or edges. A T-Regular Expression is a regular expression over a triple pattern or an extended regular expression of the form  If  , for example  , an ADT has a domain definition represented by the regular expression "name sex birthdate"  , then the ADT is a generalization of person because "name sex birthdate" is a subexpression of the expression "name sex birthdate address age deathdate which is a commutated expression of the domain-defining regular expression for person. For any regular expression  , we allow concatenation AND and plus OR to be commutative and define a commuted regular expression of regular expression e to be any regular expression that can be derived from e by a sequence of zero or more commutative operations. aGeneralizationa  , b/aSpecializationb  , a: ADT a is an automatic generalization of ADT b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a subexpression of a commuted regular expression that defines the domain for ADT b. Otherwise   , we describe the properties in the regular expression format. If these strings are identical  , we directly present such string in the regular expression. XTM provides support for the entire PERL regular-expression set. This regular-expression matching can be performed concurrently for up to 50 rules. So the extracted entities are from GATE  , list or regular expression matching. We also write some regular expression to match some type of entities . The regular expression specifies the characters that can be included in a valid token. A regular expression is used to segment a piece of text to tokens. Finally  , we summarize these properties in order to generate the regular expression. We distinguish two types of path expressions: simple path expression SPE and regular path expression RPE. The # sign denotes arbitrary occurrences of any regular expressions. A content expression is simply a regular expression ρ over the set of tokens ∆. Content expressions. The PATTERN clause is similar to a regular expression. Each event expression consists of two clauses. This is done by interpreting the regular expression as an expression over an algebra of functions. First the summary function of the call node must be computed from the regular expression for the arc language of the called prime program . Since XQuery does not support regular path expressions  , the user must express regular path expressions by defining user-defined structurally recursive functions. Regular path expression. In particular  , the occurrence of the regular expression operators concatenation  , disjunction +  , zero-or-one  ? Synthetic expression generation. But the problem of automatic regular expression grammar inference is known to be difficult and we generally cannot obtain a regular expression grammar using only positive samples 13  , like in our case. It is not difficult to see that a regular expression exists for the tag paths in Table 1. ADT a is an automatic aggregation of the list of ADTs b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a commuted regular expression of the regular expression formed by concatenating the elements in the list of ADTs b. b: Here b is an ordered list of two or more ADTs. Yet easier  , PCRE the most widespread regular expression engine supports callouts 20   , external functions that can be attached to regular expression markers and are invoked when the engine encounter them. at which character position  an expected markup structure is missing. Thus  , each occurrence of the regular expression represents one data object from the web page. Therefore  , once we obtain the occurrences of the regular expression in the token sequences  , we need to restore the original text strings. The second most matched rule is another regular expression that resulted in another 11% of the rule matches. The most-matched rule is a long regular expression with many alternations that resulted in 56% of the rule matches. For the sketched example the regular expression should allow any character instead of the accent leading to the regular expression " M.{1 ,2}ller " instead of solely " Müller " . For example " Müller " can also be spelled as " Muller " or " Mueller " . As already noted  , a pure regular expression that expresses permutations must have exponential size. By conjuncting these expressions together  , we obtain a regular expression with conjunctions that expresses permutations and has size On2. The code is inefficient because creating the regular expression is an expensive operation that is repeatedly executed. For the above example  , the developers compute the regular expression once and store it into a variable: The obtained regular expression can be applied with the appropriate flags such as multi-line support and with appropriate string delimiters to instance pages to check for template matching. * in popular regular expression syntaxes. For example  , here is the regular expression for the " transmit " relationship between two Documents: Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. The implementation of the regular-expression matching module is described in more detail in the paper by Brodie  , Taylor  , and Cytron 5. This regular expression is then applied on the sentences extracted by the search engine for 2 purposes: i. To handle this 1-n generation  , we found it convenient to code the set of candidate answers using a regular expression. Such a template can be converted to a non deterministic regular expression by replacing hole markers with blocks of " any character sequence " which would be . For example  , the output of the function md5 is approximated with the regular expression  , 0-9a-f{32}  , representing 32- character hexadecimal numbers. The output of some string operations is reasonably approximated by a regular expression. We utilize regular expression matching for both sources of URLs. The former is a more reliable source although mistakes/typos from the authors can occur while the latter relies heavily on the performance of regular expression matching to identify URLs. Each print statement has as argument a relational expression   , with possibly some free occurrences of attributes. The expression " @regexx " evaluates to true iff x matches the regular expression regex i.e. , @regex denotes the set of all strings that match the regular expression regex. For example  , while an expression can be defined to match any sequence of values that can be described by a regular expression  , the language does not provide for a more sophisticated notion of attribute value restrictions. While techniques have been introduced for mining sequential patterns given regular expression constraints 9 ,10  , the expression constraints in these works are best suited for matching a value pattern. For brevity  , we omit nodes in a regular expression unless required  , and simply describe path expressions in terms of regular expressions over edge labels. Regular expressions and XQuery types are naturally represented using trees. An XQuery type e.g. , xs:integer | xs:string* can be represented as a regular expression . Quite complex textual objects can be specified by regular expressions. — The TOMS automatically constructs a recognize function by using a pattemmatcher driven by a user's regular expression13. However  , the language model would often make mistakes that the regular expression classifier would judge correctly. Neither method regular expressions or language model for classifying questions was ideal. The first regular expression to match defines the component parts of that section. Finally  , successive regular expressions are applied from the most to least specific to these sections. in these strings. This subtext is then parsed and a regular expression generated. Table 2 4. Extract all multi-word terms using the predefined regular expression rules. The latest comment prior to closing the pull request matches the regular expression above. for sequencing have their usual meaning. Generally  , these regular expressions are interpreted exactly as in other semistructured query languages  , and the usual regular expression operations +  , *  ,  ? ,   , and . The XML specification requires regular expressions to be deterministic. The regular expression da is also referred to as the element definition or content model of a. Furthermore we utilized regular expressions  , adopted from Ritter et al. indicating an expression of strong feelings. Extraction generates minimal nonoverlapping substrings. Refer to 22 for a Java regular expression library. These patterns are expressed in regular expression. Here are some examples of our patterns: P1. Due to the lack of real-world data  , we have developed a synthetic regular expression generator that is parameterized for flexibility. The construction resembles that of an automaton for a regular expression. Given an event expression  , E  , we now show how to build an automaton Ms. SPE are path expressions that consist of only element or attribute names. As usual  , we write Lr for the language defined by regular expression r. The class of all regular expressions is actually too large for our purposes  , as both DTDs and XSDs require the regular expressions occurring in them to be deterministic also sometimes called one-unambiguous 15 . Note that the empty language ∅ is not allowed as basic expression. Or it may be possible that the required regular expression is too complicated to write. It should be pointed out that some operations sequences are non-regular in the sense that they cannot be specified by regular expres- sions. Most of the learning of regular languages from positive examples in the computational learning community is directed towards inference of automata as opposed to inference of regular expressions 5  , 43  , 48. Regular expression inference. Thus  , semantically  , the class of deterministic regular expressions forms a strict subclass of the class of all regular expressions. Not every nondeterministic regular expression is equivalent to a deterministic one 15. As Glusta also uses regular expressions when the user needs to specify additional fitness factors as in the HyperCast experiment  , we will investigate optimizations for our regular expression matching also. 19  , it says regular expression matching is a large portion of the Reflexion Model's performance. Moreover  , the preg_match function in PHP does not only check if a given input matches the given regular expression but it also computes all the substrings that match the parenthesized subexpressions of the given regular expression. Hence  , we may end up with very large regular expressions. Operation LaMa is the basis for interpreting regular expressions of descriptors. We first tried the regular-expression-based matching approach . Match Generation: There are two ways of doing matching: 1 Regular-expression-based matching: Generate a regular expression from the vulnerability signature automaton and then use the PHP function preg_match to check if the input matches the generated regular expression  , or 2 Automata-simulation-based matching: Generate code that  , given an input string  , simulates the vulnerability signature automaton to determine if the input string is accepted by the vulnerability signature automaton  , i.e. , if the input string matches the vulnerability signature. To this end  , we generate and then try to apply two types of patterns  , expressed in terms of a regular expression: one is aimed at describing author names the element regular expression  , or EREG  , and the other aimed at describing groups of delimiters between names the glue characters regular expression or GREG. and D. Knuth  , Ph. D. "   , a usual case in fields other than computer science. We attempt to extract author names both by means of matches of the generated EREG  , or extracting the text appearing in between two matches of a GREG. Two methods are also given for detecting the data flow anomalies without directly computing the regular expression for the paths. The teehnique's inspiration comes from the use of the regular expression for the paths in a program as a suitably interpreted A expression. During evaluation of this expression  , the descriptor person would only match a label person on an edge. For example  , in the regular expression person | employee.name ? , the descriptors  , the basic building blocks of the regular expression  , are person   , employee  , and name. Like the generic relationship  , aggregation does not have a userdefined counterpart because the user must define aggregation in the syntax. ADT a is an automatic aggregation of the list of ADTs b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a commuted regular expression of the regular expression formed by concatenating the elements in the list of ADTs b. Definition 5. The regular expression r2 = Σ + σ1Σ +   , in contrast  , was not derivable by iDRegEx from small samples. All machines have a nonaccepting start-state. AutoRE 21 outputs regular expression signatures for spam detection. 14 generate signatures to detect HTTP-based malware e.g. , bots. For the example mentioned above  , our code produces the regular expression fs.\.*\.impl. * to handle dynamic inputs. Empty string K is a valid regular expression. Next  , we show how this atomic formula can be expressed in SRPQs. A regular expression r is single occurrence if every element name occurs at most once in it. Definition 3. Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. The heuristic rules allow creating user-defined types. Three runs were submitted for the QA track. We present a relatively simple QA framework based on regular expression rewriting. Works such as 7  , 29  , 23 use regular-expression-like syntax to denote event patterns. 19  , 22  , 14. For every group  , a regular expression is identified. The question type is identified for a group of question cue phrases. Deciding whether R is not restricted is NP- complete. THEOREM 3.2: Let R be a regular expression over alphabet 0. The following regular expression describes all possibilities: By continuing in this manner  , an arbitrarily long connection can be sustained. For notational simplicity  , we assume that each regular expression in a conjunctive query Q is distinct. 2.5. Also relevant are the XSD inference systems 12  , 20  , 34 that  , as already mentioned  , rely on the same methods for learning regular expressions as DTD inference. Hence for most of the paper we restrict ourselves to using approximate regular expression matching 15  , which can easily be specified using weighted regular transducers 9. They also make the agorithms more difficult to explain. A formalism regular expressions for tagged text  , RETT for developing such rules was created. The module is based on a set of regular-expression-like rules  , that match a certain context and replace found erroneous tag with a correct one. This crude classifier of signal tweets based on regular expression matching turns out to be sufficient. Second  , we identify a set of regular expressions that define the set of signal tweets. Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. They address the issue of equivalence decidability of regular path queries under such constraints. A sample S covers a deterministic regular expression r if it covers the automaton obtained from S using the Glushkov construction for translating regular expressions into automata 14. Such a word w is called a witness for s  , t. One alternative considered in the design of XJ was to allow programmers the use of regular expression types in declarations. XML Schema supports a richer notion of types than Java  , based primarily on regular expressions. a feature that is supported by all major regular expression implementations and a posteriori checking for empty groups can be used to identify where i.e. *-delimited blocks of the generated regular expressions can be wrapped in optional groups .. ? The fourth column lists the feature on which the regular expression or gazetteer as the case may be is evaluated. The third column lists some example regular expressions or gazetteer entries as the case may be. Let's start with the weakest template class  , type 3 regular grammars 16The more common regular expression equivalent provides an easier way to think about regular templates. This section defines restricted classes of templates corresponding to the Chomsky type 1.3 generational grammars 1 : contextsensitive   , context-free  , and regular. All 49 regular expressions were successfully derived by iDRegEx. In other words  , the goal of our first experiment is to derive   , from a corpus of XSD definitions  , the regular expression content models in the schema for XML Schema Definitions 3 . Therefore  , we extend the regular expressions developed by Bacchelli et al 4  , 5 to the following regular expression code take the class named " Control " for the example: DragSource- Listener " . The OM regex contained 102 regular expressions of varying length. The format of OM regex is consistent with other lexicons in that each entry is composed of a regular expression and associated polarity and strength. We apply  , in order of precedence  , this sequence of regular expressions to each token from the token sequence previously obtained  , giving us the symbol sequence: x1  , . By using the named entities already tagged in the document  , the system can create a number of actual regular expressions  , substituting suitable types into the ANSWER and OBJECT locations. A permutation expression is such an example. It is well known that adding " and " to regular expressions does not increase the expressive power of regular expressions but does permit more compact expressions see Chapter 3 exercises in 7 . This generic representation is called a Navigation Pattern NP. This generic representation is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links occurring in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages. The items are then extracted in a table format by parsing the Web page to the discovered regular patterns. DeLa discovers repeated patterns of the HTML tags within a Web page and expresses these repeated patterns with regular expression. This generic representation  , is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages. Thus  , we will use regular expressions to specify the history component of a guard. This is captured by the regular expression guard shown at the top of the SndReq lifeline in Figure 1a. However  , regular expressions are not very robust with respect to layout variations and structural changes that occur frequently in Web sites. Several approaches such as 2  , 3  , 11 use regular-expression matching on HTML documents. Second  , some text may happen to match a regular expression by coincidence but still the document may fail to support the answer. First of all  , good answers phrased in unfamiliar terms may not be covered by the regular expressions. Regular expressions were developed to pattern match sentence construction for common question types. We maintained a data store of basic regular expression formats  , suitable substitution types  , an allowable answer type  , and a generic question format for the particular rela- tion. Regular expressions REs are recursively defined as follows: every alphabet symbol a ∈ Σ is a regular expression. In the rest of the paper Σ is a finite alphabet of symbols also called element names. The first one accepts the regular language defined by the original path expression  , while the second one accepts the reversed language  , which is also regular. For each instance of the iterator created for a path pattern  , two DFAs are constructed. The regular expression rules are sensitive to text variations and the need for the user to come up with markup rules can limit GoldenGATE's application. The user  , however  , is free to come up with regular expression rules to mark up a description to any detailed level. One approach for automatic categorization is achieved by deriving taxonomy correspondences from given attribute values or parts thereof as specified via a regular expression pattern. We use regular expression and query patterns or incorporate user-supplied scripts to match and create terms. All the suggestions provided by the spell-checker are matched with this regular expression  , and only the first one that matches is selected  , otherwise the mispelled word is left unchanged. For example  , given the aligned outputs: a λασεν  , b λαστν and c λασ ν  , the regular expression generated is /λασετ ?ν/. Then an XPath with a regular expression that tests if all text snippets with this particular structure are marked up as dates is a suitable means to test whether or not the step that marks up dates has been executed. Further  , suppose that this tool uses regular expression patterns to recognize dates based on their distinctive syntactical structure. For our running example  , we obtain the three regular expressions: We further refer to the hostnames and IP addresses in HIC1. The size of the regular expression generated from the vulnerability signature automaton can be exponential in the number of states of the automaton 10. An XSD is single occurrence if it contains only single occurrence regular expressions. Consider  , for example  , the classifier that identifies SD. Specifically  , positive pattern matches are carefully constructed regular expression patterns and gazetteer lookups while negative pattern matches are regular expressions based on the gazetteer. In other words  , each language described by a regular expression can also be generated by an appropriate grammar G∈C 3 and viceversa . We focus on the least powerful grammar category C 3 and the corresponding language category  , which has been shown to be equal to the one defined by the regular expression formalism. The descriptor is typically a single word or phrase that is compared  , using string comparison   , to the label. A string path definition spd is a regular expression possibly containing some variables variable Y indicated by \varY  which appear in some concept predicate of the corresponding rule. One can express that a string source must match a given regular expression. The best regular expression in the candidate set C is now the deterministic one that minimizes both model and data encoding cost. The complexity of a regular expression  , i.e. , its model encoding cost  , is simply taken to be its length  , thereby preferring shorter expressions over longer ones. Thus  , this regular expression is used. In the case of the tokens in columnˆficolumnˆ columnˆfi75  , notice that the tokens " 8 " and " D " match distinct leafs in the Regex tree and the deepest common ancestor corresponds to the node whose regular expression is " \w " . For instance  , the Alembic workbench 1 contains a sentence splitting module which employs over 100 regular-expression rules written in Flex. The rule based systems use manually built rules which are usually encoded in terms of regular expression grammars supplemented with lists of abbreviations  , common words  , proper names  , etc. Contrarily  , the idea behind our solution is to focus on the input dataset and the given regular expression. Previous approaches 5  , 1  , 6  to solve Problem 1 were focusing on its search space  , exploiting in different ways the pruning power of the regular expression R over unpromising patterns. The property verification is restricted to the users that belong to the specified class  , and that matches the regular expression in the scope of the property. More precisely  , the first part of the scope i.e. , name is the name of a user class as specified with the classifiers  , for instance  , a userAgent  , while the second part i.e. , regex corresponds to a regular expression. For a regular expression r over elements   , we denote by r the regular expression obtained from r by replacing every ith a-element in r counting from left to right by ai. We discuss the latter notion a bit more formally as it returns in the specification of XML Schema in the form of the Unique Particle Attribution rule. We therefore configured the Gigascope to only try the regular expression match for DirectConnect if the fixed offset fields match. For example  , to identify the DirectConnect protocol we need to perform a regular expression match for: However  , we also know that the first byte of the DirectConnect TCP payload needs to be 36 and the last byte 124. This can be useful in representing word tokens that correspond to fields like Model and Attribute. where xt ∼ r means that xt matches the regular expression r. For example  , sd700  , sd800 and sd850 all match the regular expression " a-z+0-9+ " in the pattern matching language. In fact  , a regular expression may be a very selective kind of syntactical constraint  , for which large fraction of an input sequence may result useless w.r.t. If the regular expression matches an instance it is safe to return a validity assessment. This led us to develop a dynamic substitution system  , whereby a generic regular expression was populated at runtime using the tagged contents of the sentence it was being applied to. Each operator takes a regular expression as an argument  , and the words generated by the expression serve as patterns that direct how lists should be shuffled together or picked apart. The authors propose two powerful operators  , called I&-operations  , which are based on regular languages and which define a family of list merging and extracting operations. Regular-Expression Matching: XTM provides the ability to search for text that matches a set of rules or patterns  , such as looking for phone numbers  , email addresses  , social-security numbers   , monetary values  , etc. A wildcard in a regular expression is associated in the SMA to a transition without a proper label: in other terms  , a transition that matches any signal  , and thus it fires at every iteration. To handle these kind of patterns we must allow wildcards in the regular expression. Such a query can be encoded as a regular expression with each Ri combined using an " OR " clause and this regular expression based query can be issued as an advanced search to a search engine. Rn  , where M is the main query and each Ri is a supporting term. The composite query is most useful when each Ri represents a specific aspect of the main query M and the individual supporting terms are not directly related. Context patterns are used to impose constraints on the context of an element. The element content is constrained by a content expression   , that is  , a regular expression over element definitions. This corresponds to a standard HTML definition of links on pages. We used a Perl expression to find all links on a page  , with a regular expression that matched <a href= .. /a>. The difference is that the thing to be extracted is defined by the expression  , not the component itself. The regular expression extractor acts in a similar way as the name extractor. An algebraic system A is developed that is specialized for detecting data flow anomalies. One of the benefits of our visual notation is encapsulation. The regular expression is a simple example for an expression that would be applied to the content part of a message. We note that xtract also uses the MDL principle to choose the best expression from a set of candidates. xtract 31 is another regular expression learning system with similar goals. It is well-known that the permutation expression can be compacted a bit to exponential size but no further compaction is possible in regular expression notation. The straightforward approach of listing all such possible strings grows factorially. We will refer to a triple of such a regular expression and the source and destination nodes as a P-Expression e.g. Then  , we can summarize the paths from x to z as p 1 ∪ p 2  p 3 . Equivalently  , an expression is deterministic if the Glushkovconstruction translates it into a deterministic finite automaton rather than a non-deterministic one 15 . A walk expression is a regular expression without union  , whose language contains only alternating sequences of node and edge types  , starting and ending with a node type. It uses a data model where walks are the basic objects. Concatenation   , alternation  , and transitive closure are interpreted as function composition  , union  , and function transitive closure respectfully. us* as part of a GRE query on a db-graph labelled with predicate symbol r. The following Datalog program P is that constructed from the expression tree of R. Consider the regular expression R = ~1 us . Theregn.larexptekonmustbechoseninsuchawaythat itdefinesaconnectedgtaph ,thatis ,apathtype. A path type is a quadruple G  , p  , s  , F where  Bssentially a link expression LE is a regular expression over class names which must belong to link classes. The state machine inside the rule is instantiated for different client/server combinations and is the rule's memory. An element definition specifies a pair consisting of an element name and a constraint. The offer expression stands out with relatively good precision for a single feature. The results also show that the regular expression and statistical features e.g. , proportion of upper case characters that we tested are not good indicators of spam. We will generate candidate URL patterns by replacing one segment with a regular expression each time. Step 1: Segment the non-domain part of each URL with " / " . From these  , URLs were extracted using a simple regular expression . We used 'http' as the keyword to target only tweets containing links. We now define its semantics. An extended context-free grammar d is a set of rules that map each m ∈ M to a regular expression over M . The terminal symbols are primitive design steps. Williams 1988   , for example  , illustrates how JSD could be defined as a regular expression see  , Figure 9b. Our work is capable of locating more complex properties. When viewed as a specification pattern  , these rules take the form of the regular expression a + b. For guard inference we choose a finite set of regular expression templates . 3 Σ * AB: The last two actions taken are A and B. We extracted around 8.8 million distinctive phone entity instances and around 4.6 million distinctive email entity instances. They are extracted based on a set of regular expression rules. The regular expression in this example is a sequence of descriptors. Recall that ROOTS is the set of edges from ²ÖÓÓØ to roots in the semistructure. ate substrings of the example values using the structure. A regular expression domain can infer a structure of $0-9 ,Parsing is easy because of consistent delimiter. A substring of the elementtext of an HTML tree is denoted as string source. This template can be utilized to identify other classes of transaction annotators. The regular expression is evaluated over the document text. A key aspect in identifying patient cohorts is the resolution of demographic information. Gender and ethnicity is extracted using a set of regular expression rules. Comments represent a candidate items. Useful information  , including name  , homepage  , rate and comment  , should be separated from web pages by regular expression. Both can be applied for annotating a text document automatically. The GoldenGATE editor natively provides basic NLP functionality like gazetteer Lists and Regular Expression patterns. \Ye note that the inverse in the above expression exists a t regular points. The time derivative of the fuiiction is where b is arbitrary. It consisted of several regular expression operations without any loops or branches. However  , the code we wrote for bobWeather was straightforward . We discuss the method used to obtain accepting regular expressions as well as the ranking heuristics below. The final output is the quantified expression Q.g re . In contrast  , our goal in this paper is to infer the more general class of deterministic expressions . Example of the possible rule: person_title_np = listi_personWord src_  , hum_Cap2+ src_  , $setHUM_PERSON/2 Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. We apply the concepts of modular grammar and just-in-time annotation to RegExprewrite rules. We assign scores to each entity extracted  , and rank entities according to their scores. A text window surrounding the target citation  ,  We then wrote a regular expression rules to extract all possible citations from paper's full text. Moreover  , no elements are repeated in any of the definitions. It is interesting to note that only the regular expression for authors is not a CHARE. Results are not displayed in the browser assistant but in the browser itself. This is a database querying facility  , with regular expression search on titles  , comments and URLs. Slurp|bingbot|Googlebot. 2 In addition  , we removed all requests that supposedly come from web bots  , using the regular expression . *Yahoo! For example  , the first row describes an example pattern to identify candidate transactional objects . One path corresponds to one capturing group in the regular expression indicated with parentheses. There is one mapping path in the example. For example  , the Gnutella data download signature can be expressed as: 'ˆServer:|User-Agent: \t*LimeWire| BearShare|Gnucleus|Morpheus|XoloX| gtk-gnutella|Mutella|MyNapster|Qtella| AquaLime|NapShare|Comback|PHEX|SwapNut| FreeWire|Openext|Toadnode' Due to the fact that it is expensive to perform full regular expression matches over all TCP payloads we exploit the fact that the required regular expression matches are of a limited variety. Using this approach all variable matches we need to perform can be expressed as a regular expression match over TCP payloads. The argument to the PATH-IS function is a regular expression made up from operation names. This pattern may be repeated any number of times. Attk is a regular expression represented as a DFA. Sink denotes the nodes that are associated with sensitive functions that might lead to vulnerabilities . The sentence chains displayed include a node called notify method. Thus  , the developer decides to perform a regular expression query for *notif*. Match chooses a set of paths from the semistructure that match a user-given path regular expression . Several new operations are needed to manipulate labels with properties. On this corpus  , we target at two entity types: phone and email. The other characters are used as delimiters between tokens. Internal link checks are not yet implemented. Possibilities are  , for instance  , to use the current projects base URI or regular expression-based techniques. Finally  , all other numbers are identified with an in-house system based on regular expression grammars. Temporal entities and percents are recognized with the Alembic system 1. Possible patterns of references are enumerated manually and combined into a finite automaton. Notice that a regular expression has an equivalent automaton. Intent generation and ranking. We tag entities using a regular expression tagger  , a trie-based tagger and a scalable n-gram tagger 14. Nonetheless  , POS tags alone cannot produce high-quality results. Many works on key term identification apply either fixed or regular expression POS tag patterns to improve their effectiveness . By correlating drive-by download samples  , we propose a novel method to generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs to detect drive-by downloads. A conversation specification for S is a specification S e.g. , by regular expression  , finite state automaton  , intertask dependencies  , etc. Let S = M  , P  , C be an ec-schema. Therefore we believe that the required amount of manual work for developers is rea- sonable. However  , this approach ends up being very inefficient due to the implementation of preg_match in PHP. Changing to the push model would likely require modifications to the notification mechanism. Generating the full question was done in the following way: We start with the original question. and generating full questions is based on regular expression rewriting rules. We use WordNet and some Web resources to find list of entities and tag their type. Think of a tool that marks up dates. Parsing is doable despite no good delimiter . We now detail the procedure used to generate a pattern that represents a set of URLs. In a work by Murphy et al. In the first attempt  , we defined three different detection methods: maximum entropy  , regular expression  , and closed world list. Therefore  , each data category is associated with a detection method. Note: schema:birthDate and schema:deathDate are derived from the same subfield using the supplied regular expression. Creative- Work " implies all schema.org children  , such as Book  , Map  , and MusicAlbum. New features integrate easily through a resource manager interface. REFERENCE The result shows that the structure completely supports regular expression functions and the Snort rule set at the frequency of 3.68GHz. In order to implement the match-and-block and matchand-sanitize strategies we need to generate code for the match and replace statements. Second  , the editing is often conditional on the surrounding context. First  , the string being searched for is often not constant and instead requires regular expression matching. Moves consist of matching case  , matching whole word  , Boolean operator  , wild card  , and regular expression. The " keyword " problem space's states are all search strings and search results. The distribution of hosts in the initial URL set are illustrated in Figure 2 . Rewrite Operation and Normalization Rule. For each node  , both the key-value pairs and the regular expression of the corresponding URL pattern are illustrated. For a variable  , we can specify its type or a regular expression representing its value. The specification consists of two parts: specification of variables and functions. We build a system called ARROW to automatically generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs and evaluate the effectiveness of these signa- tures. Compared to these methods   , ARROW mainly differentiates itself by detecting a different attack a.k.a  , drive-by download. The generated predicate becomes two kinds of the following. Moreover  , these are expressed by the data type and the regular expression of XML schema. Cho and Rajagopalan build a multigram index over a corpus to support fast regular expression matching 9 . The most related work is in the area of index design. defined in Section II-D with each g re from the set of regular expression templates RELib˜pRELib˜ RELib˜p . Having identified a set of constraints This involves redefining how labels are matched in the evaluation of an expression . Second  , path regular expressions must be generalized to support labels with properties and required properties. These candidate phrases could eventually turn out to be true product names. Candidate phrases are phrases that match a pre-defined set of regular expression patterns. * ?/ in Perl regular expression syntax for the abbreviation î that is used to search a database of known inflected forms of Latin literature. /. * ?i. on a Wikipedia page are extracted by means of a recursive regular expression. We are currently working on improving class membership detection. The quantifier defines how many nodes within the set must be connected to the single node by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. A set regular path query Q Ξ‚ Ð R describes a relation between a set and a single node  , based on a regular expression R together with an quantifier Ξ. For clarity we used the types regular-dvd and discount-dvd rather than the cryptic types dvd 1 and dvd 2 of Example 3. Intuitively  , a dvd element is a regular-dvd discount-dvd when its parent label is regulars discounts; its content model is then determined by the regular expression title price title price discount. Regular expressions can express a number of strings that the be language cannot  , but be types can be generated from type recognizers that can be far more complex than regular expressions. The resulting  , much smaller  , document set is then examined with a full-power regular expression parser. Moreover  , we show that each regular XPATH expression can be rewritten to a sequence of equivalent SQL queries with the LFP operator. We show that regular XPATH queries are capable of expressing a large class of XPATH queries over a recursive DTD D. That is  , regular XPATH expressions capture both DTD recursion and XPATH recursion in a uniform framework. In the current framework  , using XPath as a pattern language  , the SDTD of Example 3 is equivalent to the following schema: Here  , Types = {discount-dvd  , regular-dvd}. The quantifier defines to how many nodes from the set the single node must be connected by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. A set regular path query Q ‚Ξ Ð R describes a relation between a single node and a set  , based on a regular expression R together with a quantifier Ξ. The quantifiers define how many nodes from within the " left " set must be connected to how many nodes from the " right " set by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. A set regular path query Q ΞΨ Ð R describes a relation between two sets  , based on a regular expression R together with two quantifiers Ξ and Ψ. However  , RML provides in addition an operator for transitive closure  , an operator for regular-expression matching   , and operators for comparison of relations  , but does not include functions. The core construct of the language is the relational expression   , which is similar to an expression in first-order predicate logic. In general  , l in Definition 3.1 could be a component of a generalized path expression  , but we have simplified the definition for presentation purposes in this paper. Also  , a simple path expression may contain a regular expression or " wildcards " as described in AQM + 97. To define when a region in a tokenized table T is valid with respect to content expression ρ  , let us first introduce the following order on coordinates. ε and ∅ are two atomic regular expressions denoting empty string and empty set resp. A path expression of type s  , d  , P Es  , d  , is a triple s  , d  , R  , where R is a regular expression over the set of labeled edges Γ ,EG defined using the standard operators union∪  , concatenation and closure *  such that the language LR of R represents paths from s to d where s  , d ∈ VG. In practice  , many regular expression guards of transactions are vacuous leading to a small number of partitions. As described in the preceding  , H p is the set of minimal DFAs accepting the regular expression guards of the various roles of different transactions played by class p. Note that the maximum number of behavioral partitions does not depend on the number of objects in a class. An attribute condition is a triple specifying a required name  , a required value a string  , or in case the third parameter is regvar  , a regular expression possibly containing some variables indicated by \var  , and a special parameter exact  , substr or regvar  , indicating that the attribute value is exactly the required string  , is a superstring of it  , or matches the given regular expression  , respectively. They pose requirements on occurring attributes and their values. However  , allowing edit operations such as insertions of symbols and inverted symbols indicated by using '−' as a superscript to the symbol and corresponding to matching an edge in the reverse direction  , each at an assumed cost of 1  , the regular expression airplane can be successively relaxed to the regular expression name − · airplane · name  , which captures as answers the city names of Temuco and Chillan. The query does not return any answers because it does not match the structure of the graph. In particular all of the signatures we need to evaluate can be expressed as stringset1. To do this  , we used a regular expression to check the mention of contexts in the document – that is  , the pair city  , state mentioned above –  , along with another regular expression checking if the city was mentioned near another state different from the target state. We decided not to keep such documents as they could potentially consist of lists of city names  , which we believe would provide zero interest to any user. In this section we will introduce the notion of the approximate automaton of a regular expression R: the approximate automaton of R at distance d  , where d is an integer  , accepts all strings at distance at most d from R. For any regular expression R we can construct an NFA M R to recognise LR using Thompson's construction. The following lemma shows two basic properties of the approximate automaton. Thus we have arrived at the following method for detecting anomalies in a program with flowchart G. Let R be the regular expression for the paths in G. R may be mapped into an expression E in A where the node identifiers are replaced by the elements of A that represent the variable usage. The next section discuss some properties of A; after which two methods of using A are presented that do not require that the regular expression for the paths be computed explicitly. Paraphrasing  , INSTANCE matches each optional sequence of arbitrary characters ¥ w+ tagged as a determiner DT  , followed optionally by a sequence of small letters a-z + tagged as an adjective JJ  , followed by an expression matching the regular expression denoted by PRE  , which in turn can be optionally followed by an expression matching the concatenation of MID and POST. 2 Then we split the text into sentences and interpret as an instance every string which matches the following pattern:  These expressions are intended to be interpreted as standard regular expressions over words and their corresponding part-of-speech tags  , which are indicated in curly brackets. The outcome is that entities which share the same normal form characterized by a sequence of token level regular expressions may all be grouped together. That is  , each of these normalization rules takes as input a single token and maps it to a more general class  , all of which are accepted by the regular expression. Definition 2. Since deterministic regular expressions like a * define infinite languages  , and since every non-empty finite language can be defined by a deterministic expression as we show in the full version of this paper 9  , it follows that also the class of deterministic regular expressions is not learnable in the limit. In the second phase  , navigation pattern generation  , the goal is to create a generic representation of the TPM. In fact  , he showed that every class of regular expressions that contains all non-empty finite languages and at least one infinite language is not learnable in the limit from positive data. Recall that the PATH-IS function accepts an argument which is a regular expression  , say R. It turns out that it has an implicit formal parameter s which is a string made up by concatenating integers between 1 and m. Therefore  , the PATH-IS function really denotes the following question: Does s belong to the regular set R ? q~.0 ,~.l ,. We are however not interested in abstract structures like regular expressions   , but rather in structures in terms of user-defined domains . This is similar to the problem of inferring regular expression structures from examples  , that has been addressed in the machine learning literature e.g. , 20  , 5 . In contrast  , the methods in 9  first generate a finite automaton for each element name which in a second step is rewritten into a concise regular expression. XTract 25  , 36 generates candidate regular expressions for each element name selecting the best one using the Minimum Description Length MDL principle. In examples  , we use the short hand a → r to define the rule a  , //a ⇒ r specifying that the children of every aelement should match regular expression r. Example 5. An SDTD is restrained competition iff all regular expressions occurring in rules restrain competi- tion. A regular expression r over Types restrains competition if there are no strings wa i v and wa j v ′ in Lr with i = j. The present paper presents a method to reliably learn regular expressions that are far more complex than the classes of expressions previously considered in the literature. So  , the effectiveness of DTD or XSD schema learning al-gorithms is strongly determined by the accuracy of the employed regular expression learning method. Without loss of generality   , we assume that the server name is always given as a single regular expression. A server name directive that may contain one or more fully qualified domain names or regular expressions defining a class of domain names. In this paper  , we take an approach of normalizing entity names based on " token level " regular expressions. Each rule is represented by a regular expression  , and to the usual set of operators we added the operator →  , simple transduction  , such that a → b means that the terminal symbol a is transformed into the terminal symbol b. These rules are specified using a finite-state grammar whose syntax is similar to the Backus-Naur-form augmented with regular expressions. In order to study whether those results are meaningful  , we pick the regular expression CPxxAI as an example and search sequence alignments where the pattern appears. The word pairs with highest association scores are {AI+4  , CP+0}  , {PG- 1 ,GH+0}  , {EE-4 ,EL-3} and the corresponding regular expressions are CPxxAI  , PGH  , EEL. The edit operations which we allow in approximate matching are insertions  , deletions and substitutions of symbols  , along with insertions of inverted symbols corresponding to edge reversals and transpositions of adjacent symbols  , each with an assumed cost of 1. Keeping this in mind  , we briefly cite the well-known inductive definition of the set of regular expressions EXP T over an alphabet T and their associated languages: Now we are ready for motivating our choice to capture the semantics of ODX by regular grammars. To round out the OM regex  , regular expressions that simulate misspellings by vowel substitutions e.g. , luv as well as regular expressions for capturing compound morphing are constructed from HF and Wilson terms  , applied to the LF term set  , and refined iteratively in a manner similar to the repeat-character refinement steps describe above. For write effects  , we give the starting points for both objects and the regular expressions for the paths. We use the notation that af denotes the class in which the field f is declared as an instance variable  , and For read or role transition effects  , we record the starting point and regular expression for the path to the object. A good analogy for path summarization is that of representing the set of strings in a regular language using a regular expression. We use the term " summaries " to imply a concise representation of path information as opposed to an enumerated listing of paths. Although the successful inference of the real-world expressions in Section 5.1 suggests that iDRegEx is applicable in real-world scenarios  , we further test its behavior on a sizable and diverse set of regular expressions. Examples of patterns that we used are given below using the syntax of Java regular expressions 9: Essentially  , these patterns match titles that contain phrases such as " John Smith's home page "   , " Lenovo Intranet "   , or " Autonomic Computing Home " . LAt extracts titles from web pages and applies a carefully crafted set of regular expression patterns to these titles. By considering traces that are beyond the current historical data  , the ranking criteria rank impl and rank lkl encourage the reuse of regular expressions across multiple events in the mined specification. With these heuristics we aim for an accurate regular expression that is also simple and easy to understand. Column and table names can be demoted into column values using special characters in regular expressions; these are useful in conjunction with the Fold transform described below. We provide built-in functions for common operations like regular-expression based substitutions and arithmetic operations  , but also allow user defined functions. In 45   , several approaches to generate probabilistic string automata representing regular expressions are proposed. As an example  , figure references in the example collection see Figure 3 are 5-digit numbers which are easily recognizable by a simple regular expression. In cases where the semantic entities has a simple form  , writing hand-crafted rules in the form of regular expressions can be sufficient for capturing entities in the source documents. The authors showed that in general case finding all simple paths matching a given regular expression is NP-Complete  , whereas in special cases it can be tractable. The complexity of finding regular paths in graphs was investigated in 15 and 7. Instead  , for technical reasons  , we define the semantics of an ODX ECU-VARIANT directly as a pair of regular grammars G A  ,G C  generating sets A and C. We generate the domain names for the hostnames and replace HIC1 using the domain names and IP addresses to get the regular expression signatures. Briefly  , the simplest and most practical mechanism for recognizing patterns specified using regular expressions is a Finite State Machine FSM. Both steps rely primarily on checking for the existence of positive patterns and verifying the absence of negative patterns Figure 2and 3. The path search uses the steps from the bidirectional BFS to grow the frontiers of entities used to connect paths. Such queries can be implemented using the general FORSEQ clause by specifying the relevant patterns i.e. , regular expressions in the WHERE clause of the general FORSEQ expression. In those use cases  , regular expressions are needed in order to find patterns in the input stream. Figure 7shows the distribution of question deletion initiator moderator or author on Stack Overflow. We download the unique web pages of deleted questions in our experimental dataset and employ a regular expression to extract this information. Christian   , Liberal  , sometimes we had to use regular expression matching to extract the relevant information. Although the great majority of users simply have the typical religion/party/philosophy names in those fields e.g. For the above example  , the developers compute the regular expression once and store it into a variable: The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. , through memoization 42. The Operator calculates which HTTP requests should have their responses bundled and is called when the Tester matches a request. The Tester is a set of regular expression patterns that match the URL of the first request in an SHRS. Finally  , the Analyzer generates code for the Operator that uses the regular expression http://weather ?city=. So  , the approach determines that h2 and h3 are decisive semi-constant HTTP requests. The input to this pre-condition computation will be a DFA that accepts the attack strings characterized by the regular expression given above. The crucial step is the precondition computation for the statement in line 4. tion is equally likely and the probability to have zero or one occurrences for the zero-or-one operator  ? In particular  , each operand in a Figure 4 : From a regular expression to a probabilistic automaton. Our position is that the declarations needed for regular expression types are too complex  , with little added practical value in terms of typing. For example   , " Sequence<item+> " would refer to a list of one-or-more items.  The output of some string operations is reasonably approximated by a regular expression. Any pushdown transducer is conservatively approximated by a transducer that forgets the stack of the pushdown transducer. Our analyzer dynamically constructs the transducers described above for a grammar with regular expression functions and translates it into a context-free grammar. Then  , the method above is applied for each pattern string. For some applications  , the running time performance of the SSNE detector can be a crucial factor. As we can see  , the proposed approach is an order of magnitude faster than the production quality regular expression solution. Next  , we replace the digits in the candidate with a special character and obtain a regular expression feature. For these candidates  , we first create features based on the terms found in the context window. LAt is inspired by our earlier observation that page titles are excellent navigational features. In order to identify class names in the first group  , we can additionally match different parts of the package name of the class in documents. The regular expression code for matching each part of package names is: Label matching in existing semistructured query languages is straightforward. The label matching operation is then incorporated into an Match operation to match a path regular expression to paths in the semistructure. An alternative query expression mechanism appeared in 3  , where regular expressions were used to represent mobility patterns. When a temporal constraint is empty  , ordering will be implied by the actual position of the associated predicate in the query sequence. As such  , any mapping from histories to histories that can be specified by an event expression can be executed by a finite automaton. Event expressions have the same expressive power as regular expressions. Bindings link to a PatternParameter and a value through the :parameter and :bindingValue properties respectively. Operator  , Resource  , Property or Class and the optional :constraintPattern for a regular expression constraint on the parameter values. We also allow for approximate answers to queries using approximate regular expression matching. Notice that for k = |E| 2   , the approximate answer is equal to the approximate top-k answer. Further examples are shown in Figure 2. No suggestion provided by the spell-checker matches the regular expression generated by aligned outputs  , thus the word is correctly left unchanged. The first case reflects when a correct morphological variant is not present in the spell-checker word list. The creation and distribution of potentially new publicly available information on Twitter is called tweeting. In the data of all tweets  , a retweet can be recognized if it is a regular expression of the kind RT {user name}:{text}. 7+ is the operator of a regular expression meaning at least one occurrence. Since questions are typically one sentence long and contain fewer words than answers  , we only apply pruning on answer passages. The typing rules should be improved to deal with precise type expressions as in the previous version of the  With the improvement  , the function body is well- typed. The an* expresses all sequences that have exactly one ui. That is  , when 2T-INF derives the corresponding SOA no edges are missing. We use the following approach: we start by generating a representative sample set for a regular expression . If f was neither a proposition nor a structured pattern  , we checked how many content words in f had appeared in previous features. If f was a structured pattern  , we checked if previous features used the same regular expression. In addition there are 9 lexicon lists including: LastNames  , FirstNames  , States  , Cities  , Countries  , JobTitles  , CompanyNameComponents  , Titles   , StreetNameComponents. Approximately 100 simple regular expression features were used  , including IsCapitalized  , All- Caps  , IsDigit  , Numeric  , ContainsDash  , EndsInPeriod  , ConstainsAtSign  , etc. These patterns are written in a regular-expression-like language where tokens can be: Resporator runs after the previously described annotators   , so quantities that the other annotators detect can be represented as quantities in the Resporator patterns. For SD the only feature of interest is the objecttext – i.e. , the text that describes the software name e.g. , Acrobat Reader and Chapter . Each pattern comprises a regular expression re and a feature f . The parsers are regular expression based and capable of parsing a single operation. We wrote a parser combinator to parse an SVG path into a sequence of underlying operations . Finally  , a sequence of upper characters in the fullname UN is compared to a sequence of upper characters in the abbreviations. Then  , a regular expression is used to extract all abbreviations from the articles. For instance  , unless in expert mode  , options that require a regular expression to be entered are suppressed. Consequently we introduced a user mode which helps limit the number of options shown  , given a particular mode. LSP is composed of lexical entries  , POS tag  , semantic category and their sequence  , and is expressed in regular expression. The conclusion part is the type of answer expected if the LSP in condition part is matched. For example  , a grammar " Figure 1explains the procedures to determine the expected answer type of an input question. We then generalise the string to a suitable regular expression  , by removing stopwords and inserting named entity classes where appropriate. In this example  , the subject is 101 characters from the answer  , and thus the match is accepted. Tools that create structural markup may rely on statistical models or rules referring to detail markup. NER components  , for instance  , might use word structure by means of regular expression patterns or lexicons. Age and gender: Regular expression are used to extract and normalize age and gender information from the documents and queries. Therefore  , we extract the title  , abstract  , text  , tables' captions  , figures' captions and the reference part from the raw data. In particular  , we are working on incorporating shallow semantic parsing of the candidate answers in order to rank them. An example is given below: The outcome is a value close to 1 if the tweet contains an high level of syntactically incorrect content. In order to recognize those dirty text  , we employed regular expression techniques. For Japanese  , we use a regular expression to match sentence endings  , as these patterns are more well defined than in English. For nugget extraction  , we maintain sentences as the text unit. Allowing Variables. The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. The regular expression on line 546 reflects this specification: '\w' represents word characters word characters include alphanumeric characters  , '_'  , and '. The W3C recommendation for HTML attributes specifies that white space characters may separate attribute names from the following '=' character. Christensen et al. designed regular expression types for strings in a functional language with a type system that could handle certain programming constructs with greater precision than had been done before 23. The nonterminals Attr and RelVar refer to any RML identifier; StrLit is a string literal; and regex is a Unix regular expression. The grammar for a simple subset of RML is shown in Figure 2. anchor elements contain a location specifier LocSpec 17  typically identifying a text selection with a regular expression. An anchor element points out the location in a node's content which is source or destination of a link. Annotations are implemented as anchors with a PSpec that describes the type popup  , replace  , prefix   , postfix and text of the annotation. In our study  , we assumed that the data type and data range were similar to a tag that expresses the same meaning. The multigram index is an inverted index that includes postings for certain non-English character sequences. The main instances of static concept location are regular expression matching  , dependency search 2  , and informational retrieval IR techniques 10. While dynamic techniques require execution traces and test suites  , static techniques are based solely on source code. For patterns longer than 50 characters  , this version never reported a match. One version of the regular expression search-and-replace program replace limited the maximum input string to length 100 but the maximum allowed pattern to only 50. For example  , the user can provide an alternating template representing the regular expression ab *   , a program  , and an alphabet of possible assignments. Most previous work has focused on alternating patterns. Composition operators can be seen as deening regular expressions on a set of sequence diagrams  , that will be called references expressions for SDs. This is equivalen t to the expression EnterPassword seq BadPassword. This means that the server might specify the regular expression deliver sell* destroy sell "   , with suitable restrictions on the sell method's time. Interestingly  , the example in 27 actually states that 'Lafter destruction  , earlier transfers sales can still be recorded " . An event pattern is an ordered set of strings representing a very simple form of regular expression. AOs can either subscribe to a specific event or to an event pattern. pred is a function returning a boolean. x ⊕ y concatenates x and y. splitter is a position in a string or a regular expression  , leftx  , splitter is the left part of x after splitting by splitter. We already mentioned that xtract 31 also utilizes the Minimum Description Length principle. In an extreme  , but not uncommon case  , the sample does not even entirely cover the target expression. Unfortunately   , samples to learn regular expressions from are often smaller than one would prefer. For domains with wildcards  , the associated virtual host must use a regular expression that reflects all possible names. The same check applies to every other pair of IP address and port where this certificate is used. Both their and our analyzers first extract a grammar with string operations from a program. Their analyzer approximates the value of a string expression in a Java program with a regular language instead of a context-free language. The input specification is given as a regular expression and describes the set of possible inputs to the PHP program. The analyzer takes two inputs: a PHP program and an input specification. In this section  , we illustrate our string analyzer by examples. Then  , we can check whether the context-free language obtained by the analyzer is disjoint with this set. This regular expression denotes the set of strings that contain the <script> tag. To give the reader some idea  , the regular expression used for phone number detection in Y! Since productionquality detectors need to handle many cases  , the expressions can become more and more complicated. We use capital Greek letters Ξ and Ψ as placeholders for one of the above defined quantifiers. Like RPQs  , all SRPQs are defined by a regular expression R over Σ. Here are some examples from our knowledge base: These patterns are expressed in regular expression. We obtained these structures from the past TREC list questions  , and built a knowledge base for them. There is some useless information about patients' personal detail in the last part of each report  , so we also use regular expression to get and delete them. This tag will be used when building index. The resulting plain text is tokenized using a regular expression that allows words to include hyphens and numeric characters. We strip away all remaining SGML tags and replace Unicode entities by ASCII equivalents or representative strings. To reduce the size of our vocabulary  , we ignore case and remove stopwords . We have extensively tested all of these in extracting links in scholarly works. Extracting URLs using a regular expression regex is not new and the regex 5 used in a previous study 2  by the Los Alamos Hiberlink team. These keyword-list RegExps are compiled manually from various sources. For example  , if the question category is COUNTRY  , then a regular expression that contains a predefined list of country names is fetched  , and all RegExp rewriting is applied to matches. Splitting is made by asking whether a selected feature matches a certain regular expression involving words  , POS and gaps occurring in the TREC-11 question. Each feature corresponds to a sequence of words and/or POS tags. The system finally classifies a visit as male or female. A gender-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for identification of patient's gender mentioned in visits. In test phase  , the sentences retrieved are spitted into short snippets according to the splitting regular expression " ,|-| " and all snippets length should be more than 40. In training phase  , the sentences retrieved are used as train samples. In contrast to our approach  , the xtract systems generates for every separate string a regular expression while representing repeated subparts by introducing Kleene-*. In Section 8  , we make a detailed comparison with our proposal. We do not address xtract as Table 1already shows that even for small data sets xtract produces suboptimal results. More specifically  , it first identifies all the AB-paths L 1   , . It takes as input a DTD graph G D and nodes A and B in G D   , and returns a regular expression recA  , B as output. This syntactical variety of references is represented using an or operator in the regular expression. whereas a reference to a book may be represented author  , author  ,  * : " title "   , publisher  , year. 3-grams CharGrams 3 comes in third with an F1 score of 95.97. Evidentiality We study a simple measure of evidentiality in RAOP posts: the presence of an image link within the request text detected by a regular expression. the " community age " . To improve the generalization ability of our model  , we introduce a second type of features referred to as regular expression regex features: However  , this can cause overfitting if the training data is sparse. Soubbotin and Soubbotin 18 mention different weights for different regular expression matches  , but they did not describe the mechanism in detail nor did they evaluate how useful it is. 9 noted above is an exception. The confidence of a noun phrase is computed using a modified version of Eq. The regular expression states that a noun phrase can be a combination of common noun  , proper noun and numeral  , which begins with common or proper noun. The path expressions can be formed with the use of property names  , their inverses  , classes of properties  , and the usual collection of regular expression operators. The default path flags string is " di " . As ongoing research  , it is intended to compare the results of the different detection approaches. To display the according occurrence count behind each term i.e. Any regular expression is allowed; this can be simply a comma or slash for a split pattern or more complex expressions for a match pattern. Documents are segmented into sentences and all sentences from relevant documents are used as nuggets in the learning procedure. and at singular points of codimension 1. provided vector U has components outside the column space of the Jacobian. As concepts are nouns or noun phrases in texts  , only word patterns with the NP tag are collected. Such techniques do not really capture any regularity in the paths within a DOM tree. Otherwise  , one can just compose a regular expression by concatenating all the input strings using the union operator. The method is named SMA-FC  , and it performs a number of scans of the database equals to the number of states of the given regular expression. In Section 4 we introduce another method which instead uses frequency pruning. Allowing variables in our method is achieved by maintaining for each token the list of variables instantiated that it contains. Consider the regular expression AxBx: the patterns ABBB and ACBC are valid with x = B and x = C respectively. These operations Table 1b are more complicated than simple search-and-replace of a constant string by another in two ways. The function stop_xss removes these three cases with the regular expression replacements on lines 531  , 545  , and 551  , respectively. Tabuchi et al. the usual queries that a developer would enter in a search engine. swim is a code generator whose input is a natural language query in English  , such as " match regular expression " or " read text file "   , i.e. One element name is designated as the start symbol. It is customary to abstract DTDs by sets of rules of the form a → r where a is an element and r is a regular expression over the alphabet of elements. The coverage of a target regular expression r by a sample S is defined as the fraction of transitions in the corresponding Glushkov automaton for r that have at least one witness in S. Definition 6. In Section 5 we will discuss a possible spectrum of validators . Different solutions can be implemented: from regular expression matching to search over predefined areas  , up to advanced templating on the informative content of a page. So a different regular expression needs to be developed for every target language and region. Clearly  , the phone number conventions in US are different than in Sweden  , but also in the UK. For example  , the following example  , in the pseudo-regular expression notation of a fictional template engine  , generates a <br> separated list of users: The surprising fact is that these minimal templates can do a lot. We consider detection of cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in PHP programs as the first application of our analyzer. To conduct this security check  , we specify the set of unsafe strings with the following regular expression. Part-Of-Speech POS tags have often been considered as an important discriminative feature for term identification. After pruning these signatures with S benign1   , ARROW produced 2  , 588 signatures including the examples presented in Table 4. By analyzing the URLs for the central servers of these 97 MDNs  , ARROW generated 2  , 592 regular expression b ARROW signatures.  The MOP solution can be generated from its definitioa by using the regular expression for the paths. There are two possibilities for such a general solution tech- nique. The usual valid sequence would be captured by the regular expression deliver sell " destroy . Figure 8shows two examples of the kind of regular expression that our analyses accept as input; to conserve space we have elided the JNI strings used to define calls based on signatures. Properties. In terms of the operations discussed in Section 3.2  , the variable has the following mean- ing. This query sets up a variable Name that ranges over the terminal nodes of paths that match the regular expression movie.stars.name. Collapse combines the properties in labels along a path to create a new label for the entire path. The combinator accepts a sequence of such parsers and returns a new parser as its output. Regular expression patterns are used to identify tags  , references  , figures  , tables  , and punctuations at the beginning or the end of a retrieved passage in order to remove them. To solve the former  , they use a simple regular expression matching strategy  , which does not scale. As in our work  , they also had problems trying to extract information from documents and to identify documents that contain publications. Note that  , some references may have been cited more than once in the citing papers. A total of 168 ,554 citation contexts were extracted from the full-text publications by using regular expression   , which come from unique 93 ,398 references. The results fall within our expectations since this is our first TREC participation and we could devote only a minimal number of person-hours to the project. An age-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for the identification of de-identified age groups mentioned in visits. Patient demography identification task identifies patient's age and gender indicated within the visit. Since such expressions often have many variations  , we used regular expressions rather than exhaustive enumeration to extract them from the text. The expression " computer makers such as Dell and IBM " specifies that Dell is a computer maker. Two propositions are considered equivalent if they have the same verb  , the same roles and the same head-noun for each role. The regular expression for word specifies a non-empty sequence of alphanumerics  , hyphens or apostrophes  , while the sentence recognize simply looks for a terminating period  , question mark  , or exclamation point. ENUM " between slashes. All the other classes use internal recognize functions. For example  , the atleast operator provides a compact representation of repetitions that seems natural even to someone not familiar with regular expression notation. SVC is designed to make it easy and natural to express shape queries.  The percentage of white space from the first non-white space character on can separate data rows from prose. All space characters is a feature of a line that would match the regular expression ^\s*$  , a blank line. The user queries recommendations by filling in a form  , indicating a list of criteria. Figure 3depicts an example of a finite automaton for both references to an article in a journal and a book. These ngram structures can be captured using the following regular expression: Feature Extraction: Extract word-ngram features where n > 1 using local and global frequency counts from the entire transcript. To date  , no transparent syntactical equivalent counterpart is known. Further  , the constraint is semantical in nature  , and therefore it is difficult for the average user to assess whether a given regular expression is deterministic or not. Definition 1. Formally  , let r stand for the regular expression obtained from r by replacing the ith occurrence of alphabet symbol σ in r by σi  , for every i and σ.   , zero-or-more  *   , and oneor-more  +  in the generated expressions is determined by a user-defined probability distribution. Our internal typing rules are predicated on the stronger typing system of XML Schema. Some P2P applications are now using encryption. This step uses Bro 27  , whose signature matching engine generates a signature match event when the packet payload matches a regular expression that is specified for a particular rule. This generates more than 1000 examples positive set in this corpus. So we use the following approach: We run the seed regular expression on the corpus and require occurrence of at least one seed term. We also performed experiments to understand the effect of contextual and regular expression features; the combined set performs best  , as expected. These observations are inline with our intuition and due to space constraints we do not include the results here. The operation model offers guidelines for representing behavioral aspects of a method or an operation in terms of pre-and post-conditions. The life-cycle model uses a regular expression whose alphabet reprc· sents a set of events. In one of the examples we analyzed the vulnerability signature automaton consists of 811 states. More details and limitations of this approach appear in the related work. This is not the shortest  , or best possible query  , but is adequate for the purposes of this discussion. Each citation extracted from the publication text was associated with a reference cited paper ID. Usually  , such patterns take into account various alternative formulations of the same query. Once a question class and a knowledge source have been determined  , regular expression patterns that capture the general form of the question must be written. Still  , the results are indicative for our purposes. The search for product names starts with the generation of a set of candidate phrases. According to the age division standard released by the United Nations we make age into 12 categories. Question parsing and generating full questions is based on regular expression rewriting rules. For example  , chapter/section*/title is expressed as a finite automaton and hence structurally recursive functions in Figure 11. By means of the translation method in 3  , one can easily express any regular path expression in XQuery. prepend d to all structures enumerated above } Figure 4:  with values of constant length. For custom parameterizations like the regular expression inference discussed above  , the user must define the cardinality function based on the parameterization. The description length for values using a structure often reduces when the structure is parameterized. Likewise a domain can accept all strings by default  , but parameterize itself by inferring a regular expression that matches the subcomponent values. Value Translation The Format transform applies a function to every value in a column. Taken together  , our approach works as follows. A complex query may be transformed into an expression that contains both regular joins and outerjoins. Finally  , GANS87 does not describe tactics that mix joins and outerjoins  , as we do. of edge labels is a string in the language denoted by the regular expression R appearing in Q. Figure 2: Query to find cities connected by sequences of flights with at most two airlines. However  , in ARC-programs what is more important is the means by which bindings are propagated in rules. Recall that X is the source variable  , Y is the sink variable   , and the variables in v are the regular expression variables. A possibility is to create a regular expression using the recipes as examples. As ωn represents a fragment of one of the source columns B k being copied  , we need a model for the copying operation. Therefore  , we replace the equivalence with a weaker condition of similarity. Also  , the content equivalence condition appears to be too strong as it fails to merge nonterminals whose right parts are instances of one regular expression. The text part of a message can be quallfled aocordlng to a regular expressIon of strlngs words  , oomblnatlons of words present In them. Thls approach works well for text. In this section we employ a graph-rewriting approach to transform a SOA to a SORE. As every node carries a unique regular expression  , we can identify a vertex v by its label r = λv. We experimentally address the question of how many example strings are needed to learn a regular expression with crx and iDTD. Each example token sequence was analyzed with a set of ad hoc features. The test document collection is more than one hundred thousand electronic medical reports. A candidate item is downloaded means web pages related to the suggestion are downloaded. For example  , for Paraphrase-Abbreviation questions for example  , " What is the abbreviation for the United Nations "   , it retrieves all articles in which the fullname United Nations appears. The two NLP tools required by this system are: recognition of basic syntactic phrases  , i.e. For each candidate object  , ObjectIdentifier evaluates patterns comprising features in portions of the web page that are pertinent to the candidate object. This occurs because  , during crawling  , only the links matching the regular expression in the navigation pattern are traversed. Notice that  , in all cases  , the numbers in the " Crawling " column are smaller than the numbers in the " Generation " column. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. Instead of that approach  , domain experts check the correctness and summaries the rules where mistakes happen. In addition  , it extends the lexica dynamically as it finds new taxonomic names in the documents. It is both rule-and dictionary-based  , using regular expression patterns for the rules. Second  , user-defined external ontologies can be integrated with the system and used in concept recognition. First  , we have implemented generic non-ontological extraction components such as person name identifier and regular expression extractor. If there exists an instance with the same name  , the user can tell whether the newfound name refers to an existing instance or to a new one. They are intended to specify the semantics of the path between a pair of resources. Our approach enables users to use whatever tools they are comfortable using. Other approaches such as D2RQ offer a limited set of built-in functions e.g. , concatenation  , regular expression that can be extended by writing Java classes. Generators hold a dct:description  , a sparql query :generator- Sparql and a link to a pattern :basedOnPattern. counting support for possible valid patterns. First  , it can be difficult to find a valid replacement value for a non-Boolean configuration option  , such as a string or regular expression. There are two major challenges that prevent these dynamic analyses from being used. The editor can convert the symptom into a regular expression  , thereby stripping out all the irrelevant parts of the symptom. The symptom is usually an error message of some sort. The former corresponds to method behavior of the GIL0-2 class and the latter to the GIL0-2 collaboration. In these cases  , we suggest that the user should consider data consistency check as an alternative. The domain specification thus defines a value set for an ADT. The domain specification is a regular expression whose atoms are ADTs in the library or ADT instantiation parameters of the ADT being defined. Table 3summarizes the number of HTTPTraces included in each data set described above  , indicating a large-scale evaluation of the ARROW system. For each regular expression in RT  we construct the corresponding nondeterministic finite automaton NDFA using Thomson's construction 13. Note that RT  gives us an effective procedure for constructing the transaction automaton. If none of the above heuristics identifies a merge  , we mark the pull request as unmerged. The regular expression code for matching each part of package names is: This method can also be used to identify classes sharing the same name but belonging to two different packages. In the CAR example  , assume methods to deliver it to the dealer  , to sell a car  , and to destroy it. More detail about the concerns selected is available elsewhere 9. For instance  , one concern selected in gnu.regexp captured code related to the matching of a regular expression over input spanning multiple lines. But even these cannot always be used to split unambiguously. However these tools often require sophisticated specification of the split  , ranging from regular expression split delimiters to context free grammars. However  , to capture semantics  , an expression language is needed  , such as some form of logic predicate calculus  , description logic  , algebra relational algebra  , arithmetic  , or formal language regular expressions  , BNF. Graphs and sets can describe the syntax of models and mappings. PROOF: By reduction from the problem of deciding whether a regular expression does not denote 0'  , which is shown to be NP-complete in StMe731. These fields were identified using regular expression and separated using end of the section patterns. We divide each document into 9 sections to perform fielded search  , assuming that queries contain parts relevant to varying sections in the documents. In addition to the regular expression syntax  , means for accessing WordNet and statistical PPA resolver plugins were introduced. We have developed a comprehensive set of rules for parsing the lexicalized chain  , classifying modifiers by type  , and building parsing tree. Then  , we take all combination of continuous snippets as candidate answer sentences. Surface text pattern matching has been adopted by some researchers Ravichandran & Hovy 2002  , Soubbotin 2002 in building QA system during the last few years. The following regular expression list is a sample of answer patterns to question type " when_do_np1_vp_np2 " . Some questions contains more than one noun phrase  , we number these noun phrases according to their orders in the questions. We modified the scoring scripts to provide both strict and lenient scores. All results  , in the form of question  , docid  pairs were automatically scored using NIST-supplied scripts designed to simulate human judgments with regular expression patterns. 10 reported an ontology-based information extraction system  , MultiFlora. Among other things  , NeumesXML includes a regular-expression grammar that decides whether NEUMES transcriptions are 'well-formed'. NeumesXML is defined by an XML Schema  , which has powerful capabilities for data constraints that XML DTD lacks. We then wrote a regular expression rules to extract all possible citations from paper's full text. In this graph  , we extracted 28 ,013 publications' text  , including titles  , abstracts  , and full text. However  , they do not deal with the latter problem  , suggesting further investigation as future work. Question type classification was done using a regular expression based classifier and LingPipe was used as the named entity recogniser. For each of the questions  , only the top 50 documents were used.   , two extraction components for non-ontological entities have been implemented: person name extractor for Finnish language and regular expression extractor. Expressions can be utilized to find literal values or potential new instances from the document. To avoid unnecessary traversals on the database during the evaluation of a path expression  , indexing methods are introduced 15  , 16. Regular path expressions are used to represent substructures in the database. Consider finding the corresponding decade for a given year. the given regular expression R patterns contained in the sequence. The the main idea is to start checking the constraint since the reading of the input database  , producing for each sequence in the database  , all and only the valid w.r.t. It is typical in the biological or chemical domains  , to have interesting patterns that contain holes  , i.e. , positions where any symbol can be placed. In 14  , the authors present the X-Scan operator for evaluating regular path expression queries over streaming XML data. There has also been some work on the notion of converting path expression queries into state machines has been previously proposed in 3 ,14. The inference module identifies the naming parts of the clustered join points  , forms a regular expression for each set of naming parts  , and finally outputs the pointcut expression by combining the individual expressions with the pointcut designator generated by the designator identifier. The designator identifier in the module identifies the type of designators such as execution and call for the join points. The inference module also provides an additional testing mechanism to verify the strength of the inferred pointcuts. The history in the context of which an event expression is evaluated provides the sequence of input symbols to the automaton implementing the event expression. Since event expressions are equivalent to regular expressions  , except for E which is not expressible using event expressions 9  , it is possible to " implement " event expressions using finite automata. With these operations  , the regular expression can be treated just like an arithmetic expression to generate the summary function  , which was done to generate the table of solution templates in Appendix B. The three formulae shown above define two binary and one unary operation on YxV. The query language is based on a hyperwalk algebra with operations closed under the set of hyperwalks. However  , there is one important restriction of such XPath views: The XPath expression in the comparison has to be exactly the same as the view XPath expression. Note that this type of XPath views can also be considered as a regular value index. The type of RegExp used depends on the question category and may be a simple keyword-based RegExp or a sophisticated multi-RegExp expression. The latter quantity is defined as the length of the regular expression excluding operators  , divided by its kvalue . A final perspective is offered in Table 4which shows the success rate in function of the average states per symbol κ for an expression. This expression can be evaluated to a mathematical formula which represents any arbitrary reachability property. In 11 Daws proposed a procedure to first convert the DTMC into a finite automaton from which it is possible to obtain a corresponding regular expression. In order to translate an extended selection operation u7 ,ee into a regular algebraic expression  , we have to break down the operation into parts  , thereby reducing the complexity of the selection predicate $. The idea behind this rule is as follows: We construct an algebraic expression el representing {To foZ ,/ ?r Future work will employ full multi-lingual and diverse temporal expression tagging  , such as that provided by HeidelTime 11  , to improve coverage and accuracy. For the purpose of this work  , we relied on simple temporal expression extraction based on regular expressions. Daws' approach is restricted to formulae without nested probabilistic operators and the outcoming regular expression grows quickly with the number of states composing the DTMC n logn . Given a regular expression pattern and a token sequence representing the web page  , a nondeterministic  , finite-state automaton can be constructed and employed to match its occurrences from the string sequences representing web pages. Similarly  , node 2 has two children for the two occurrences " B 1 C 1 " and " B 2 F 1 " of the expression " BC|F* " . For samples smaller than this critical size  , the relative frequency of cases where the target expression can be successfully recovered decreases as is shown in Figure 4for the expressions example2  , example4  , andà1 and`andà1 a2 + · · · + a12 + a13 + a14 By precalculating the path expression  , we do not have to perform the join at query time. If we could store the results of following the path expression through a more direct path shown in Figure 2b  , the join could be eliminated: SELECT A.subj FROM predtable AS A  , WHERE A.author:wasBorn = ''1860'' Using a vertically partitioned schema  , this author:wasBorn path expression can be precalculated and the result stored in its own two column table as if it were a regular property. The path expression join can be observed through the author and wasBorn properties. The expression E is then evaluated to determine whether or not a data flow anomaly exists. To estimate the selectivity of a query path expression using a summarized path tree  , we try to match the tags in the path expression with tags in the path tree to find all path tree nodes to which the path expression leads. This explains why nodes with regular tags that represent multiple coalesced nodes of the original path tree need to retain both the total frequency and the number of nodes they represent. For example  , for the context Springfield  , IL  , we would include in its corresponding sub-collection all the documents where Springfield and IL are mentioned and only spaces or commas are in between  , however  , a document would not be valid if  , besides Springfield  , IL  , it also contains Springfield  , FL. The operator  , called Topic Closure  , starts with a set X of topics  , a regular expression of metalink types  , and a relation M representing metalinks M involving topics  , expands X using the regular expression and metalink axioms  , and terminates the closure computations selectively when " derived " sideway values of newly " reached " topics either get sufficiently small or are not in the top-k output tuples. We describe this operator within the context of web querying  , and illustrate it for querying the DBLP Bibliography and the ACM SIGMOD Anthology. That is  , the derived topic importance values get smaller than a threshold V t or are guaranteed not to produce top-k-ranking output tuples. Let lt and ls be two leaf nodes matched by two distinct tokens t and s. The node a that is the deepest common ancestor of lt and ls defines a regular expression that matches t and s. The complete procedure for generating an URL pattern is described in Figure 7  , where the symbol "  " is used to denote the string concatenation operation. This property allows us to find a single regular expression that matches all tokens in a same position occurring in a set of URL. Now  , let us consider the evaluation of assertions which involve the use of the PATH-IS function. If there happen to be seven consecutive ups in the history  , SVL will report this single subsequence of length 7 whereas the regular expression would report six different largely overlapping subsequences; there would be three subsequences of length 5  , two subsequences of length 6  , as well as the entire subsequence of length 7. Regular expressions would not be able to eliminate the clutter since they are unable to " look-ahead " to provide contextual information. If a regular expression matched one or more paragraphs  , those paragraphs were extracted for further feature engineering. stemming and capitalization and then converted into a list of 110 regular expressions  , such as: In this example  , a word with the normalized form place  , view  , or use must occur in the same sentence as tool to collect  , and a word with normalized form inform e.g. , information must occur within three words of collect. To infer a DTD  , for example  , it suffices to derive for every element name n a regular expression describing the strings of element names allowed to occur below n. To illustrate  , from the strings author title  , author title year  , and author author title year appearing under <book> elements in a sample XML corpus  , we could derive the rule book → author + title year ? Schema inference then reduces to learning regular expressions from a set of example strings 10  , 12  , 31. that map type names to regular expressions over pairs at  of element names a and type names t. Throughout the article we use the convention that element names are typeset in typewriter font  , and type names are typeset in italic. Then let ρt stand for the ordinary regular expression over element names only that we obtain by removing all types names in the definition of t. For example  , for the XSD in Figure 4we have It was important to make the best use of the previously tagged documents  , and to ensure that regular expressions used by the system were not too specic as to require multiple expressions for a single question construct. The improvement in 16 requires n 3 arithmetic operations among polynomials  , performing better than 11 in most practical cases  , although still leading to a n logn long expression in the worst case. propose a refinement of the approach presented in 11 for reachability formulae which combines state space reduction techniques and early evaluation of the regular expression in order to improve actual execution times when only a few variable parameters appear in the model. In the right-hand side expression of an assignment  , every identifier must either be a relation variable and have been previously assigned a relation  , or it must be a string variable and have been previously assigned a string  , or it must be an attribute that is quantified or occurs free. This is done by converting the distinguished paths of e1 and e2 to regular expressions  , finding their intersection using standard techniques 21  , and converting the intersection back to an XPath expression with the qualifiers from e1 and e2 correctly associated with the merged steps in the intersection. From arbitrary simple XPath expressions e1 and e2  , we can construct an XPath expression e1 ∩ e2 such that for all documents d  , e1d ∩ e2d = e1 ∩ e2d. We can learn an extraction expression  , specifically the regular expression E 1 = α·table·tr·td·font * ·p * ·b·p * ·font *   , from these two paths. In the DOM tree see Figure 2 corresponding to the Web page in Figure 1  , the paths leading to the leaf nodes containing these text strings are α·table·tr·td·font·b·p and α·table·tr·td·p·b·font  , respectively  , where α represents the path string from the root of the DOM tree to the table tag. For example  , the candidate patterns for URL1 are http : Step 2: To determine whether a segment should be generalized  , we accumulate all candidate patterns over the URL database. Note that when these values get instantiated they behave as terminals. refSch := "$ref": "# JPointer" Table 2: Grammar for JSON Schema Documents strSch := "type": "string"   , strRes  * strRes := minLength | maxLength | pattern minLength := "minLength": n maxLength := "maxLength": n pattern := "pattern": "regExp"  represent any possible JSON document and regExp to represent any regular expression. Question mark applied to an atom  , e.g. , knows ? , in regular expression specifies that the edge is optional. Affiliation of a person to a team is represented with the inteam edge  , and social connection is represented with the knows edge in the semantic graph. In addition the iterative method may be used in conjunction with the prime program decomposition to find the data flow value for those prime programs for which the regular expression has not been pre- computed. The iterative method may be used alone for detection of data flow anomalies for an entire program. The primary ways to invoke the JavaScript interpreter are through script URLs; event handlers  , all of which begin with " on " ; and " <script> " tags. Keywords are not considered to be aliases  , but aliases are considered to be keywords  , and thus the union of the set of alias names and the set of keywords constitutes the keywords for the ADT. Let us assume that the attack pattern for this vulnerability is specified using the following regular expression Σ * < Σ * where Σ denotes any ASCII character. In the rest of this section we give an overview of how our approach automatically detects this vulnerability and generates the sanitization statement. For automatic relevance labels we use the available regular expression answer patterns for the TREC factoid questions. Relevance Judgments In our experiment  , the data are labeled for evaluating QA general retrieval in the following two ways: by using the TREC factoid answer patterns  , and  , independently  , manually in order to validate the pattern-based automatic labels. result page  , but depending on the scenario more powerful languages may be needed that take the DOM tree structure of the HTML or even the layout of the rendered page into account. For example  , a simple choice would be to define the start of each attribute that needs to be extracted by evaluating a regular expression on the HTML of the Yahoo! The designated start symbol has only one type associated with it. For notational simplicity  , we denote types for element a by terms a i with i ∈ N. As can be seen in Example 2  , rules are now of the form a i → r  , where r is a regular expression over types also referred to as specializations. To summarize  , we propose to replace the UPA and EDC constraint in the XML Schema specification by the robust notion of 1PPT. In 3 it is even shown that elr can not be defined by any one-unambiguous regular expression. One of the first works to address abusive language was 21  which used a supervised classification technique in conjunction with n-gram  , manually developed regular expression patterns  , contextual features which take into account the abusiveness of previous sentences. One of the contributions of this paper is to provide a public dataset in order to better move the field forward. We augmented some of their P2P signatures to account for protocol changes and some new P2P applications. Christensen  , Møller and Schwartzbach developed a string analyzer for Java  , which approximates the value of a string expression with a regular language 7. The type system was designed for an applied lambda calculus with string concatenation   , and it was not discussed how to deal with string operations other than concatenation. Unrestricted templates are extremely powerful  , but there is a direct relationship between a template's power and its ability to entangle model and view. For example  , the following example  , in the pseudo-regular expression notation of a fictional template engine  , generates a <br> separated list of users: This would also allow to attach other messaging back-ends such as the Java Messaging Service JMS or REST based services 11. In the rare situation that both Basic-and Extended- Transformers are not applicable i.e. , if the transformation requirements cannot be met by neither regular expression nor XSLT  , the VieDAME system allows to configure an external transformation engine such as Apache Synapse 3. This operation eliminates redundant central servers without compromising their coverage  , and thus reduces the total number of signatures and consequently computationally expensive  , regular expression matching operations. The shared central servers are taken as the central servers for the new MDNs  , while the other central servers are discarded . We have shown that the regular expression signatures have a very low false positive rate when compared to a large number of high reputation sites. This problem is generic to any method attempting to solve this problem and is not a reflection of the proposed system. If we enclose lower-level patterns in parentheses followed by the symbol " * "   , the pattern becomes a union-free regular expression without disjunction  , i.e. , union operators. Similarly  , there may not be one pattern with the highest nested-level in the pattern tree. states from which no final states can be reached. For every m ∈ M   , let Dm be the deterministic but perhaps incomplete  finite automaton DFA obtained from the minimized automaton for the regular expression dm after discarding all " dead " states  , i.e. The second part of the regular expression corresponds to random English words added by the attacker to diversify the query results. An example of a query group is inurl:/includes/joomla.php a-z{3 ,7} Here  , the attacker is searching for sites where the URL contains a particular string. Transitions t chk0 and t chk1 detect the condition under which the matching cannot continue e.g. , waiting for the use of a definition that is already been killed and trigger backtracking. States s0-s3 and transitions t0-t3 are determined from the PATTERN clause in a way similar to that of determining FSM states from a regular expression. The developer can begin investigating efficiency in an implementation of the OBSERVER pattern using this kind of query by searching for the regular expression *efficien* to capture nouns involved with both efficiency and inefficiency  , such as efficient  , efficiency  , inefficient  , and inefficiency. This kind of query is used to focus on a particular concept within a pattern. An obvious limitation of this presentation is a lack of context for a sentence matching a query. Whereas a lexical search typically results in a user sequentially visiting each result in the text  , the results of a regular expression search on a DPRG are a graph that presents the information separately from its structure in the document. The user may also be able to assist in narrowing down the alphabet used for obtaining the basic regular expression library. Apart from such automatic methods to discover guards  , user assistance may be sought at this point to determine ideal guards from a shortlist. It would be easy to retrieve that path by using an appropriate regular expression over the name property in each label e.g. , movie.stars.name. To take one example  , consider the path from &movies through &Star Wars IV to the misspelled value Bruce Wilis. Typically  , ÅÅØØØ first chooses a set of paths that match some regular expression  , then the paths are collapsed  , and a property is coalesced from the collapsed paths. In this section  , the È ØØÓÐÐÐÔ×× operation introduced in Section 3.2.1 is trivially generalized to collapse every path in a set of paths. However  , if the specified transforms are directly applied on the input data  , many transforms such as regular-expression-based substitutions and some arithmetic expressions cannot be undone unambiguously – there exist no " compensating " transforms. The ability to undo incorrect transforms is an important requirement for interactive transformation. XTM includes three search functionalities to address the needs of a real-world search system: exact matching  , approximate matching  , and regular expression matching. Due to the massive parallelism available  , the FPGA can perform the searching orders of magnitude more efficiently than a GPP. The result was a large number of question classes with very few instances in them. Our observations for this outcome include that for the models derived from the regular expression style paraphrases for the questions  , the classes were too sparse as the software developed for this task was not able to generalize the patterns enough. Finally  , it produces and returns the resulting regular expression based on case 4 line 17. It identifies all A j nodes shared by some simple cycles line 13 with L i   , and contracts those simple cycles to a single node based on cases 1–3 line 14- 16. loading a page from its URL  , with a 'caching page loader'  , and respectively finding list of URLs from a page with a 'link finder'  , itself an instantiation of a domain-tailored regular expression matching service but we do not show this decomposition. We then choose context-dependent services that meet the resulting signatures  , i.e. The following are 2 examples of such patterns for age and  , respectively  , ethnicity classification: We were able to determine the ethnicity of less than 0.1% users and to find the gender of 80%  , but with very low accuracy . We then matched more than 30 regular expression patterns over the bio field to check if they are effective in extracting classification information. These include the categorization of content instances along given taxonomies  , the creation of taxonomies from given content attribute values  , and the extension of taxonomies by generating more general terms. In more complex cases  , methods of machine learning can be deployed to infer entity annotation rules. Despite its relatively short history  , eXist has already been successfully used in a number of commercial and non-commercial projects. Particularly useful for SozioNet  , eXist also offers query language extensions for index-based keyword searches  , queries on the proximity of terms  , or regular expression based search patterns. The matching check is performed using a non-deterministic finite state machine FSM technique similar to that used in regular expression matching 26. One by one  , each protein in the database is retrieved  , its secondary structure is scanned  , and its information is returned if the secondary structure matches the query sequence. Each secondary structure is input to the FSM one character at a time until either the machine enters a final matching state or it is determined that the input sequence does not match the query sequence. The snapshot  , in contrast  , requires heavy computation even for TempIndex. Although in ToXin we can narrow the search by following only those label paths that match the regular expression in the query  , we still have to compute all continuous paths over them. These common data types are used across different domains and only require one-time static setup– e.g. , writing regular expression scripts to parse the input data and recognize the existence of each feature in the input. In our current design  , except the literal words  , we also adopt common data types  , such as integer   , float  , month  , date and time  , as the features. The highways themselves are defined to be paths over section M@!LEtWltidythe~~behiaddrekeywordoSiS a regular expression &fining a path type which in turn describesasetofpathsofthedambasegraph. Pathtypes alemaeintereshingwheadiff~ttofedgesoccluin agraph. Wewillseeexamplesandamoreprecisedefinition below. Inde&thesecanalsobe'~ " verrexob~tsasnodesin the grapk they are useful to sepamte highway sections with diffmt values of au&l&%3 such as noJunes. There exist two large classes of the SBD systems: rule based and machine learning. We then extracted noun phrases by running a shallow part of speech tagger191  , and labeling as a noun phrase any groups of words of length less than six which matched the regular expression NounlAdjective*Noun. BBN supplied us with an annotated version of the English language portion  , where named entities were marked by the Nymble tagger3  , which identified 184 ,723 unique named entities. For purposes of this research white space is any character matching the regular expression " \s " as defined in the Java pattern class. Common uses are to separate table cells  , indent titles  , indent sub-section data rows and to provide a separation between lines of text. For the non-number entities  , a regular expression is used for each class to search the text for entities. Once the number has been identified  , it is tagged with a NUMEX tag  , and the type field of this tag is set with the appropriate name Figure 6. The product class  , in itself  , is a heterogeneous mix of multiple classes  , depending on the categories they belong to. However  , for this task  , we decided to go with the simpler approach of applying a general set of rules that would capture most common product names with refinement steps specific to the matched regular expression pattern. These questions can be answered by writing a schema that uses information found within the CIA World Factbook. character also deenes a sentence boundary unless the word token appears on a list of 206 common abbreviations or satisses the following awk regular expression: ^A-Za-zzz. A-Za-zzz.+||A-ZZ.||A-Zbcdfghj-np-tvxzz++.$$ The tokenizing routine is applied to each of the top ranked documents to divide it into "sentences". The "." This years' performance reects the addition of the automated expression system  , and the corresponding increase in the 4  , which we feel would be a benecial addition to the overall system architecture. The 2003 results were hindered by the limited development time  , which meant regular expressions were only created for a small subset of question types. They are comprised of cascades of regular expression patterns   , that capture among other things: base noun phrases  , single-level  , two-level  , and recursive noun phrases  , prepositional phrases  , relative clauses  , and tensed verbs with modals. Hildebrandt et al. , 2004 This year we have sixteen classes of patterns. We use a regular expression pattern to test if the document text contains parts that might be geo-coordinates  , but are not marked up accordingly. Thus  , it is not sufficient to check for the presence of respective markup elements to find out if the respective markup step is complete or not. One of the learned lessons of the previous experiments was that the regular expression RegExp substitutions are a very succinct  , efficient  , maintainable  , and scalable method to model many NL subtasks of the QA task. Two novel methods that were explored relied on the notions of modularity and just-in-time sub-grammar extraction. Additionally  , as the result of parsing the questions  , we obtain question category i.e. , the expected answer type  , and some other optional information  , such as type of the relation between the target and the answer. In the case of merger and acquisition deals  , we also identify companies  , names of financial advisors such as investment banks  , dates  , industry sectors. That is  , HybridSeg RW performed better than GlobalSeg RW and HybridSeg POS performed better than GlobalSeg POS on all evaluation metrics. These searching functions are rarely used on the Internet environment; the improvement is seldom used in the Internet. Some string-index technologies  , such as PAT-tree  1 I  , are proposed to improve the performance of various search functions  , such as prefix searching  , proximity searching  , range searching  , longest repetition searching  , most significant and most frequent searching  , and regular expression searching lo. We then ran the test concretely with each segment as the input file and compared its result with the result of the known correct version of grep on the same segment and the same regular expression. For each failing test  , we split the input file into segments comprising 500 lines each. We identified the segment on which the two outputs differed. Observe that this pattern of object creation  , method invocation and field accesses  , summarized as Regex. Matchstring; if getMatch. Success { getMatch. Groups }  , is a common way to use the Match type: the Match. Groups field is only relevant if the input string matched the regular expression  , given by the field Match. Success. Next  , the Groups property of the object is accessed depending on the value of Success. To avoid ambiguity  , we insist that an atom in a domain specification be mentioned at most once. A particular value in the value set is obtained by selecting an ADT for each generic type parameter and a value for each generic value parameter  , expanding the regular expression so that it contains only atoms  , and replacing each atom with a value instance from its ADT. We have also manually investigated many of the signatures and found that they appear to be malicious. Initial template is constructed based on structure of one page and then it is generalized over set of pages by adding set of operators   , if the pages are structurally dissimilar. Template similar to 1  , is a tree-based regular expression learnt over set of structures of pages within a site. These properties may be written in a number of different specification formalisms  , such as temporal logics  , graphical finite-state machines  , or regular expression notations  , depending on the finite-state verification system that is being employed. Instead of specifying the full behavior of the system  , each property may focus on one particular aspect of system behavior. Although there are sometimes theoretical differences in the expressive power of these languages  , these differences are rarely encountered in practice. Method gives access to the methods provided by a compo- nent. These queries range from retrieving all features of an instance to fine-grained queries like searching for all methods that have a particular return type and whose names match a regular expression. This feature container provides standardized means to add and remove features  , and allows queries for a particular feature. Their work is similar to the CA-FSM presented in this paper  , but they handle a wider class of queries  , including those with references. Once all chapter3 elements and figure elements are found  , those two element sets can be joined to produce all qualified chapter3-figure element pairs. For example  , a query with a regular path expression " chapter3/ */figure " is to find all figure elements that are included in chapter3 elements. The first string of the pattern i.e. , the pattern name may end with an asterisk  , while the other strings are either standard strings or strings composed of the single character '_'. If a participant performed a pattern-level query either a regular expression search or a node expansion on a node that was not included in the link level  , the corresponding dot is shown within the pattern-level only. The location of a dot in the graph is based on the type of query that was performed. Expansion of pattern level nodes in the link level are shown in the upper link level area. We check every answer's text body  , and if the text matches one of the answer patterns  , we consider the answer text to be relevant  , and non-relevant otherwise. First  , the extraction rules themselves are expressed in terms of some underlying language that needs to be powerful enough to capture the scenario. The linked geo data extension is implemented in Triplify by using a configuration with regular expression URL patterns which extract the geo coordinates  , radius and optionally a property with associated value and insert this information into an SQL query for retrieving corresponding points of interest. How to publish geo‐data using Triplify ? Densityr #regex successes rate 0.0  , 0.2  Experiments on partially covering samples. The coverage of a target regular expression r by a sample S is defined as the fraction of transitions in the corresponding Glushkov automaton for r that have at least one witness in S. Each rule is structured as: Pattern  , Constraint  , Priority  , where Pattern is a regular expression containing a causality connector  , Constraint is a syntactic constraint on the sentence on which the pattern can be applied  , and Priority is the priority of the rule if several rules can be matched. We constructed a set of rules for extracting a causality pair. Thus  , the crawler follows more links from relevant pages which are estimated by a binary classifier that uses keyword and regular expression matchings. Its crawling strategy is based on the intuition that relevant pages on the topic likely contain links to other pages on the same topic. If the content of a file is needed for character string operations such as a regular expression operation with the preg_match extension  , an FTCS object actually reads the file and stores its content in a form similar to an ordinary character string object. This implementation is transparent to the application program  , and has the same semantics as an ordinary character string object. Example 7 illustrates this for geo-coordinates; we have used the same approach for dates. ■ Second  , to check if a step that marks up distinctively structured parts of the text is complete  , we can use regular expression patterns: The respective XPath test can check if a piece of the document text matches a specific pattern  , but is not marked up accordingly . Summary. The Litowski files contain two pieces of information useful to evaluation: the documents from which answers are derived  , and an answer " pattern "   , expressed as a regular expression  , that maps to a specific answer or set of answers that can be found in the relevant documents. The latter helped us identify relevant documents and passages in the Aquaint documents. Parsing the topic question into relevant entities was done using a set of hand crafted regular expressions. The first step parsed the topic text into a set of relevant string entities and entity types  , the second step expanded entities with synonymous terms  , and the third step created a Boolean query expression from the resulting lists of terms. The next step  , they ranked the entity based on similarity of the candidate entities and the target entity. In the first step  , they utilized the 'target entity to retrieve web documents  , and then by using regular expression they retrieved the candidates from the text of the web documents. The link between a question and the production of the KDB component may be seen as a relation more than a function since the output may be multiple. At the third step  , based on normalization dictionary Qnorm dic and WordNet  , each word in a question is converted into LSP code to be matched with the condition part of LSP grammar by regular expression. " will be POSITION  , which means the position of Cleveland i.e. , president will be an answer. Part-of-speech groups in close proximity to the answer  , which correlate to the question text are kept to ensure the meaning is retained: We then generalise the string to a suitable regular expression  , by removing stopwords and inserting named entity classes where appropriate. An approach that requires substantial manual knowledge engineering such as creating/editing an ontology  , compiling/revising a lexicon  , or crafting regular expression patterns/grammar rules is obviously limited in its accessibility  , especially if such work has to be repeated for every collection of descriptions. It is desirable to have an automated way to discover these terms. One of the learned lessons of the previous experiments was that the regular expression RegEx substitutions are a very succinct  , efficient  , maintainable  , and scalable method to model many NL subtasks of the QA task. For voice and plctures  , however  , patterns are not easy to detlne and they often require compllcated and tlmd oonsumlng pattern recognltlon technlauss rRsdd76. Instead  , our approach maps a recursive navigation into a function call to a structurally recursive function by means of the translation method presented in 3 for a regular path expression. The XQuery core's approach to support recursive navigation is based on the built-in descendant-or-self function and the internal typing function recfactor as we have already seen in Section 2. For example  , we can think of a query //title as a nondeterministic finite automaton depicted in Figure 8  , and define two structurally recursive functions from the automaton. There are two cases to consider  , corresponding to whether source or persistent variables are bound in a query to an ARC-program. A consequence of this is that all regular expression variables appear in the head of any base rule. In this way  , the adorned program mirrors the way the ARC-program was constructed from the corresponding GRE query  , except that bound variables are now propagated top-down rather than bottom-up. The white space features:  At least four consecutive white space characters are found in data rows  , separating row headers from data  , and in titles that are centered. It enables users to invoke arbitrary computation using their favorite tools to define data-dependent aspects of the mapping that cannot be cleanly represented in declarative representations. Another ap- proach 19 is to learn regular expression-like rules for data in each column and use these expressions to recognize new examples. Schema matching techniques have also been used to identify the semantic types of columns by comparing them with labeled columns 10 . For example  , the rewriting rule In some patterns  , the answer type is represented by one of the match constituents in the regular expression instead of one of the standard types  , e.g. Each of the rewriting patterns contains a * symbol  , which encodes the required position of the answer in the text with respect to the pattern. Table 3shows our findings for the protein ferredoxin protein data bank ID 1DUR  , formerly 1FDX that shows two occurrences of this pattern. Documents were only allowed to appear in one category. The nature of the CSIRO corpus allowed us to carry out genre identification into a small number of interesting categories people  , projects  , media releases  , publications  , biographies  , feature articles  , podcasts  , using some simple regular expression matches over URLs and document texts. When preparing a dynamic aspect  , the expression of the pointcut as well as the content of the interceptor depends on the type of the role interactions. Thirdly  , the program which instantiates a variability-related role should be encapsulated as an interceptor which is a regular Java class and implements the Interceptor interface. In 2  Angluin showed that the problem of learning a regular expression of minimum size from positive and negative examples is NP-complete. Gold 9  showed that the problem of inferring a DFA of minimum size from positive examples is NP-complete. No data type exists to speak of  , with the exception of strings  , whitespace-free strings  , and enumerations of strings. DTDs provide a sophisticated regular expression language for imposing constraints on elements and subelements the so-called content model   , but are very limited in the control of attributes and data elements. Figure 6shows the web page screenshots of – i question deleted by moderator left and ii question deleted by author right. In spite of its reasonably acceptable performance  , it has an important drawback as a relevant page on the topic might be hardly reachable when this page is not pointed by pages relevant to the topic. Second  , automatically checking program outcomes requires a testing oracle  , which is often not available in practice  , and end-users should not be expected to provide it. In 16 Hahn et al. An example is given at the beginning o section 4. method is described in  13; the algebra A itself is a contribution of this paper. However  , when one knows the primes that make up the program in advance such as with a gotoless programming language  , there is no need to compute the regular expression explicitly . That is  , 211 for x  , 041 for y  , and 211 for z  , which is the same answer arrived at above. This may be explained by Teleport's incorporation of both HTML tag parsing and regular expression-matching mechanisms  , as well as its ability to statically parse Javascripts and to generate simple form submission patterns for URL discovery. Teleport 62 proved to be the most thorough of a group of crawlers that included WebSphinx 38  , Larbin 56  , and Web-Glimpse 35. Note that we used a similar approach for Gnutella and Kazaa which both use the HTTP protocol for their data transfer. In addition to finding packets which identify a particular connection as belonging to a particular P2P application the classifier also maintains an accounting state about each TCP connection. Our setup only performs the regular expression match if the TCP payload starts with GET or HTTP indicating a HTTP payload. For most locations that correspond to instances of simple types  , the constraints associated with a location can be represented as a regular expression most facets in XML Schema can be represented in this manner. We also augment each such abstract heap location with a formula  , which is a conservative encoding of the current state of that location  , including its type constraints. In normalization   , we just directly fill the key with the related value. If one key of t has a concrete value not a regular expression  , such as " path 2 " of node B in Figure 4b which has one unique value " display "   , one keep operation is created for this key. More specifically  , property-path expressions are regular expressions over properties edge labels in the graph. As described in the current SPARQL 1.1 specification  , " a property path is a possible route through a graph between two graph nodes .. and query evaluation determines all matches of a path expression .. " 10. The document in the IFRAME is tiny:  This code assumes the existence of a get_secret function   , which can be implemented in a few lines of code that performs a regular expression match on document.cookie. The web page  , noticing that it does not have a session secret  , opens up an invisible IFRAME with the SSL URL https://example.com/login/ recover. In cases where only some of the domains in the certificate are served on this IP  , it is necessary to configure an explicit default host similar to the one given in Figure 10. For example the template page can be parsed by the legacy wiki engine page parser and " any character sequence " blocks or more specific blocks like " any blank character "  can be inserted where appropriate. In order to be less naive  , a few additional steps in the generation of the regular expression can be be taken. Clearly  , providing individual phone numbers as seed examples would not achieve the desired behavior; the numbers may not even exist in the corpus. The specification /abc|xyz/ is a regular expression representing the set of strings {abc  , xyz}. By considering assignments as production rules and translating the input specification into production rules  , we can obtain the following grammar approximating the output of the program. The table shows that the class of context-free languages is closed for a large proportion of the functions in PHP and thus they can be eliminated from a grammar. Also by merging smaller MDNs  , we increase the number of URLs corresponding to each central server  , which helps to generate more generic signatures. Third  , we identify features of signal clusters that are independent of any particular topic and that can be used to effectively rank the clusters by their likelihood of containing a disputed factual claim. The approach matches each test page with the learnt template  , segment the web page into set of sections  , and assigns importance to each section  , using template learning  , and page level spatial and content features. Extensions to regular expression search would also be of interest. We observe that storage systems typically perform redundancy elimination in a manner that is completely transparent to the higher levels  , and our indexing approach would thus have to be implemented at the lower levels for best performance. In our primary results  , 65 42% of the rules matched at least one URL some URLs were matched more than once for a total of 6933 rule matches. To give the reader an intuition of how fault-revealing properties can lead users to errors  , Figure 9 provides examples   , from our experiments  , of fault-revealing and nonfault-revealing properties for two faulty versions. To select relevant portions of the DPRG to view to aid with the task at hand  , a developer can use two kinds of query operations: regular expression searching  , and node expan- sion. The developer now has a concrete location in the code from which to consider the change task. The results of the query also included the information that certain timeout values were involved in the non-blocking implementation. The subject then performed a pattern-level search for the regular expression " blocking "   , which resulted in several sentences  , including the following: " if the underlying IPC mechanism does not support non-blocking  , the developer could use a separate thread to handle communication " . While those approaches also feature the negation of events  , precedence and timing constraints  , we believe that visual formalisms like V T S are better suited for expressing requirements . For the default parameterizations of constant values and constant lengths it is easy to adjust the formulas given in the previous section. To be truly general-purpose  , a model management facility would need to factor out the inferencing engine module that can manipulate these expressions  , so that one could plug different inferencing engines into the facility. Bigrams  , with tagging .60 Results with the language model can be improved by heuristically combining the three best scoring models above unigrams with no tagging and the two bigram models. Precision for each of the four language models and the regular expression classifier are reported in Table 7tagging refers to entity and part of speech tagging.  Regular-Expression Matching: XTM provides the ability to search for text that matches a set of rules or patterns  , such as looking for phone numbers  , email addresses  , social-security numbers   , monetary values  , etc. For example  , the query query number 85 in the 10 ,000 query set: For example  , query select project.#.publication selects all of the publications reachable from the project node via zero or more edges. Regular path expression queries RPE that contain " # " and " * " need to be expanded to SPE queries first  , then translated into SQL statements. The basic text substrings  , such as the target or named entities  , are recognized using regular expressions and replaced with an angle-bracket-delimited expression. The open angle bracket < is used as a special escape character  , hence we make sure that it Figure 1: System Overview does not appear in the source text  , which is either a question or a passage. We are continuing to study alternatives to this basic XPath expression  , such as using regular expressions  , allowing query expansion using synonyms  , and weighting the importance of terms. When evaluating answers for each question type  , we determine whether changing " or " or " and " retrieves any sentences  , and allow this most restrictive screen if it returns any sentences. As a result of age identification  , 9185 visits were classified as adult  , 5747 as elder  , 581 as teen  , 273 as child  , and 3248 had no age information. This is illustrated in Figure 7we see that both domain-tailored regular expression matching and an instance of the domain-trained IE system Amilcare 5 will be used side-by-side  , Amilcare learning from the successfully validated instances produced by the former. The role of B-Recogniser can be realised by both domain-tailored  , and domaintrained services. A number of successful approaches from last year inspired our approach for this year ELC challenge 2 were using a two-stage retrieval approach to retrieve entities. We have implemented all documented tgrep functions in our engine and have additionally implemented both regular expression matching of nodes and reflection-based runtime specification of predicate functions . This engine was based originally on a number of pattern recognition tools collectively known as tgrep. The TOMS can map between the two branches  , however  , and find which lines a sentence spansboth  , and gives the administrator an ID that must be used as a unique key to identify the document in all future interactions. 0 Theorem 2.1 is a rather negative result  , since it implies that queries might require time which is exponential in the size of the db-graph  , not only the regular expression   , for their evaluation. For 2  , the reduction is from DISJOINT PATHS  , whose NP-completeness follows immediately from results in FHw801. The regular expression occurring in this query has an equivalent automaton with three states: the three regions correspond precisely to these states. The query in Example 1.1 defines a view which logically partitions the database into three regions  , as in Figure 3 . View maintenance will be done differently after an update in region Rl than after updates in regions R2 or R3 respectively. In this respect  , the sink variable and regular expression variables play similar roles in that they appear in the same position in both the head of each rule and the IDB predicate in the body. A look at the Java-code indicates that Trang is related to but different from crx: it uses 2T-INF to construct an automaton  , eliminates cycles by merging all nodes in the same strongly connected component   , and then transforms the obtained DAG into a regular expression. Indeed  , there is no paper or manual available describing the machinery underlying Trang. This helps us encode certain type of trails as a regular expression over an alphabet. Closing of the page or time outs are encoded as E. For example the trail in the example will be encoded to the string SSV V SSV P . This artificial method can generate a new field sub-document which does not exist in actual multi-field document  , which is equivalent to increasing the statistical weight for some attributed texts  , and such texts often have an explicit optimal TC rule. For instance  , the regular expression can be applied to extract all IP addresses in email Header to form an artificial sub-document. The result shows that the structure completely supports regular expression functions and the Snort rule set at the frequency of 3.68GHz. With Pre-decode method  , parallel character and prefix tree  , this structure optimized the structure and minimized circuit areas and realize the target of lower cost and wider applicability. It can be chosen to define a split pattern as separator or a match pattern to identify the constituents or interesting parts of an attribute value. However  , in OCR  , character : was often read as i or z. Luckily  , being a specialized domain with rigid conventions for writing   , e.g. , units and ranks  , most of these errors could be corrected using a host of 135 regular expression rules. For example  , unit names as abbreviations are inflected in Finnish by appending a : and the inflection ending. This still left the problem of semantic disambiguation; in this case this concerned named entity recognition of persons  , places  , and military units. The main idea in the rule-based name recognition tool is to first search for full names within the text at hand. , two extraction components for non-ontological entities have been implemented: person name extractor for Finnish language and regular expression extractor. by enumeration  , via a regular expression  , or via ad hoc operators specific to text structure such as proximity  , positional and inclusion operators for instance  , in the style of the model for text structure presented in 14. This binding is realized in the notion of In a query of type 1  , the text pattern can be specified in many different ways  , e.g. Machine learning systems treat the SBD task as a classification problem  , using features such as word spelling  , capitalization  , sumx  , word class  , etc. , found in the local context of potential sentence breaking punctu- ation. If two different strings occur in the same corresponding positions of two Web pages  , they are believed to be the items to be extracted. RELATEDNESS QUERIES RQ A relatedness query is a connected directed graph the nodes and edges of which may be unlabeled and at least one of the edges is labeled with a regular expression over relationship labels. The above query is the query example from the introduction. The extractor is implemented as a module that can be linked into other information integration systems. Alternatively  , since the extraction rule is expressed as a regular expression with concatenation and alternative only  , it is easier to construct a finite-state machine for such an extraction rule. We only require that a special markup syntax  , a marker  , is available for denoting where holes occur in the source text of a template page. The input of the system is a set of HTTPTraces  , which will be described in the following sections  , and the output is a set of regular expression signatures identifying central servers of MDNs. Figure 3presents the architecture of the ARROW system. For an MDN with one or more central servers  , the third component generates regular expression signatures based on the URLs and also conducts signature pruning. The second component  , central server identification  , aggregates individual drive-by download samples which form MDNs and then identifies the central servers. For each question  , TREC provides a set of document identifiers which answer it  , a regular expression which the participant has to match to score  , and sometimes  , a snippet from the document that contains the answer. The passages were indexed by Lucene 5. In brief  , template is a generalized tree-based regular expression over structure of pages seen till now. ' , and '|' to denote multiplicity denotes repetition of similar structure  , optionality denotes part of structure is optional  , and disjunction denote presence of one of the structures in the structural data  , respectively. In the procedure for converting an SDTD into an XVPA defined in Theorem 1  , we chose a deterministic finite state automaton Dm corresponding to every regular expression dm. We now consider the following problem: Given an SDTD d  , m0  , which open tags are pre-order typed in every document defined by d  , m0 ? For temponym detection in text documents  , we adopt a similar approach and develop a rule-based system that uses similarity matching in a large dictionary of event names and known paraphrases. State-of-the-art TempEx taggers such as HeidelTime 36 and SUTime 9  are based on regular expression matching   , handcrafted rules  , and background dictionaries. We present the rewrite rules in the order in which they are applied. Given a concrete path fl.f2..f~  , we apply the rewrite rules to the tuple e  , fl.f2..f~ to obtain a final tuple Q  , e  , where Q is the regular expression that represents the path. The motivation for the definition of A stems from the desire to interpret the regular expressions for the paths through a program as an A expression. An algebra A is presented that combines the problems of finding the three kinds of data flow anomalies. If for every execution history h witnessed in the traces  , if h is included in the language of re 1   , then it is also included in the language of re 2 then re 2 is preferred. Grep takes a regular expression and a list of files and lists the lines of those files that match the pattern . The tool of choice today is the text matching tool grep l or one of its many cousins  , due to its ease of use  , speed  , and integration with the editing environment. When an aspect is enabled  , the display of any program text matched by the pattern is highlighted with the aspect's corresponding color. An aspect in AB is defined as a pair consisting of a pattern a grep-like regular expression and a color. Since these SQL queries are derived from a single regular path expression  , they are likely to share many relational scans  , selections and joins. Multiple-Query Optimization/Execution: As outlined in Section 4  , complex path expressions are handled in a relational database by converting them into many simple path expressions  , each corresponding to a separate SQL query. As shown in Figure 4  , each type of feature is represented by an interface that extends the IFeature interface. Let us return to live variables problem to see how the problem is solved with respect to the prime program decomposition in Figure 5. Once a number has been located  , the following token is checked to see if the number can be further classified into a unit of measure. A regular expression is used to find a string representing a number either in words  , digits or a combination of the two. Applying a regular expression pattern   , such as " find capitalized phrases containing some numbers with length greater than two "   , on the text " The Nokia 6600 was one of the oldest models. " This was also observed in the context of lexical source-code transformations of arbitrary programming languages 2  , where it is an alternative to manipulations of the abstract syntax tree. The open angle bracket < is used as a special escape character  , hence we make sure that it does not appear in the source text  , which is either a question or a passage. Undoing these requires " physical undo "   , i.e. , the system has to maintain multiple versions of the potentially large dataset. Word embedding techniques seek to embed representations of words. A brief introduction to word embedding. We begin with a brief introduction to word embedding techniques and then motivate how can these be applied in IR. So  , when tackling the phrase-level sentiment classification  , we form a sentence matrix S as follows: for each token in a tweet  , we have to look up its corresponding word embedding in the word matrix W  , and the embedding for one of the two word types. Each word type is associated with its own embedding. In this paper  , we propose a new Word Embedding-based metric  , which we instantiate using 8 different Word Embedding models trained using different datasets and different parameters. However  , it remains to be seen whether Word Embedding can be effectively used to evaluate the coherence of topics in comparison with existing metrics. In this work  , we use a similar idea as word embedding to initialize the embedding of user and item feature vectors via additional training data. Recently  , it becomes popular to use pre-train of word embedding for NLP applications 17  , by first training on a large unlabeled data set  , then use the trained embedding in the target supervised task. If a word has no embedding  , the word is considered as having no word semantic relatedness knowledge. 6 For the BaiduQA dataset  , we train 100-dimensional word 20. We proposed a new Word Embedding-based topic coherence metric  , and instantiated it using 8 different WE models. In future work  , we will explore how the Word Embedding training parameters affect the coherence evaluation task. Current approaches of learning word embedding 2  , 7  , 15  focus on modeling the syntactic context. The work presented by 12  , 16  proves that the features of a sentence/document can be learnt through its word embedding. We adopt the skip-gram approach to obtain our Word Embedding models. Therefore  , in this paper  , we propose new Word Embedding-based metrics to capture the coherence of topics . a single embedding is inaccurate for representing multiple topics. Using a single word embedding to represent multiple such topics may result in embeddings that conflate them  , i.e. Hence  , the input sentence matrix is augmented with an additional set of rows from the word type embeddings . The embedding of the word vectors enables the identification of words that are used in similar contexts to a specufic word. Word embedding as technique for representing the meaning of a word in terms other words  , as exemplified by the Word2vec ap- proach 7 . Intuitively  , the sentence representation is computed by modeling word-level coherence. In the first phase  , we learn the sentence embedding using the word sequence generated from the sentence. As mentioned in Section 3.2  , a parameter is required to determine the semantic relatedness knowledge provided by the auxiliary word embeddings.  WMD  , a word embedding-based framework using the Word Mover's Distance 15  to measure the querydocument relevance  , based on a word embedding vector set trained from Google News 19. The lower bound of wilson confidence interval for this ratio in multiple sessions is used as the final feature value. From a statistical language modeling perspective  , meaning of a word can be characterized by its context words. Neural word embedding methods12  , 13  , 14 represent each word by a real-valued dense word vector. By a separately trained word embedding model using large corpus in a totally unsupervised fashion  , we can alleviate the negative impact from limited word embedding training corpus from only labeled queries. After word segmentation we get a sequence of meaningful words from each text query. In order to address these concerns  , we propose to represent contexts of entities in documents using word embeddings. To define the embedding for a set of words W   , we define g : W → v W ∈ R d that computes embedding as: Using WE word representation models  , scholars have improved the performance of classification 6  , machine translation 16  , and other tasks. Recently  , Word Embedding WE has emerged as a more effective word representation than  , among others  , LSA 8  , 9  , 10. Inspired by the superior results obtained by the neural language models  , we present a two-phase approach  , Doc2Sent2Vec  , to learn document embedding. The parameter vector of each ranking system is learned automatically . The results shown in Table 5 compare the LR system introduced in 46 with a number of systems that use word embeddings in the one-and two-vocabulary settings  , as follows: LR+WE 1 refers to combining the one-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the six features of the LR system from 46  , LR+WE 2 refers to combining the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the LR system  , WE 1 refers to using only the one-vocabulary wordembedding-based features  , and WE 2 refers to using only the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features. The BWESG-based representation of word w  , regardless of its actual language  , is then a dim-dimensional vector: The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. We also use as baselines two types of existing effective metrics based on PMI and LSA. In our case  , we use a random sample of tweets crawled from a different time period to train our word embedding vectors. More concretely  , to automatically construct the lexical paraphrase matrix we follow a simple three-step procedure: Learn Word Embeddings: Learn a set of word embedding vectors using Word2vec 9  on a background corpus containing the same type of documents that are to be expanded. RQ3: Do the word embedding training heuristics improve the ranking performance  , when added to the vanilla Skip-gram model ? RQ2: Do word embeddings trained on different corpora change the ranking performance ? To build the word embedding matrix W W W   , we extract the vocabulary from all tweets present in TMB2011 and TMB2012. We use word embeddings of size 50 — same as for the previous task. We describe how we train the Word Embedding models in Section 5. If two words are semantically similar  , the cosine similarity – as per Equation 3 – of their word vectors is higher. The elements are encoded using only two word types: the tokens spanning the phrase to be predicted are encoded with 1s and all the others with 0s. Next  , we present the details of the proposed model GPU-DMM. As shown in Figure 1  , the auxiliary word embeddings utilized in GPU-DMM is pre-learned using the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques from large document collections. A typical approach is to map a discrete word to a dense  , low-dimensional  , real-valued vector  , called an embedding 19. However   , words are discrete by nature; it seems nonsensical to feed word indexes to DNNs. The resulting vocabulary contains 150k words out of which only 60% are found in the word embeddings model. We create an embedding feature for each attribute using these word vectors as follows. We used pre-trained 500 dimensional word vectors 4 that put semantically related words close together in space. Intuitively  , affirmative negated words are mapped to the affirmative negated representations  , which can be used to predict the surrounding words and word sentiment in affirmative negated context. Here we propose to learn the affirmative and negated word embedding simultaneously . We omit Raw for word-sequence embedding w W S because there is no logic in comparing word-sequence vectors of two different documents. Note that " Raw " means k-NN search based on vectors w BW and w W C . Each dimension in the vector captures some anonymous aspect of underlying word meanings. This paper explores the use of word embeddings of enhance IR effectiveness. We separately evaluate the utility of temporal modeling via staleness by introducing the Staleness only method that includes the F t features. In order to evaluate the effect of adding word embeddings  , we introduce two extensions to the baselines that use the embedding features: Embedding  , Single that uses a single embedding for every document F c e features  , and Embedding  , POS that maintains different embeddings for common nouns  , proper nouns and verbs F p e features; see Section 3.1 for details. This method needs lots of hierarchical links as its training data. Fu and Guo 2 proposed a method to learn taxonomy structure via word embedding. These metrics use Word Embedding models newly trained using the separate Twitter background dataset  , but making use of the word2vec 5 tool. WE metrics using word2vec 4. Theoretically   , word embedding model is aiming to produce similar vector representation to words that are likely to occur in the same context. We utilize word vectors trained on large corpus to rephrase the sentence automatically. Finally  , Section 5 concludes the paper. Federated search is a well-explored problem in information retrieval research. In this paper  , we use the word-embedding from 12 for weighing terms. an MS-Word document. The second approach is to launch G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in some document  , e.g. These metrics are instantiated using Word Embedding models from Wikipedia 4 and Twitter  , pre-trained using the GloV e 12 tool. WE metrics using GloV e 4. Table 1summarizes the notations used in our models. In this section  , we will extend the above joint word-image embedding model to address our problem. Finally  , to compute term similarity we used publicly available 5 pre-trained word embedding vectors. 6.1 for details on the configuration of each tested model. Based on Word2Vec 6  , Doc2Vec produces a word embedding vector  , given a sentence or document. the main topic  , we utilize Doc2Vec 4. In the model  , bags-of-visual terms are used to represent images. This situation does not take the sentiment information into account. The objective of SG++ is to further incorporate negation. We also include an additional baseline that uses multi-task learning Caruana  , 1993 to learn separate parameters for each entity  , called Baseline  , Multi-task. LSTM outputs a representation ht for position t  , given by    , xT }  , where xt is the word embedding at position t in the sentence. We follow recent successes with word embedding similarity and use in this work: The closer the function's value is to 1 the more similar the two terms are. The relationships among words are embedded in their word vectors  , providing a simple way to compute aggregated semantics for word collections such as paragraphs and documents . The average pooling of word embedding vector utilizes word embeddings in a low-dimensional continuous space where relevant words are close to each other. Given the wide availability of standard word embedding software and word lists for most languages  , both resources are significantly easier to obtain than manually curating lexical paraphrases   , for example by creating WordNet synsets. We note that our method only relies on word embeddings and the availability of word lists to construct the paraphrase matrix. A word embedding is a dense  , low-dimensional  , and realvalued vector associated with every word in a vocabulary such that they capture useful syntactic and semantic properties of the contexts that the word appears in. Therefore  , neural word embedding method such as 12  aims to predict context words by the given input word while at the same time  , learning a real-valued vector representation for each word. This objective is fulfilled by either having a layer to perform the transformation or looking up word vectors from a table which is filled by word vectors that are trained separately using additional large corpus. In many CNN based text classification models  , the first step is to convert word from one-hot sparse representation to a distributed dense representation using Word Embedding . Similarities are only computed between words in the same word list. : Finally  , we compute the cosine similarity sij ∈ ℜ between the embeddings of every word wi ∈ ℜ D   , wj ∈ ℜ D   , where D is the word embedding dimensionality  , and threshold the resulting similarities using a threshold θ ∈ ℜ. Two categories of word analogy are used in this task: semantic and syntactic. Given the word embeddings  , this task is solved by finding the word d * whose embedding is closest to the vector u b − ua + uc in terms of cosine proximity  , i.e. , d * = argmax d cos u b − ua + uc  , u d . Word- Net is an expensive resource that was relied upon by the LSH-FSD system of 11 to obtain high FSD effectiveness. Distance Computation between regional embeddings After learning word embeddings for each word w ∈ V  , we then compute the distance Figure 2: Semantic field of theatre as captured by GEODIST method between the UK and US. We set α = 0.025  , context window size m to 10 and size of the word embedding d to be 200 unless stated otherwise. In 18  , convolutional layers are employed directly from the embedded word sequence  , where embedded words are pre-trained separately. Methods like this rely on large labeled training set to cover as much words as possible  , so that we can take advantage of word embedding to get high quality word vectors. In our method  , we do the latter  , using already induced word embedding features in order to improve our system accuracy. One popular approach to improving accuracy by exploiting large datasets is to use unsupervised methods to create word features  , or to download word features that have already been produced Turian et al. , 2010. The idea of having bilingual contexts for each pivot word in each pseudo-bilingual document will steer the final model towards constructing a shared inter-lingual embedding space. 1 is to assure that each word w  , regardless of its actual language  , obtains word collocates from both vocabularies. Because of the compactness  , the embedding can be efficiently stored and compared. The comparison is based on Hamming Embedding  , which compresses a descriptor's 64 floating numbers into a single 64-bit word while preserving the ability to estimate the distance between descriptors. Then  , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space  , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context  , followed by their loss functions. First  , the basic Skip-gram model is extended by inserting a softmax layer  , in order to add the word sentiment polarity. First  , since the neural language model essentially exploits word co-occurrence in a text corpus   , for a label of relatively low occurrence  , its embedding vector could be unreliable for computing its similarity to images and other labels. We argue that several issues are overlooked in the semantic embedding method 9. Source code is often paired with natural language statements that describe its behavior. This effectively pushes the embeddings for the text words and the code tokens towards each other: if wt is a word embedding and w k is a token embedding  , both with the same norm  , the logistic sigmoid in Equation 1 is maximized when w k = wt. The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. The final model called BWE Skip-gram BWESG then relies on the monolingual variant of the skip-gram model trained on these shuffled pseudo-bilingual documents. From an embedding point of view  , θ d is document d's projection in a low-dimensional nonnegative topical embedding 7. The word distribution of each topic reveals different themes underlying a corpus while the topic distribution θ d of a document characterizes the themes the document is associated with. Specifically we discuss the learning of word embeddings   , the aligning of embedding spaces across different time snapshots to a joint embedding space  , and the utilization of a word's displacement through this semantic space to construct a distributional time series. In this section we present our distributional approach in detail. Further  , using a single Figure 7: Macro P-R-F1-SU over confidence cutoffs bedding Embedding  , Single outperforms multiple embeddings representations Embedding  , POS  , indicating word embeddings implicitly capture the various parts of speech in their representation. Our proposed models further improve upon the Baseline  , Multi-task. In future work  , we plan to investigate the utility of the two-vocabulary setting when training with both SE and NL corpora. The readers can find advanced document embedding approaches in 7. This is because we aim to compare the word embeddings with different approaches instead of finding the best method for document embeddings. For example  , the context around Obama during elections is quite different from the context for presidential speech or international visit. Three layers are presented in SG++  , namely the syntactic layer  , the affirmative layer and the negation one. In this paper  , we propose an advanced Skip-gram model SG++ to learn better word embedding and negation for Twitter sentiment classification efficiently. An input instance of DREAM model consists a series of baskets of items  , which are sequential transactions of a specific user. Recently  , RNN approaches to word embedding for sentence modeling 5  , sequential click prediction 10 ket recommendation. RQ4: Do the modified text similarity functions improve the ranking performance  , when compared with the original similarity function in 28 ? and word embedding for terms into a standalone version that can be applied to any document collection to facilitate efficient event browsing. Note that these events are not necessarily represented by a single sentence in Wikipedia. Induce the set of bilingual word embeddings BWE using the BWESG embedding learning model see sect. Given is a document-aligned comparable corpus in two languages LS and LT with vocabularies V S and V T . To identify the usefulness of these WE-based metrics  , we conducted a large-scale pairwise user study to gauge human preferences. Therefore  , feature learning is an alternative way to learn discriminative features automatically from data. This is also our ongoing work. Questions QA pairs from categories other than those presented previously . The Word2vec model requires training in order to learn the word embedding space  , and this was realised using an additional corpus of Google news and Yahoo! Hence  , we use the entire input paragraph and compute a vector representation given a Doc2Vec model created on a Wikipedia corpus. For example  , word vector representations of xml and nonterminal are very similar for the W3C benchmark l2 norm. When examining words nearby query terms in the embedding space  , we found words to be related to the query term. Unlike these continuous space language models 30  , 31  , CLSM can project multi-word variable length queries into the embedding space. 29 further proposed models that can be trained on large scale datasets and extended the vector representations to phrases 30.  We generated QR codes by first converting PDF documents into Microsoft Word™ format and then embedding the QR tag in the document to be printed. We here discuss the design implications of our initial observations of the HCW prototype. Hence  , we are motivated to establish a novel approach  , not only focusing on learning sentiment-specific word embedding efficiently  , but also capturing the negation information. Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. In this paper  , we study the vector offset technique in the context of the CLSM outputs. Second  , term similarity with respect to the expertise domain is encoded in latent word features. Each PS shard stores input and output vectors for a portion of the words from the vocabulary. In the conventional PS system  , the word embedding training can be implemented as follows. However  , researchers 13  , 44  , 45 have proposed methods to infer semantically related software terms  , and have built software-specific word similarity databases 41  , 42. To the best of our knowledge  , word embedding techniques have not been applied before to solve information retrieval tasks in SE. We expect that learning word embeddings on a larger corpora such that the percentage of the words present in the word embedding matrix W W W should help to improve the accuracy of our system. The performance of our model is on the par with the STRUCT model 27. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. The training objective is to find word representations such that the surrounding words the syntactic context can be predicted in a sentence or a document. The basic Skip-gram model we adopt here is introduced by 7 to learn word embedding from text corpus. The words that are highly relevant to the topic are then selected  , and their semantically related words are extracted and promoted by using the GPU model 18. Moreover  , similar to the situation observed with answer selection experiments  , we expect that using more training data would improve the generalization of our model. However  , these subjective evaluations do not tell whether and how word similarities can be used in solving IR tasks in SE. By embedding background knowledge constructed from Wikipedia  , we generate an enriched representation of documents  , which is capable of keeping multi-word concepts unbroken  , capturing the semantic closeness of synonyms  , and performing word sense disambiguation for polysemous terms. This goal is achieved with the use of Wikipedia. Computational infeasibility caused by using one-hot representation is alleviated by handling data on GPU efficiently.  We propose and study the task of detecting local text reuse at the semantic level. Inspired by the advantages of continuous space word representations  , we introduce a novel method to aggregate and compress the variable-size word embedding sets to binary hash codes through Fisher kernel and hashing methods. Inserting a QR code into the Word document's main body has the potential to change the layout of the document. We generated QR codes by first converting PDF documents into Microsoft Word™ format and then embedding the QR tag in the document to be printed. For example  , a sentence Q = w1  , w2  , w3  , ..  , wn will be transformed into a sentence matrix M ∈ R n×m where n is the length of sentence and m is the dimensionality of vector representation. Moreover  , since dimensionality of word vector is fixed during word embedding training  , feature-level modeling also perfectly deals with unfixed length of queries. By using feature-level correlation of a query rather than exact words and its corresponding representations  , the proposed approach provides a new perspective to model intentions   , which differentiates itself from previous text classification tasks in essence. Large-vocabulary neural probabilistic language models for modeling word sequence distributions have become very popular re- cently 8  , 43  , 44. We employ an embedding layer in our shallow model for the same reasons as mentioned above: we learn continuous word representations that incorporate semantic and syntactic similarity tailored to an expert's domain. We first define the existing PMI & LSA-based metrics before introducing the new Word Embedding-based metric to evaluate the coherence of topics. We use three types of coherence metrics for Twitter data based on PMI and LSA  , and Word Embeddings WE  , which are instantiated into 12 metrics. This change leads to learning rich and accurate representation compared to the previous model  , which freezes the word vectors while learning the document vectors. In their follow-up work 4  , the authors proposed an incremental model by jointly learning the word embeddings along with its document embedding.  Inspired by the advantages of continuous space word representations  , we introduce a novel method to aggregate and compress the variable-size word embedding sets to binary hash codes through Fisher kernel and hashing methods. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work to focus on this problem. In our work we make use of this property by deeming two words to be lexical paraphrases if the cosine similarity between their word embeddings is sufficiently high. All prior work critically requires sentence-aligned parallel data and readily-available translation dic- tionaries 14  , 11 to induce bilingual word embeddings BWEs that are consistent and closely aligned over languages. When operating in multilingual settings  , it is highly desirable to learn embeddings for words denoting similar concepts that are very close in the shared inter-lingual embedding space e.g. , the representations for the English word school and the Spanish word escuela should be very similar. The lowdimensionality of the embeddings as compared to vector space models hundreds instead of millions make them an elegant solution to address lexical sparsity in settings with very few labels Turian et al. , 2010  , and further  , they can be efficiently trained on massive corpora. All words in the embedding space retain their " language annotations " ; although the words from two different languages are represented in the same semantic space  , we still know whether a word belongs to language LS e.g. , English or language LT e.g. , Dutch. Since our new BWESG model learns to represent words from two different languages in the same shared cross-lingual embedding space  , we may use exactly the same modeling approach to monolingual and cross-lingual information retrieval. For example  , if we expect a document containing the word north to have a higher-thanaverage probability of being relevant to a WHERE question  , we might augment the WHERE question with the word north. An alternative to embedding document priors into the retrieval system's similarity metric is to augment the query to include terms that might appear in documents that have higher prior probability of relevance. Our objective is to take advantage of this property for the task of query rewriting  , and to learn query representations in a lowdimensional space where semantically similar queries would be close. In the context of NLP  , distributed models are able to learn word representations in a low-dimensional continuous vector space using a surrounding context of the word in a sentence  , where in the resulting embedding space semantically similar words are close to each other 31. This retrieval is done efficiently by first identifying the closest cluster and then comparing v only to the small subset of descriptors in the cluster. In this submission  , we introduce a semi-supervised approach suitable for streaming settings that uses word embedding clusters and temporal relevance to represent entity contexts. As part of the Accelerate and Create task  , we also describe an exploratory tool for efficient and intuitive visualization of large streams. Note that this does not automatically mean  , that a 0.7 similarity also means that the predicted answer has high accuracy  , but only gives an indication of its relatedness on basis of the selected word embedding. We got 45% of the questions answered with greater than 0.7 cosine similarity measure. We now get to our main result  , which is split into two parts  , corresponding to the exact matching and soft matching settings. In addition  , we are not aware of prior work that directly applies it to a large set of standard LTR features   , specifically using similarity between word embedding vectors for lexical semantics compared to the well studied translation models for this usage. A PSbased training system includes a number of PS shards that store model parameters and a number of clients that read different portions of the training data from a distributed file system e.g. , Hadoop Distributed File System. First  , we briefly introduce Word2Vec  , a set of models that are used to produce word embeddings  , and Doc2Vec  , a modification of Word2Vec to generate document embeddings  , in Section 4.1. In this work  , we make use of both embedding types in form of entity embeddings Word2Vec and entity-context embeddings Doc2Vec to improve entity disambiguation . The second approach is to launch the G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in a document  , such as a Microsoft Word file or HTML file. The first is through the G-Portal Viewer in which a user can select from a list of previously registered contexts to visit. This has the effect of labeling an attribute as negative either if its frequency PMI is low relative to other positive attributes or its word embedding is far away from positive attributes. The above formula is obtained by just assuming that the probability that an instance is positive is equal to the product of probability  , Pr+|F a Pr+|Ea. The main motivations for using word2vec for our automatic evaluation were twofold: 1 Verifying whether two texts convey the same meaning is a sub-problem to Question-Answering itself. We use the methodology explained in Section 4 to examine whether the WE-based metric can capture the coherence of topics from tweets  , and how well WE  , PMI  , and LSA metrics compare with human judgements. The joint probability on the words  , classes and the latent variables in one document is thus given by:  different proportion of the topics  , and different topics govern dissimilar word occurrences  , embedding the correlation among different words. Besides  , since the relationship between the classes and topics is underlying   , we use the indexing variable y to indicate the latent structure between them. As stated above  , local sequential features extracted by HRM is not capable enough to model relations among apart baskets  , while a recurrent operation of a deep RNN architecture can capture global sequential features from all baskets of a user. C3 We construct a novel unified framework for ad-hoc monolingual MoIR and cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR which relies on the induced word embeddings and constructed query and document embeddings. BWESG induces a shared cross-lingual embedding vector space in which words  , queries  , and documents may be presented in a uniform way as dense real-valued vectors. In order to present the document d in the dim-dimensional embedding space induced by the BWESG model  , we need to apply a model of semantic composition to learn its dim-dimensional vector representation − → d . , w |N d | }  , where |N d | denotes the length of the document d expressed by the number of word tokens. Topic modelling approaches can be used by scholars to capture the topics discussed in various corpora  , including news articles  , books 5 and tweets 4  , 15. Using two Twitter datasets  , our results show that the new Word Embedding-based metrics outperform the PMI/LSA-based ones in capturing the coherence of topics in terms of robustness and efficientness. We segmented each page into individual words by embedding the Bing HTML parser into DryadLINQ and performing the parsing and word-breaking on our compute cluster. The full collection consists of over a billion web pages  , while the English-language subset is comprised of 503 ,898 ,901 pages. Prior work captured the effect of excessive terms appearing only in the document on the ranking score mainly by their contribution to overall document context or structure. Ganguly et al 14 employed similarity between word embedding vectors within a translation model for LMIR as means to overcome the lexical gap between queries and documents   , where it outperformed a language model extended with latent topics. In this section we describe experimental evaluation of the proposed approach  , which we refer to as hierarchical document vector HDV model. In all experiments we used cosine distance to measure the closeness of two vectors either document or word vectors in the common low-dimensional embedding space. This approach is particularly useful in that it provides seamless access to personalized projects from other applications. Another popular method is the Partial Least Squares PLS 31 that learns orthogonal score vectors by maximizing the covariance between different multimodal data. Owing to its simplicity and effectiveness  , CCA has been widely applied to the crossmodal retrieval 7  , face recognition 21 and word embedding 8  , 9. Second  , we assess the extent to which the topical preferences emanating from the 12 metrics align with human assessments. It is intriguing that the LINE2nd outperforms the state-of-the-art word embedding model trained on the original corpus. This is not surprising  , as a high second-order proximity implies that two words can be replaced in the same context  , which is a stronger indicator of similar semantics than first-order co-occurrences. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to propose such a solution. UNIX editing system  , embedding within the text of the reports certain formatting codes. All that the user needs to specify in invoking this procedure is the name of the file containing the data and the context word by which the paragraphs are to be selected. Mathematically   , given a sequence of training words w1  , w2  , ..  , wT   , the goal of Skip-gram model is to maximize the log probability While soft matching for retrieval was studied before  , this is the first time it is applied in the CQA vertical search scenario. Since FVs are usually high-dimensional and dense  , it makes the system less efficient for large-scale applications. Then  , the variable sizes of word embedding sets will be aggregated into a fixed length vector  , Fisher Vector FV  , based on the Fisher kernel framework 27. According to the framework of Fisher Kernel  , text segments are modeled by a probability density function. Through table lookup  , the ith text segment d i can be represented by ewi = {ewij  , 1 ≤ j ≤ Ni}  , where ew ij is the word embedding of wij. The output of each model the top ten most similar results for each test question were manually labelled as relevant or not and this was used to calculate the evaluation statistics. Moreover  , following the recent trend of multilingual word embedding induction e.g. , 14  , 11  , in this paper we also focus on the induction of bilingual word embeddings BWEs  , and show how to use BWEs in cross-lingual information retrieval tasks. Knowing the long-standing and firm relationship between vector space models  , semantics modeling and IR 37  , 16  , one goal of this paper is to establish a new link between the recent text representation learning methodology based on word embeddings and modeling in information retrieval  , with the focus on the fundamental ad-hoc retrieval task. We show that WE-based monolingual ad-hoc retrieval models may be considered as special and less general cases of the cross-lingual retrieval setting i.e. , operating with only one language instead of two  , which results in a unified WE-based framework for monolingual and cross-lingual IR. To address the shortcomings of the existing state-of-theart methods for query rewriting  , we propose to take a rad-ically new approach to this task  , motivated by the recent success of distributed language models in NLP applications 31  , 38. The training objective then is to maximize the probability of words appearing in the context of word w i conditioned on the active set of regions A. Given a word w i   , the context words are the words appearing to the left or right of w i within a window of size m. We define the set of active regions A = {r  , MAIN} where MAIN is a placeholder location corresponding to the global embedding and is always included in the set of active regions. Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. On the other hand  , it is this kind of label that we want to tackle via zero shot learning otherwise we could choose to harvest training examples from the Internet. Since the model depends on the alignment at the document level  , in order to ensure the bilingual contexts instead of monolingual contexts  , it is intuitive to assume that larger window sizes will lead to better bilingual embeddings. Recently  , lexical semantic similarity between terms via distributed representations  , such as word2vec 23  , was found helpful in several IR tasks  , including query term weighting 43 and as features in a LTR framework for answer retrieval 10. Given the quality issues in the output of NER on Wikipedia  , we are also working on the extraction of named entities from Wikipedia based on internal links  , with the aim of constructing a more accurate version of the Wikipedia LOAD graph as a community resource. Suppose we have the variational distribution: Therefore  , we carry out variational EM. However  , this approach utilizes our proposed inference correction during each round of variational inference. As with PL-EM Naive  , this method utilizes 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference  , 10 rounds of EM  , and maximizes the full PL. Variational EM alternates between updating the expectations of the variational distribution q and maximizing the probability of the parameters given the " observed " expected counts. For evaluation purposes the accuracy of predicted location is used. For inference 17 use Variational EM. investigate how to perform variational EM for the application of learning text topics 33. Nallapati et al. MaxEntInf Pseudolikelihood EM PL-EM MaxEntInf : This is our proposed semi-supervised relational EM method that uses pseudolikelihood combined with the MaxEntInf approach to correct for relational biases. It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference and  , since the PL-EM is more stable than CL-EM  , 10 rounds of EM. To maximize with respect to each variational parameter  , we take derivatives with respect to it and set it to zero. The variational EM maximizes the lower bound of the log likelihood with respect to the variational parameters  , and then for fixed values of the variational parameters  , maximizes the lower bound with respect to the model parameters. The inference is performed by Variational EM. Then the term and the location are generated dependent on this topic assignment  , according to two different multinomial distributions. While the E-step can be easily distributed  , the M-step is still centralized  , which could potentially become a bottleneck. The inference is done by Variational EM and the evaluation is done by measuring the accuracy of predicted location and showing anecdotal results. The topics to generate terms are local topics   , which are derived from global topics. As CL-EM is known to be unstable 14   , we smooth the parameters at each iteration t. More specifically  , we estimate It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference. Maximizing the global parameters in MapReduce can be handled in a manner analogous to EM 33 ; the expected counts of the variational distribution generated in many parallel jobs are efficiently aggregated and used to recompute the top-level parameters. This independence can be engineered to allow parallelization of independent components across multiple computers. ranging from the macroscopic level -paper foLding or gift wrapping -to the microscopic level -protein folding. Folding is a vcry common proccss in our lives. The folding problems  , especially protein folding  , have a few notable differences from usual PRM applications. In our case , Many problems related to the folding and unfolding of polyhedral objects have recently attracted the attention of the computational geometry community 25. Molecular dynamics simulations help us understand how proteins fold in nature  , and provide a means to study the underlying folding mechanism  , to investi­ gate folding pathways  , and can provide intermediate folding states. Also  , folding can be simulated by calculating the parabolic motion of each joint. In this simulation  , folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not considered. Each self-folding sheet was baked in an oven. II. In order to accomplish all four  , we needed a new self-folding method based on activation from a localized and independent stimulus. From these examples  , and considering the range of struc­ tures we are interested in creating  , we identify four principle requirements for a viable self-folding method: I sequential folding  , II angle-controlled folds  , III slot-and-tab assem­ bly  , and IV mountain-valley folding. For example  , for the paper folding problems  , one is interested in a path which makes a minimal number of folds  , and for the protein folding we are interested in low energy paths. For our folding problems  , however  , we arc interested not only in whether thew exists a path  , but we are also interested in the quality of th� path. In the Smartpainter project the painting motion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion in 2D and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions follow this folding of surfaces 3  , 91. Due to its relatively low accuracy demands  , spray painting is particularly suited for automated robot programming . In case of the paper material the folding edge flips back to its initial position. in folding the black Jean material  , the folding edge does not stay at the position that it is left by the gripper but it slides back by 1-2cm. We posit a modification scenario in which a developer is asked to modify the folding behaviour to automatically expand every nested level of folding when a user clicks on the fold marker. However  , when in the collapsed state  , clicking the fold marker will only expand one level of folding i.e. , if the expanded text has subsections that were folded  , they remain folded. In computational biology  , one of the most impor­ tant outstanding problems is protein folding  , i.e. , folding a one-dimensional amino acid chain into a three-dimensional protein structure. In computa­ tional geometry  , there are various paper folding problems as well 25. Thc formation order of secondary structures is related to a undamt:ntal question in protein folding: do secondary struc­ tures always form before the tertiary structure  , or is tertiary structure formed in a one-stage transition ? Therefore  , one possibility is to compare our folding pathways with experimental results known aboul folding intermediates. Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. Folding: Classes of data are folded in the case of symbolic testing. I Some statistics regarding the roadmaps constructed for the paper folding problems are shown in Table 1. Snapshots of the folding paths found are shown in Fig­ ures 1 and 3 for the box and the periscope  , respectively. I. Node generation. Our previous work on creating self-folding devices controlling its actuators with an internal control system is described in 3. This paper builds on prior work in self-folding  , computational origami and modular robots. Since the design and folding steps are automated  , these steps were finished in less than 7 minutes Tab. The most time consuming step of the experimental design and fabrication of self-folding structures was the physical construction of the self-folding sheets. By contrast  , the control information for the self-folding sheet described here is encoded in the design itself. First  , as our problems are not posed in an environment containing external obstacles  , the only collision constraint we impose is that our configurations be self-collision free  , and  , for the protein folding problem  , our preference for low energy con­ formations leads to an additional constraint on the feasible conformations. This paper presents a novel technique for self-folding that utilizes shape memory polymers  , resistive circuits  , and structural design features to achieve these requirements and create two­ dimensional composites capable of self-folding into three­ dimensional devices. The first step for the developer is to identify a few elements that could be related to the implementation of the folding feature. l. Each self-folding hinge must be approximately 10 mm long or folding will not occur  , limiting the total minimum size of the mechanism. However  , there are geometric constraints such as a minimum width of the links in order provide sufficient torque from the SMP to actuate self-folding of such devices. The painting mot ,ion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions following this folding of surfaces 2  , 81. The automatic generation of a 3D paint path has been attempted in the Smartpainter project. we conclude that folding the facets panel is neither necessarily beneficial nor detrimental. To answer our research question " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " Since the egg was folded on the preheated ceramic plate  , it folded itself in 3 minutes. We introduced a design pipeline which automatically generates folding information  , then compiles this information into fabrication files. In this paper  , we explored and analyzed an end-to-end approach to making self-folding sheets activated by uniformheat . Some statistics regarding the road maps con­ structed for the protein folding problems are shown in Ta­ hIe 2. The results for the protein folding examples are also very interesting. Folded testing. All shapes folded themselves in under 7 minutes. The self-folding time was also relatively short. In this paper we have demonstrated a novel technique for self-folding using shape-memory polymers and resistive heating that is capable of several fabrication features: sequen­ tial folding  , angle-controlled folds  , slot-and-tab assembly  , and mountain-valley folding. With the addition of power and controls to the unfolded composite  , it would be possible to build a robot that could deploy in its two­ dimensional form  , fold itself  , and begin operations. However   , this strategy is only applicable when 3D models of the objects are available and the curvature of the objects is relatively small. In formal program verification one usually avoids explicitly constructing representations of program states. Folding in program verification. 11shows the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained in the inverse problem. We used an inchworm robot to validate these techniques  , which transformed itself from a two-dimensional composite to a three-dimensional function­ ing device via the application of current  , a manual rotation  , and the addition of a battery and servo. In this section  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding. a X position b Z position utilized A self-folding sheet is defined as a crease pattern composed of cuts and folding edges hinges as shown in Fig 3. A shape memory polymer SMP actuator is located along each folding edge of the sheet  , and its fold angle is encoded by the geometry of the rigid material located at the edge. Our previous work 1  , 2 describes some designs that achieve this goal. In techniques based on program texts  , or information derived from program texts such aa flowgraphs  , the degree of folding will generally be determined by the class of model. A set of sufficient conditions for showing that a folding preserves violations of specifications expressed in propositional temporal logic are given in YouSS. In order to extract the motions required for performing dynamic folding of the cloth  , we first analyze the dynamic folding performed by a human subject. The robot motion can be obtained by a motion planning method based on a deformation model of the cloth  , as described in Section IV. Some common or often proposed initial transformations are: lookalike transformations  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , case folding  , word stemming  , stop words list  , feature selection 3. In this literature  , in this work  , we only use HTML deobfuscation and MIME normalization. For instance  , many techniques model control flow and omit data  , thus folding together program states which differ only in variable values. The velocity sensor is composed of two separate components: a sensing layer containing the loop of copper in which voltage is induced and a support layer that wraps around the sensing layer after folding to restrict the sensor's movement to one degree of freedom. the white LED used in the lamp were manually soldered to the composite prior to folding. '#N BigCC' is the number of the nodes in the biggest connected component of the roadmap  , '#edges' is the total number of edges  , and '#N path' is the number of roadmap nodes in the final folding path. In folding simulations  , similar structures between proteins could be indicative of a common folding pathway. On the other hand  , if a protein is designed as part of a drug delivery system  , structurally-similar proteins might also be used to effectively deliver a medicinal payload to sites within the body. 8there is a distinguishable difference between nominal and tip folding in the final phase of insertion d3 < d < d4. Based on inspection from results in Fig. In order to demonstrate self-folding  , a design was chosen that incorporates the four requirements listed above: the inchworm robot shown in Fig. 3d. We case-fold in our experiments. Case-folding overcomes differences between terms by representing all terms uniformly in a single case. If there are still mul­ tiple connected components in the roadmap after this stage other techniques will be applied to try to connect different connected components see 2 for details. For both the paper folding and protein folding models  , each con­ nection attempt performs feasibility checks for N intermedi­ ate confi gurations between the two corresponding nodes as determined by the chosen local planner. Other ongoing research aimed at applying PCRs to ligand-protein binding and protein folding is reported in BSAOO  , SAOU. The present paper extends this concept  , provides new results for ligand-protein binding  , and explores the application of PCRs to protein folding. There are s ti ll many interesting problems involving folding of tree­ like linkages. In this paper we are in­ terestcd in problems with tree-like linkage structures. The final 3D configuration is achieved by folding the right hand side shown in Fig. The characteristics of such pivots are discussed in To demonstrate these techniques  , we describe the development of the inchworm robot shown in Fig. Discussed in our 2005 spam track report 2 and CRM114's notes 4   , it would be far better if the learning machine itself either made these transformations automatically or used all the features. 3 Information hiding/unhiding by folding tree branches. 2 Hierarchical tree structure in an overall graph structure: ideal for representing content models. We are planning to study a game-like interface for structurization. Gaming interfaces already worked well in different areas  , such as OCR error correction and protein folding 30. In order to achieve local and sequential folding  , we required a way to activate the PSPS with a local stimulus. Wires and other discrete components e.g. 12  , the dynamic folding is shown as a continuous sequence of pictures taken at intervals of 57 ms. V. EXPERIMENT In Fig. University faculty lists form the seeds for such a crawl. We are currently working on folding in our classifier module into a web-scale crawler. Lemma 2 shows this crease pattern is correct. 2 builds a self-folding crease pattern in On 2  time and space. Videos of our autonomous folding runs are available at the URL provided in the introduction. The test on the pile of 5 towels was also completely successful. We also Collingbourne et al. The technique is also known as φ-folding 36   , a compiler optimization technique that collapses simple diamond-shaped structures in the CFG. Applications include the folding of robot arms in space when some of the actuators fail. Underactuated robots have been a recent topic of interest l-71. Our approach is based on the successful probabilistic roadmap PRM motion planning method 17. Further results on protein folding can be found in 27. In this paper  , we focus on validating our folding pathways by comparing the order in which the secondary strueturcs form in our paths with results for some small proleins lhat have been deler­ mined by pulse labeling and native state out-exchange ex­ periments 22. For the protein folding pathways found by our PRM frame­ work to be useful  , we must find some way to validate them with known results. For example  , 8 shows that cvery polyhedron can be 'wrapped' by folding a strip of paper around it  , which ad­ dresses a question arising in three-dimensional origami  , e.g. , III In most cases  , origami problems cannot be modeled as trees since the incident faces surrounding a given face form a cycle in the linkage structure. While most of the folding simulations to date have been relatively small  , focusing on runs of short  , engineered proteins  , large-scale simulations such as Folding@Home 13 have come online and are expected to generate a tremendous amount of data. In fact  , since a protein's sequence is static throughout the course of the simulation  , it is not possible to use a sequence-based representation in such settings. In our experiments  , we used folding-in with 20 EM iterations to map a document in test data to its corresponding topic vector . Thus  , BLTM can be considered as performing a translation from title to query via hidden topics. Variations give rise to ambiguity in the data  , and typically result in false negatives. Folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not analyzed in this paper. A method for the second element  , that is  , grasping the end of the deformed cloth  , will be discussed in the future. Also  , the elastic foot has folding sections in front and back relative to the leg. The ellipse foot is arranged with its major axis in line with the running direction. With a simple and fast heuristic we determine the language of the document: we assume the document to be in the language in which it contains the most stopwords. The resulting tokens are then normalised via case folding. For token normalization  , stateof-the-art Information Retrieval techniques such as case folding and word segmentation can be applied 18. 2 In Definition 2.3  , a term is a normalized class of tokens that is included in the system's dictionary. While an ideal cut would result in the same roughness on both sides  , occurrences of bunching  , folding  , tearing  , and debris generation can result in complementary edges with very different cut qualities. the cutting blade. Thus there could be an improvement not only in the dynamics of the structure  , but in the construction by utilizing these composite materials. Previously this differential was constructed using similar folding techniques as the four-bars. During foot removal  , the folding portions of the foot snap back into position shortly after leaving the water. Approximately 40% of each cycle is spent in the water  , 50% in the air  , and 10% retracting from the water. The self-folding devices in this paper were all fabricated using methods consistent with those published in Felton et al. It has two paper laminates: one to fold into a handle and one to provide structure to the sensor loop. As can be seen  , in both cases the problems were solved rather quickly with relatively small roadmaps. For example  , configurations in which the flaps of the box fold over other flaps. In the future  , we expect to further study more efficient motions of the fingers  , possibly in parallel  , to fold knots. The proofs are constructive and give explicit finger placements and folding motions. In future cost reductions could be a motivation t o build robots with fewer actuators than joints and replacing actuators with holding brakes. The former plays a part in folding the fingers and the latter plays a part in stretching the fingers. The muscles or tendons  , which help moving the human hand  , are roughly classified flexor muscles and extensor musclesl. Indri uses a document-distributed retrieval model when operating on a cluster. As such  , #weight folding  , in concert with max score  , gave us a large speedup in the query expansion runs. Protein Folding. In three dimensions  , there exist open and closed chains that can lock 4  , 5  , while  , in dimensions higher than three  , nei­ ther open nor closed chains can lock 6. The two objects in the tank are a triangular prism  , made by folding aluminum sheets  , and an aluminum cylinder with thick walls. In contrast  , the glass observation windows of the tank are smooth  , i.e. , specular reflectors. For the ellipse feet  , the front to back orientation provided far greater lift than the side to side orientation  , shown in Fig. A set of weighted features constitutes a high-dimensional vector  , with one dimension per unique feature in all documents taken together. Features are computed using standard IR techniques like tokenization  , case folding  , stop-word removal  , stemming and phrase detection. Mean values and first and third quartiles are given in Figure 4for both ambiguous and non ambiguous topics. The best performing method according to the Fowlkes-Mallows index is folding  , followed by reciprocal election and maxmin. Also investigations will be made in making the gluing and folding steps easier as the structures are made smaller. Here  , these requirements should be added to the already existing requirements needed to self-contain the microfluidic device. The operation of a packaging machine can be divided into three independent sub tasks: folding  , ing  , and sealing. This paper deals with a control problem common in machines for packaging fluids. However  , having the facets visible at all times did not introduce usability issues either. Maxmin on the other hand discards this original ranking and aims for maximal visual diversity of the representatives. In the case of folding  , the original ranking is respected by preferring higher ranked items as representatives over lower ranked items. We omit queries issued by clicking on the next link and use only first page requests 10 . Queries are passed through cleansing steps  , such as case-folding  , stop-word elimination  , term uniquing  , and reordering of query terms in alphabetical order . To encourage more participation  , a game-like interface is a promising approach. The remaining pd-graphs are obtained by subsequent folding of paths GSe5G5  , G53e4e3G2  , G4ezGz53  , and GlelG4253. The vertices depicted with circles are nodes  , and the numbers in the nodes give their capacity. By replacing T containing crease information cut or hinge to T containing desired angle information  , Alg. 2 finds fold angle u of its original edge ee  in M  , and collects u as a folding information T . Berry and Fierro 2 therefore proposed a technique of 'folding-in' by slightly warping the space around the new data  , which can be done relatively efficiently. This is a problem when the new data have to be added quickly. The problem of capturing functional landscapes over complex spaces is one of general interest. Mean  , first and third quartile performance is given in Figure 6   , while Table 1 presents the performance averaged over all topics. According to this measure  , reciprocal election outperforms folding and maxmin. A variety of transformations may be employed  , including function folding and unfolding  , data type refinement  , and optimizing transformations. Specifications are typically in the form of a very high level language involving mathematical constructs such as sets  , mappings  , relations  , and constraints. Next  , we presented techniques for extracting researcher names and research interests from their homepages. The shaded areas indicate the keyphrases that would be extracted using the default settings of each model. Phrases in bold are those that Kea extracted that are equivalent to author keyphrases after case-folding and stemming. A fourth layer is used to locally activate the contractile component  , enabling sequential and simultaneous folding. In both cases  , the hinge is perforated to make bending easier and to enable precise folds. We used joule heating from resistive circuit traces because as wide as possible to reduce resistance  , preventing unintended heating. In this section  , we explain a cloth deformation model that takes advantage of high-speed motion. Finally  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained with this motion planning method. By using the proposed model  , the trajectory of the robot system can be algebraically obtained when an arbitrary cloth configuration is given. As a consequence  , dynamic folding cannot be realized. In the case where a typical low-speed robot is used  , the proposed model cannot be applied  , and the appropriate deformation of the cloth cannot be achieved. There is also a great potential for motion planning in drug-design  , where it is used to study the folding of complex protein molecules  , see Song and Amato 141. e.g. Kuffncr 121 and Nieuwenhuiwn 3. The types of actuator design of self-folding sheets are determined by a selected actuator design function in Sec. Bridges hold object faces together during fabrication and reduce the number of release cuts required. The concept of a PCR was first introduced in SLB99  , along with its application to ligand-protein binding . This creates a small upward spike in force with a very short duration. Table 2shows show some of the phrase sets extracted from this paper. Their tablet readers do not demonstrate similar behaviors  , as they are not available in the interface 18 . One of these is the ability to narrow or broaden focus  , which readers of magazines accomplish by folding or reorienting the paper. The Lemur utility BuildBasicIndex was used to construct Lemur index files  , which we then converted to document vectors in BBR's format. 7 This parser performed case-folding  , replaced punctuation with whitespace  , and tokenized text at whitespace boundaries. In this experiment  , the robot motion obtained by the simulation is implemented. 12  , the dynamic folding is shown as a continuous sequence of pictures taken at intervals of 57 ms. We therefore utilized a manually folded 24-winding copper-based origami coil with the same folding geometry pattern as Fig. In practice  , MPF was unable to run sufficient current for actuation at this scale. We now describe results on paper folding and protein fold­ ing problems obtained using our PRM-based approach. In this paper we can only show path snapshots; movies can be found at http://www .cs.tamu.edu/faculty/amato/dsmft. In attitude control loops of spacecrafts with CMGs  , the Jacobian maps gimbal rates to components of torque 1. Inverse kinematics can be also linked to other areas  , for example spacecraft control with control moment gyros CMG  , animation   , protein folding. For example  , the image in Figure 1b of a three-page fold-out exhibits distortion from both folding and binder curl. Items that warrant camera-imaging often introduce more complex distortions that cannot be corrected by these techniques. 5 This parser performed case-folding  , replaced punctuation with whitespace  , and tokenized text at whitespace boundaries. As to tokenization  , we removed HTMLtags   , punctuation marks  , applied case-folding  , and mapped marked characters into the unmarked tokens. This is similar to our earlier experiments in the TREC Web track 4  , 5 . This set allows to move from one situation to another by folding or unfolding the parts of tlle semantic graph. The set of definitions is kept in data base for providing this possibility. In the parabolic motion calculation  , the velocity of each joint at the moment that the robot stops is considered as the initial condition. A perfect success rate of 100% was achieved on the 50 end-to-end trials of previously untested towels. We combined MPF and a heat-sensitive shrinking film to self-fold structures by applying global heat. In this paper  , we presented the method  , development  , and usage of self-folding electric devices. For these applications  , different criteria are used to judge the validity of nodes and edges. We have also applied C-PRM to several problems arising in computational Biology and Chemistry such as ligand binding and protein folding. All three of these tasks differ from RMS operations  , in that they only provide a single view of the workspace. Spatial ability was measured by the Paper Folding tests and Stumpf's Cube Perspectives Test. It appears that the facets were heavily used during searching in both versions of the search interface. In the base experimental data set described above  , no attribute values were missing. To ensure the significance of our results  , all results shown are the average of a 10 times cross-folding methodology. The projection facility is implemented like code folding in modern development environments  , in which bodies of methods or comments can be folded and unfolded on request. Secondly  , a projection facility can hide all code associated with a feature in the editor during development  , so that the remaining code can be viewed in isolation. Folding-in refers to the problem of computing representations of documents that were not contained in the original training collection . First  , if the class label of the document is given  , denoted as y d   , we represent the document in the topic space as Inverse kinematics is an essential element in any robotic control system and a considerable research has gone in the last decades in identifying a robust and generic solution to this problem. The problem of folding and unfolding is an interesting research topic and has been studied in several application do­ mains. In particular  , while motion planning does have the ability to answer questions about the reacha­ bility of certain goal states from other states  , its primary ob­ jective is to in fact determine the motions required to reach the goal. Neverthcless  , we show that these additional factors can be dealt with in a reasonable fashion within the PRM framework. The protein folding problem has a complication in that the way in which the protein folds depends on factors other than the purely geometrical con­ straints which govern the polygonal problems. So far our examples have demonstrated the folding capability of CSN. Using the Name Authority action in expand mode  , followed by selecting the text in this query box results in Figure 11  , where the query term has been expanded to include the variants Witten  , I. H. and Witten  , Ian H. This similarity may include the primary sequence over 20 basic amino acids  , or the local folding patterns in the secondary sequence alphabet of size three: α-helix  , β-sheet  , or loop  , or a combination of the two. In the case of protein databases  , scientists are often interested in locating proteins that are similar to a target protein of interest. The abduction angle characterizes the angle of the finger in the palm's plane  , whereas the flexion angle corresponds to the folding of the finger in the plane perpendicular to the palm. Inspired from lo  , the segments of articulation of each finger are concurrent at the wrist's middle point  , C   , as shown in Figure 2a. A major strength of PRMs is that they are quite simple to apply  , requiring only the ability to randomly generate points in C-space  , and then test them for feasibility. Fold " flattens " tables by converting one row into multiple rows  , folding a set of columns together into one column and replicating the rest. Many-to-Many transforms help to tackle higher-order schematic heterogeneities 18 where information is stored partly in data values  , and partly in the schema  , as shown in Figure 8. In a study comparing reading digital documents on a tablet with reading a paper  , the authors point out " lightweight navigation " features present in paper that are missing in their tablet interface. In this work  , the attachment of fine muscles such as ligament  , interosseus  , lumbricalis  , and so on is not considered since it is very difficult to make it artificially. In addition  , the friction loss is very small due to no wire folding at each joint. Therefore  , there are no differences in drive characteristics hetween vertical and horizontal directions   , and so this new joint system provides smoother drive compared with the active universal joint described in our previous reports. Thus  , eachjoint can he driven independently with two degrees of freedom. Gates' vision of " robots in every home " includes a Roomba  , a laundry-folding robot  , and a mobile assistive robot within the home  , with security and lawn-mowing robots outside 1. Contemporary visions of how robots will be used in daily life include many situations in which people interact and share their space with not only one  , but multiple  , robots. To preserve violations of specifications regarding paths in the execution state space  , including liveness properties and precedence properties  , additional conditions must be imposed on the mapping. They have applied this method to verify the correct sequencing of P  , V operations in an operating system. Howard and Alexander 4 suggested that proper sequencing of critical operations in a program can be verified by folding the "state graph" of the program into a given "prototype." The revised taxonomy reveals that  , while both techniques employ some folding  , one folds the state space further to allow exhaustive enumeration of program behaviors  , and the other visits only a sample of the complete space of possible states. The differences between these techniques  , their capabilities  , and their shortcomings illustrate the problems inherent in lumping them together in a taxonomy of fault detection techniques. Folding-in refers to the problem of computing a representation for a document or query that was not contained in the original training collection. Notice that LSA representations for diierent K form a nested sequence   , which is not true for the statistical models which are expected to capture a larger variety of reasonable de- compositions. When the user releases the mouse from their dragging operation   , the selected action Firstname folding in this case is applied  , and any items that are now identical in name are moved next to one another. This is so clicking on an items that is hyperlinked  , for example  , will not cause the browser to navigate away from the current page. Less improvement is obtained here than was observed for the ligand binding because C-PRM mainly optimizes the roadmap connection phase  , and this application spends more of its time in the node generation phase than the other applications studied do. Field studies of robots in educational facilities have used multiple Qrio humanoids along with the Rubi platform 2. In cooperation with BookCrossing   , we mailed all eligible users via the community mailing system  , asking them to participate in our online study. Figure 3: Intra-list similarity behavior a and overlap with original list b for increasing ΘF though without K-folding. When the developer requests a feature to be hidden  , CIDE just leaves a marker to indicate hidden code. Consequently  , an action in the state-based model will correspond to multiple concrete-class events in the traces. Creation of a state-based model typically requires merging similar concrete-class events occurring at different traces and " folding " several concrete-class events occurring at different time stamps within a trace into one. – WSML Text Editor: Until recently ontology engineers using the WSMO paradigm would create there WSMO descriptions by hand in a text editor. Within the WSMT we cater for such users and provide them with additional features including syntax highlighting  , syntax completion  , in line error notification  , content folding and bracket highlighting. The merging of these identical items does not occur at this point as there are cases where it makes sense to apply further transformation. In the case that the towel is originally held by a long side  , the table is used to spread out and regrasp the towel in the short side configuration  , from which point folding proceeds as if the short side had been held originally. 2o. Each finger but the thumb is assumed to be a planar manipulator. The pro­ posed method for graph folding is one of the solutions allowed by the general concept of state safety testing. In the case when only one token is allowed in a place as assumed here we substitute the place and its incident edges by one edge with a variable direction  , including no-direction. Feet with folding components on either side which collapsed during retraction experienced a smaller pull out force than similar feet with collapsing components on the front and back. Such a foot would in fact be more like the basilisk lizard than the standard flat circle used in the previous water runner studies. 19  Israel is deploying stationary robotic gun-sensor platforms along its borders with Gaza in automated kill zones  , equipped with fifty caliber machine guns and armored folding shields. The SWORDS platform developed by Foster-Miller is already at work in Iraq and Afghanistan and is fully capable of carrying lethal weaponry M240 or M249 machine guns  , or a Barrett .50 Caliber rifle. Any attempts to successfully characterize the intermediate structures or analyze common folding pathways  , either between multiple runs of a single protein or among the results of several proteins  , would hinge on an effective structural representation. Major software vendors have exploited the Internet explosion  , integrating web-page creation features into their popular and commonly used products to increase their perceived relevance. This work investigates the effect of the following techniques in reducing HTML document size  , both individually and in combination:  general tidying-up of document  , removal of proprietary tags  , folding of whitespace; We believe that our approach is more realistic in the long run. It is only recently  , for example  , that IBM announced plans to build the world's fastest supercomputer — Blue Gene — which will attempt to compute the three-dimensional folding of human protein molecules. Despite encouraging advances in computation and communication performance in recent years  , we are able to perform these activities only on a very small scale. On the other hand  , folding in other sources such as affiliation or the venue information are likely to yield more accurate rankings. Almost all work in expert ranking so far primarily deals with only document and author nodes and the proposed models do not seem easily extendible when additional sources of information are available. For instance  , a paper published in JCDL might be treated as more indicative of expertise if the query topic is digital libraries than some other conference venues. The development of sensors that utilize self-folding manufacturing techniques and their integration into more complex structures is an important stepping stone in the path towards autonomously assembling machines and robots. Although printable sensors may lack the robust structural strength and reliability of other sensors  , they have many potential applications such as low-cost rapid prototyping and manufacturing of customized designs in residential homes. Furthermore  , the orthogonality in the reduced k-dimensional basis for the column or row space of A depending on inserting terms or documents is corrupted causing deteriorating effects on the new representation. Folding-in is based on the existing latent semantic structure and hence new terms and documents have no effect on the representation of the pre-existing terms and documents. In this way  , we can represent a DTD or Schema structure as a set of parallel trees  , which closely resemble DTD/Schema syntax  , with links connecting some leaves with some roots  , in a graph-like manner. This crossed-links will turn the whole diagram into a graph  , but with interesting visualization and folding properties. By using joints which can only fold in one direction  , theoretically  , feet would slap and stroke in a flat formation  , fold during retraction  , and avoid accidentally collapsing the cavity. These joints fold only downward  , and have a physical stop to prevent them from folding upwards. These two facts  , taken together  , suggest that an improved foot for the water runner would be both elongated  , and have folding components. In that case  , the non-folding  , circular feet were unfairly punished in terms of lift due to the stationary nature of the test setup. Additionally  , problems associated with cavity drag during retraction may be somewhat decreased when the water runner can move forward and the foot pulls out from the cavity more along the entry path. Future test rigs may allow forward motion  , or may flow water past a stationary system to simulate forward movement of the water runner. Our main research question is " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " Therefore   , in this exploratory study we compare two search interfaces; one where the facets panel is always visible and one where the facets panel is collapsible and thus hidden by default. However  , note the empty big circles and squares representing the other short queries in the left and right corners of the simplex in figure 1a  , where the tempered EM could not help. Only the tempered version of EM 7 used for folding prevents that the short query is mapped to that border position. In these techniques  , the state space is considerably simplified by comparison to actual program execution  , but may still be too large to exhaustively enumerat ,e. Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. jEdit's folding feature allows users to hide portions of text by collapsing them into single lines with a visual cue representing the fold and allowing users to expand it. In fact  , in our example the developer would be likely to have been able to complete the task by analysing the number one element suggested on the second iteration Figure 2. More importantly  , the improvement of our system more and more depends on the details  , such as word segmentation  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , etc. , which already have departure from the original goal of TREC in some degree. In experiments  , some methods with good performance but time-consuming can not be applied . The idea was to circulate electrically connected tiles around the structure and to manually short the circuit  , thereby changing reducing the resistance in steps four steps in this case. This section demonstrates self-folding of a variable resistor as an example to show the capability of our system. In this work  , we showed theoretical bounds on the number of fingers needed to grasp and fold string into knots  , while ensuring that the string is held tautly in a polygonal arc. Mounted midway in the water column  , the sensor scans horizontally such that the scene can be safely approximated as two dimensional. For this rca­ son  , we believe motion planning has great potential to help us understand folding. Many widely used tests such as the Cube Comparisons test mental rotation  , Paper Folding test spatial visualization  , and Spatial Orientation test can be found in the Kit of Factor-Referenced Cognitive Tests ETS  , Princeton  , NJ 6. Many tests have been developed in order to measure these various factors of spatial ability. We disabled constant folding in LLVM because our test cases use concrete constants for the optimizations that use dataflow analyses as described in Section 4. The test cases to demonstrate cycles were generated for LLVM- 3.6 with Alive-generated code inserted into the InstCombine pass. We use the unstable branch of Z3 9  , which has better support for quantifiers  , for checking the constraints generated during cycle detection  , type checking  , and test-case generation. In this example the developer does not have access to information from previous tasks or other developers   , so a new concern is created in ConcernMapper. When no positional information is being recorded  , case folding or the removal of stop words would achieve only small savings  , since record-level inverted file entries for common words are represented very compactly in our coding methods. In our experiments we did not remove any stop words  , and retained all case information  , so that every sequence of alphanumeric characters was indexed. To simplify our experiments  , we dropped the document segments that were in the gold standard but were not in the ranked list of selected retrieved segments although we could have kept them by folding them into the LSA spaces. There were a total of 106 bilingual aspects from 36 topics that met this requirement excluding the All Others categories. We provided the goal conformations heforehand  , and then searched in the roadmap for the minimum weight path connecting the extended amino acid chain to the final three­ dimensional structure. A finite supply of electrodes resulted in a relatively sparse set of data 87 samples and offers two distinct ways to analyze the data. The target edge is also identified in the image and the relative distance between the two edges is calculated. The edges of the perimeter of the material are extracted  , the folding edge is identified and its X ,Y ,Z co-ordinates in the robot's base co-ordinate system are calculated. This could possibly involve using another layer of patterned SU-8 for the glue to eliminate the application by hand which risks glue in the flexure joints. It is difficult to characterize the acceleration of the incremental updates by a multiplicative factor  , as it is clearly a different shape than the standard curves. For example  , a page's du value can be increased by folding in the stationary distribution of a random walk that resets to only that page  , exactly analogous to increasing and propagating yu. By folding constraints at join points and using memoization techniques for procedures  , we are able to successfully apply our approach to large software systems. In our experiments  , we identify that on an average 50% of the protocols detected have size 3 or more precedence length 2 or more which cannot be detected by these approaches scalably. By clicking on the fold marker  , the user can switch between an expanded or a collapsed state. Before the searches  , each participant filled out a questionnaire to determine age  , education  , gender and computer experience  , and two psychometric testslO  , a test of verbal fluency Controlled Associations  , test FA-1 and a test for structural visualization Paper Folding  , test VZ-2. This design allowed us to block on experienced/novice users in our assessment of the systems. The ability to extract names of organizations  , people  , locations  , dates and times i.e. " The end result will be the automated generation of the following descriptors for video: Speakers by folding in speaker recognition systems working from the audio to cluster speeches by the same person The end result will be the automated generation of the following descriptors for video: Speakers by folding in speaker recognition systems working from the audio to cluster speeches by the same person   , affording a natural and powerful way of smoothing the distributions. The capacitive contact sensor successfully detected the touch of a human finger and demonstrates the potential to measure applied force. Its design allows for easy integration into the design and fold patterns for more complex machines that may require bi-stable switches  , actuators  , or valves. It is necessary to design a motion planning method in order to execute these elements. The key elements to achieve this dynamic folding of the cloth are: appropriate deformation to fold the cloth and grasping the end of the deformed cloth. By choosing 'download' from the top-left menu see Figure 5  , the data of the formation are broadcast to the robots in the simulator and they begin re-arranging themselves to establish the new formation. When done folding the chain  , the user saves the new formation and gives it a name. gripper mechanism was developed as an endeffector because gripper mechanisms are used very often in laparoscopic surgery. Moreover  , the fiction loss is very small due to the direct wire insertion from each unit to the ann  , which requires no wire folding  , and also the number of degrees of freedom can be easily increased thanks to the unit-type structure. Four experimental urban courses similar in difficulty were created from differently-sized boxes. The goal of Perspective Folding is to not simply to provide a large field of view but to give a frame of reference around the robot and present cues that peripheral vision and optic flow contribute to locomotion  , perception of self-motion  , and perception of other moving objects. Although this is a rather obvious result  , it may provide some insight into the more complicated case in which all the links are obstructed. It simply says that an obstacle can always be avoided by folding the last link into the workspace W  1   , n -1 which is free of collision by assumption. The criteria for specifying similarity are often approximate and the desired output is usually an ordered list of results. None of the subjects had previously participated in any TREC experiment. All subjects are male  , had an average age of 23  , 3 years on line search experience  , and average FA-1 Controlled Associations score of 28.6 and VZ-1 paper folding score 15. Folding intermediates have been an active research area over the last few years. Therefore  , we could study i the intermediate or transition states on the pathway  , and the order in which they are ob­ tained  , or Cii the formation order of secondary structures. Since these types of actuators are activated by uniform external energy sources  , a sheet containing these actuators does not require an internal control system. Recently  , various self-folding actuators triggered by external energy sources  , such as heat 1  , 2  , light 13  , or microwave 14  , in both macro-scales and micro-scales 15 have been introduced. Each edge in the original crease structure is thus mapped to a new crease structure capable of folding into the desired angle. The goal of this step is to take the 2D crease structure and the fold angles of a mesh as input and generate a crease structure that will self-fold the desired angles. As the folding angle approaches 180    , the density reaches its maximum value and the magnetic field increases for a given current. Note that the density of turns can be changed by regulating the gap widths of the valley folds  , which results in variation of the final height. When a simultaneous pattern of movement is reversed the projected trajectories in the relevant phase planes fold over. The detected breakpoints are marked on the trajectory and are indeed located at the folding points  , segmenting the angular position signals at the peaks and valleys of the signals not shown. Folding the overhand knot involves an operation to insert one of the links on the end through a triangle formed by other links  , which in this case has a limited size. Sketch of proof: Consider a 5-link polygonal arc with lengths 100  , 1  , 1  , 1  , 100. The paper presents a new approach to modeling a ve­ hicle system that can be viewed as a further develop­ ment of predicate/transition Petri neLs  , in which the underlying graph is undirected and tokens have a di­ rection attribute. Recent advances in X-ray crystallography and NMR imaging have made it possible to elucidate the folded conformations of a rapidly increasing number of proteins  , However  , little is known today about the folding pathways that transform an extended string of amino acids into a compact and stable structure. Note how intricately and compactly the SSEs are interwoven. This result is in agreement with 27 albeit we perform this comparison on a much higher number of datasets. Since the fp-8192 descriptors were also generated by enumerating paths of length up to seven and also cycles  , the performance difference suggests that the folding that takes place due to the fingerprint's hashing approach negatively impacts the classification performance. Along non-heating portions  , the trace width was made as wide as possible under geometric constraints in order to minimize unwanted heating and deformation. Therefore  , for each hinge  , the trace height was determined empirically to ensure sufficient folding without excessive warping or peeling. In this case  , since the shoulder line was almost vertical and did not give any clues on the tangent direction of the part  , the direction of the grip coordinates determined from the model shape was used as it was. 9c Because the large folding actually happened  , the 3D position corresponding to the shoulder node was far from the position of the model shape. After baking  , we measured the fold angle of each self-folded actuator. To characterize the fold angle as a function of the actuator geometry  , we built eight self-folding strips with gaps on the inner layer in the range of 0.25mm–2mm  , and baked them at 170  C. Each strip has three actuators with the identical gap dimensions. Even though the folding pathways pro­ vided by PRMs cannot be explicitly associated with actual timesteps  , they do provide us with a temporal ordering. So far It has only been possible to identifY approximate intermediate confoTI11ations for few proteins. On the other hand  , reciprocal election significantly outperforms the other methods in terms of variation of information  , a more general performance measure. This indicates that the folding approach benefits from its strong mechanism to automatically and dynamically select a proper number of clusters. For example   , an optimizer might include constant folding  , common subexpression elimination  , dead code elimination   , loop invariant code motion  , and inline expansion of procedure calls. Ambitious optimizers for sequential machines perform numerous transformations that involve deletion  , simplification  , and reordering of the generated code in an attempt to decrease the program's running time and space requirements. The next steps will include the development of a folding mechanism for the wings and the integration of a terrestrial locomotion mode e.g. This microglider prototype is a first step in our exploration of gliding as an alternative or complementary locomotion for miniature robotics to overcome obstacles and increase the traveling distance per energy unit. 2 builds and outputs a self-folding crease pattern V   , E   , F   , T  in On 2  time and space. 8shows a graph of an implemented actuator design function. The lamp was fabricated in the same manner as the switch  , but with a different fold pattern and shape. An additional paper layer was inserted between the PSPS and PCB to act as a lever arm and increase the folding torque. Motion planning is a very challenging problem that involves complicated physical constraints and high-dimensional configuration spaces. Research interests in this problem have been further fueled by the insight that the robot motion planning problem shares much similarity with and can serve as a model of diverse physical geometry problems such as mechanical system disassembly  , computer animation  , protein folding  , ligand docking and surgery planning. The con­ figuration of the ligand in the binding site has low potential energy  , and so the usual PRM feasibility test collision is replaced by a test for low potential energy. Besides ligand binding 16  , it has been applied also to study protein folding problems 17  , 18J as well. Some common preferences include large clearance  , small rotation  , low curvature smoothness  , few sharp corners  , avoiding singularities for manipulators  , or low potential energies Tor ligand binding and protein folding see Table 2. Usually  , there are other desirable properties for a path in addition to the basic requirement that it be collision-free. Because of our multilingual reader population  , we are considering " folding " accented and nonaccented characters together in search queries. For example  , searching utilities frequently are character-set neutral we use the MG system 8  , 11  , but expect that these observations apply more generally. However when more and more data have to be added  , the error accumulates to undesirable proportions. In addition  , elliptical feet with the major axis aligned side to side experienced a much greater pull out force than a similar foot with major axis aligned front to back. All feet with directionally compliant flaps which collapse during retraction performed better than feet which in no way collapsed during retraction. Feet with folding sections aligned front to back which remain flat during the slap and stroke phase and which collapse during retraction from the water were found to provide the largest lift and create the least drag. On the other hand  , the participant with a losing hand would try to bet in a way that the other players would assume otherwise and raise the bet taking high risks. Therefore  , a poker player with a winning hand would try to bet carefully to keep the pot growing and at the same time keep the opponent from folding early. Code fragments are hidden if they do not belong to the selected feature set the developer has selected as relevant for a task. For example  , in CIDE 22  , developers can create views on a specific feature selection  , hiding irrelevant files and irrelevant code fragments inside files  , with standard code-folding techniques at the IDE level. Quick navigation of traditional search engine results lets users overcome the inaccuracies inherent in automated search because user's can quickly check the links and choose those that match. Folding such displays lets users more quickly navigate such structure  , which is particularly useful for large hierarchies. Note that search engine operations such as stemming and case-folding may preclude highlighting by re-scanning the retrieved documents for the search terms. Search terms can easily be highlighted in found documents if they are presented using the internal representation; otherwise some word-by-word positional mapping back to the original may be needed. Indeed  , it can he argued that the PRM framework was instrumental in this broadening of the range of applicability of motion planning  , as many of these prohlems had never before heen considered candidates for automatic methods. CAD e.g. , maintainability 16  , 111  , deformable objects 2  , 5  , HI  , and even computational Biology and Chemistry e.g. , ligand docking 7  , 221  , protein folding 3 ,23  , 241. Future work will attempt to quantify and maximize the capabilities of this technique  , in particular by testing new materials. Once the hinges are capable of lifting the weight of the body  , a self-folding robot could transform from a planar structure to a fully operational machine without human intervention. However  , when positional information is added the inverted file entries for common words become dramatically larger. After the folding  , path T becomes undirected  , hence any of the remaining paths forms a cycle with END Note that in the case when two nodes are connected by more than one path  , it is sufficient to fold only one of them  , say path T   , for transforming the whole subgraph into a chained component. In a poker game  , bluff strategy is usually dependent on the card hand strength. Although it is currently only used in a remote controlled manner  , an IDF division commander is quoted as saying " At least in the initial phases of deployment  , we're going to have to keep a man in the loop "   , implying the potential for more autonomous operations in the future. This system  , presented in detail in 9  , uses a two-jaw gripper with forceltorque sensing for handling flat textile material. Limitations of this system are as follows: i Edge pick up results in fabric distortion during pick up  , ii Errors may result due to unpredictable behavior of material due to ambient and material dynamics  , and  , iii The weight of material and its stiffness and friction values play an important role in defining the trajectory during 'laying by dragging' and folding operations. Among the perspective-taking tests are the Perspective-Taking Ability PTA Test  , a computer-based test developed from the work described in 10  , and the Purdue Spatial Visualizations test: Visualization of Views PSVV  , a paper-and pencil test found in 8. Instead of folding the known answer into the query in cases like this  , we allow the question answering system's regular procedure to generate a set of candidate answers first  , and check them to be within some experimentally determined range of the answer the knowledge source provides. In addition to having to find a number in the vicinity of " 1 million square miles "   , we also need to account for the fact that the passage may talk about square kilometers  , or acres. In particular  , obtaining the desired cloth configuration is a key element to the success of this task. In this simulation  , the size of the cloth is 0.4 m × 0.4 m. Since the number of joints m  , n of the multi-link model is 20  , 20  , the link distance l is 0.02 m. In order to achieve dynamic folding of the cloth  , motion planning of the robot system is extremely important. 6 Similarly to the concerns raised in the context of external rewards and incentivisation 18  , gamification has been seen  , in some context  , to undermine intrinsic benefits by subjugating and trivialising contributions into simple game goals and achievements. Many projects have already demonstrated substantial success in applying this idea to crowdsourcing settings; this applies most prominently for games-with-a purpose GWAPs 27  , which build a game narrative around human computation tasks such as image labeling 26  , protein folding  , 5 or language translation. Thus  , the key elements are terms w taken from a vocabulary V R of observed words in the literal values of RDF statements in R. To obtain realistic indices we apply common techniques from the field of Information Retrieval  , such as case folding and stemming. Index structures in this context hardly use a full literal as key elements for indexing  , but rather apply term based relevance scores and retrieval methods. Figure 9shows the tape edge roughness for both the left and right sides of the tape  , indicating that the roughness on each side of the tape are generally similar to one another  , though in some cases the left side underneath the cutter is much rougher than the corresponding right side. As queries we assume single term queries  , which form the basis for more complex and combined queries in a typical Information Retrieval setting. Owing to its simple structure  , the diameter is successfully reduced to 10 mm  , which is sufficiently small for laparoscopic surgery. A camera is positioned above the table with its visual axis forming an angle of 30° with the vertical  , in a way that the target edge appears at the lower edge of the acquired image. Second  , in PRM applications  , it is usually considered sufficient to find any feasible path connecting the start and goal. This work investigates the effect of the following techniques in reducing HTML document size  , both individually and in combination:  general tidying-up of document  , removal of proprietary tags  , folding of whitespace; Because the HTML under consideration is automatically generated and fits the DTD  , the parser need not be able to handle incorrect HTML; it can be much less robust than the parsers used by web browsers. It implements a well-defined control structure for the control of the gripper. Ultimately we used 92 bilingual aspects from 33 topics  , including 3 Chinese aspects that could only be used as training data for English aspect classification because each of them had only 4 segments. More generally  , the models provide insight regarding the effects of various design parameters on jump gliding performance -for example  , to explore the merits of a more complex wing folding mechanism that reduces drag at the expense of greater weight  , or to evaluate the improvement possible with a reduced body area. In addition  , in all phases of the maneuver  , the aircraft can benefit from the increased controllability offered by its wings without suffering significantly from increased drag. On this occasion we are interested in the author Schön  , Donald A. and—due to the nature of the errors that occur—this time we will need to combine a sequence of name folding Figure 6shows the sequence of transforms the user makes  , with Fig- ure 6ashowing the initial names produced by I-Share. We illustrate our second example within I-Share  , Illinois' statewide integrated academic and research library system. Typical full-text indexing e.g. , as provided by Solr 2  analyzes the contents of each text page performing lexical transforms such as case folding  , stop-word removal and stemming and creates for each term an index entry with references to the pages on which the term appears see Figure 1   , top. 3 For simplicity  , we abstract from the precise locations in which the terms appear on each page. For the same mass  , we could use either a 30pm thick cantilever   , 1 mm wide  , with cross-sectional moment of Figure 6  , the 4 bar mechanism including box beam links and flexural joints can be fabricated by folding a sheet of photo-etched or laser cut stainless steel. Consider the links of the 4 bar&structure shown in Figure 5  , with a mass of 0.24 mg/mm length. In the robot conditi phic robot EDDIE  , LSR  , TU München were presen robot face developed to express emotions and thus atures relevant for emotional expressiveness big ey with additional animal-like characteristics folding omb on top of its head as well as lizard-like ears on es  , these features were not used: the robot had an invaria he comb and ears folded almost not visible. n  , the face of the same female individual was presen ed Emotional Faces database 25. The output tree from the second phase is passed to the constant folding phase which replaces all identifiers and expressions that can be guaranteed to contain constant values with those values. This tree is then passed to the second phase which performs dead code removal of statements that can be proven unreachable or are never used in a computation affecting the output of the source program being optimized. The sensing structure consisted of  , from top to bottom  , an SMP layer  , a heating circuit layer  , two layers of paper  , and a sensing copper-clad polyimide layer which contained the loop where voltage was measured Fig. Robots must be small to fit in operating rooms which are packed with  , various precision machines; there is no small  , light surgery robot system that can rival our system. Some major robotics motivations for the study of the path planning problem are the paramount importance of efficient motion planners in the realization of highly autonomous robots and in the applications of robots in manufacturing  , space exploration and environment hazard cleaningup. The rst two factors have been selected as the ones with the highest probablity to generate the word ight"  , the last two factors have the highest probability to generate the word love". We h a ve performed Figure 2: Folding in a query conisting of the terms aid"  , food"  , medical"  , people"  , UN"  , and war": evolution of posterior probabilities and the mixing proportions P zjq rightmost column in each bar plot for the four factors depicted in Table 2Table 1shows a reduced representation of 4 factors from a 128 factor solu- tion. Indeed  , it can be argued that the P R M framework was instrumental in this broadening of the range of applicability of motion planning  , as many of these problems had never before been considered candidates for automatic methods. These successes sparked a flurry of activity in which P R M motion planning techniques were applied to a number of challenging problems arising in a variety of fields including robotics e.g. , closed-chain  11  , 16  , CAD e.g. , maintainability 3  , 81   , deformable ob- jects 2  , 13   , and even computational Biology and Chemistry e.g. , ligand docking 4  , 181  , protein folding 19 ,20. The s ,pecification of the optimizer example includes the definition of two tree types: initial representing the abstract syntax of the source language with no embedded attributes on any abstract syntax tree node  , and live representing the abstract syntax of the source language with live on exit facts embedded in do state- ments. Animation also ensures that the current state of the entity is being mapped  , which is an essential property for software evolution. Modern maps provide magnified inse$ zooming to show needed detail in small  , critical regions  , thus allowing the main map to be rendered at a smaller scale; they provide indexes of special entities e.g. , roads  , parks  , schools to permit locating them by alphabetic search rather than scanning the entire map; they are creased to permit folding to fit in a small space  , while at the same time allowing two far-away locations to be placed next to each other; they can be marked  , annotated  , and stuck with pins to record long  , complex routes and mark one's current location on that route; and the color scheme can be " dimmed " on parts of the map to indicate they imated maps allow the map user to dynamically choose what is zoomed and how much  , what is dimmed  , and what features are displayed on the map  , permitting a higher level of customization than informal actions like folding and marking. Maps have evolved over time to address scale issues  141. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2 reviews the existing stateof-the-art technology in limp material handling. The overall system's capabilities 6  , 7 1 may be summarized as follows: i ability to 'pick and place " single and multiple limp material panels without causing damage  , distortion  , deformation or folding of the material  , ii a b i l i to operate with a reliability of 2 99%  , iii ability to perform material manipulation at a rate of 2 12 paneldminute as required by the industry' with a maximum manipulation rate of about 22 panels per minute  , iv abilii to handle the entire stack or a desired number of panels in a stack of material  , and  , v abillty to handle a wide variety of limp materials such as fabric  , leather  , sheet metals etc. , without having to change the physical configuration of the system. 14 is a non-trivial task because it needs to search over all possible ranking combinations . Stack Search Maximizing Eq. Cancel stops a search in progress. Forward moves in the opposite direction through the results stack. The search is terminated when the stack is empty. If a leaf node is popped off the stack  , we can return the qualifying entries that we find on it. The choice of a stack indicates our preference for a 'depth-first-search' exploration from the starting assembled configuration. S is a stack of configurations  , initially containing only the assembled configuration  , that are recursively 'expanded' until a disassembly is obtained. The search follows scoping rules. Binding a name n is performed by a search in the environment stack for one or more binders n29. Applying an exponential utility function u ′ > 0 and u ′′ < 0 2 gives the mapping function as: In order to remember a yet-to-be visited node on the stack  , we push the pointer and the LSN we found in the corresponding entry. Stack Skyline points SL Finally  , p8  , p9 dominated by {p1} in SL is skipped and the search completes. Such a search engine might retrieve a number of components that contain the word Stack somewhere maybe they use a Stack  , but only very few of them implement the appropriate data structure. Consider the above mentioned keyword-based search technique  , for instance. This is implemented by the following pseudo code: new command name: ALL OPERATION; move the cursor to the form with heading DATA ABSTRACTION: stack; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; loop: while there is child form with heading OPERATION ; display the operation name and its I/0 entry; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; end loop ; The extended command ALL__OPERATION stack displays useful methodology oriented information and greatly reduces the number of key strokes n ec essary. For example  , consider the command ALL OPERATIONstack which displays the entries of the--I/0 headings in the forms for a data abstraction named stack. The simplest rule is to follow strictly the structure of the stack  , from the top down towards the bottom. Web pages on stackoverflow .com are optimized towards search engines and performance . Stack Overflow was designed to be used such that Google is UI. See 21 for discussion on the impact of search order on distance computation. For example  , a LIFO ordering policy is equivalent to a stack. This is effectively done in the same cycle that the search is conducted. The contents of the bit-stack can be manipulated as optional operations of search or pointer transfer instructions. The stack enables the testing of parent-child and ancestor-descendant relationships and limits the search space during the subsequence matching. By using a single runtime stack  , the subsequence matching phase is optimized by avoiding redundant accesses to the hash index. By complementing part of the search result before OR'ing  , and complementing the result that is entered in the stack  , and AND'ing operation is possible. The results of searching for words in qualified records or of pointer transfer are normally OR'ed together into one bit that is "entered" into the bit stack. The Limpid Desk system meets our requirement of giving simple access to physical documents. The Limpid Desk supports physical search interaction techniques  , such as 'stack browsing' in which the upper layer documents are transparentized one by one through to the bottom of the stack. When the user touches a document on the desk the system detects the touch via the thermo-camera and then the upper layer document is virtually transparentized by projection. Find takes the following arguments: stack  , which contains the nodes on the path from the root to the current node of Find Find starts tree traversal from the top node of the stack; if the stack is empty  , the root of the tree is assumed; search-key  , the key value being sought; lock-mode  , a flag which indicates whether an exclusive lock  , shared lock  , or neither should be obtained on the key returned by Find; and latch-mode  , a flag which if True indicates that the node at which Find terminates should be latched exclusively. Other search modes such as > or = can be supported via straightforward extensions. In particular  , suppose that peek and search are the features or operations to be added and that PeekCapability and SearchCapability are the interfaces that define these two features  , respectively. For a concrete example  , suppose that a client needs to extend a Stack component interface that provides basic stack operations  , such as  , push  , pop  , and empty. Shown below is an interface to add the peek operation: public interface PeekCapability extends Stack { Object peek; } The first difference in implementation with enhancements arises in implementing a feature  , such as peek. The library will contain several features to extend the Stack interface  , such as peek and search among others. The search terminates when it finds a section that contains one or more such binders. Note that this is not the standard representation of discrete domains in CP. The trail  , i.e. , the data structure needed to restore the domain to any ancestor node of the search tree  , is thus a stack of the sizes. These candidates are incomplete solutions till rank i. We use stack search similar to 30  , which keeps a list of the best n ranking combinations as candidates seen so far. The Q qualification bit in delimiter words is used to mark qualified nodes that will be searched. The results of the search in the subtree are stored in the bit stack in the delimiter with S=l. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. The common approach which we follow here is that the scopes are organized in an environment stack with the " search from the top " rule. according to the actual scope for the name. Plurality is implemented using Apache's Solr – a web services stack built over the Lucene search engine – to provide real-time tag suggestions. With these challenges in mind  , we introduce Plurality – an interactive tagging recommendation system see Figure 1. In the past  , randomized techniques have been combined with more deliberate methods to great success . They developed an improved search engine for content on Stack Overflow which recommends question-and-answer pairs as opposed to entire Q&A threads based on a query. The swap operation on two top bits allows us to preserve the search result of two separate traces. However  , what we have is a stack associated with the delimiter of each record and only the top bit is accessible. many cases  , the children depended on their parent's guidance through joint search in the stack or library  , but we observed that in 34 groups the children chose their own books. The visits observed appeared very social or recreational in nature. Rather  , the back-trail is kept by temporarily reversing pointers during the initial search. This routine  , called ~elete  , takes the same arguments as basic-delete ,but no local stack  , S  , is needed. In the second version a compactification of code is achieved by a suitable "renaming" imposed on D. In the third version  , the search trail is kept in D itself and the appropriate pointers are restored as the backscan occurs. In the first program a local stack  , S  , is used to save the search trail. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l The main difference is that the candidates for further expansion are managed in a queue instead of a stack. Duplication is useful in the case when the record is to be used as context for another operation which consumes the top bit. ,Dm ORB JNB  ,om I ANB SWB  , I I ORB First  , the one-bit search result can be pushed PUB onto the stack and optionally duplicated DUB so that the top two bits represent two copies of the search result. This simple but extremely flexible prioritization scheme includes as a special case the simpler strategies of breadth-first search i.e. , a queue and depth-first search i.e. , a stack. Simply by assigning a priority to each alternative   , the DBC can determine the order of evaluation of invocations  , achieving flexible evaluation order  , one of our major objectives. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? The forward and back buttons work like the buttons in a web browser: back displays the previously displayed search results  , changing the tabs and search criteria at the top of the window as appropriate. For a given set of forms  , the expert programmer can implement extended commands which are more friendly and optimal in terms of key strokes. The results obtained from a search driven by the above test for a stack are summarized in the first row of The second row of the table shows how many functionally equivalent components are returned when a more elaborate test is used to drive the search. Merobase is also accompanied by an Eclipse plug-in called CodeConjurer  that makes the search functionality available within the widely used Eclipse development environment 4. As expected  , the number of results is lower because fewer components were able to pass the more stringent tests. In an evaluation  , the authors found that the inclusion of different types of contextual information associated with an exception can enhance the accuracy of recommendations. The Stack Overflow API is one of the search APIs used in their work  , and their approach captures the context in a similar fashion to the work by Cordeiro et al. Some extensions to the structure of stacks used in PLs are necessary to accommodate in particular the fact that in a database we have persistent and bulk data structures. A bit can also be popped from this bit stack to enable rewriting words in the qualified records in the subtree. The transmission of the result of a search back to the delimiter word is a special problem called backward marking. This is useful in the situation where we want to trace two link lists to find their intersections. The third alternative is to first swap SWB the top two bits on the stack before ANDing or ORing the new search result with the top bit. The operands for long instructions can be immediate operands i.e. , the second word of a double length instruction or other sources including words popped from a word stack  , located within the segment memories  , as we now show. Some instructions require a full word search or rewrite operand long instructions but others do not short instructions. A local push-down stack is a suitable device to save the successive nodes of such a path together with an indication of the direction from which they were exited. Unlike the simple search given above  , the path so defined must be remembered. Required hardware can be emulated in software on current more powerful computers   , and therefore emulators can reproduce a document's exact appearance and behavior. We would like to add the document content to a search engine or send the document to others to read without the overhead of the emulation stack  , but cannot. However  , s contains concrete memory addresses in order to identify events accessing shared memory locations. During systematic concurrency testing  , ρ is stored in a search stack S. We call s ∈ S an abstract state  , because unlike a concrete program state  , s does not store the actual valuation of all program variables. Two additional Javascript libraries provided the time-line 2 and rectangular area select for copy/paste 3 capabilities. The search capability to the interface was built using AJAX calls to the Solr server  , with a jQuery " stack " to provide the bulk of the interactive features: jQuery-UI and the pan-andzoom jQuery plugin 1 in particular. When using enhancements  , the interfaces of components should provide only a minimal set of operations  , because it is easy to add additional operations. For example  , to switch the implementations in myStack declaration  , only a local modification is necessary as shown below: Once a Stack with appropriate features is created  , the operations of the base type stack push  , pop  , empty can be called directly as in the call below: myStack.push"abc"; In general  , a cast is needed to call an enhanced operation  , though it can be avoided if only one enhancement is added: SearchCapabilitymyStack.search; This flexibility allows implementations to be changed  , at a single location in the code. The ranking criteria used by their approach consists of the textual similarity of the question-and-answer pairs to the query and the quality of these pairs. This helps in alleviating an inherent limitation of symbolic execution by building on results from tools that do not suffer from the same limitation. Nevertheless  , configurations MAY and MAY × MUST overall reach significantly fewer bounds than PV for instance  , the max-stack bound is never reached by pruning verified parts of the search space. But finding the document and extracting it remains at least as difficult as interpreting the document file's original bitstream. To show that these results also hold for code programmers struggle to write  , we repeated the same experiment on code snippets gathered from questions asked on the popular Stack Overflow website. This shows that the vast majority 99% in our study of statements in real Java code have depth at most 4  , which our results above show that CodeHint can easily search. This is because our instrumentation introduces additional conjuncts in the path conditions  , occasionally making constraint solving harder. We could use a tool such as grep to search for this.idIndex  , but such an approach is very crude and may match statements unrelated to the crash. We cannot answer these questions easily by inspecting the stack trace and source code. , sn of states such that for all 1 ≤ i ≤ n  , there exists a transition si−1 e i → si.  The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. 34 of the 51 interviewed participants had searched the catalogue before entering the stack; 16 had searched the online catalogue using a library computer see Fig. Nine participants did not search the catalogue  , saying they were familiar enough with the layout of the library that they could go straight to the shelves or sections where books they wished to use were found. The query descriptor is assembled by the parser and passed as a parameter into the search function  , which then uses SAPI functions to extract the operator and the qualification constants. For internal pages  , the child pointers are extracted from the matching items and stored on a stack for future traversal. When Find is called on behalf of a read-only transaction lock-mode is None indicating no lock  , and latch-mode is False. The following nine subjects are simple data structures: binheap implements priority queues with binomial heaps 48; bst implements a set using binary search trees 49 ; deque implements a double-ended queue using doubly-linked lists 8; fibheap is an implementation of priority queues using Fibonacci heaps 48 ; heaparray is an array-based implementation of priority queues 3 ,49 ; queue is an object queue implemented using two stacks 10; stack is an object stack 10; treemap implements maps using red-black trees based on Java collection 1.4 3 ,48 ,49 ; ubstack is an array-based implementation of a stack bounded in size  , storing integers without repetition 7  , 30  , 42. For most subject  , we had several undergraduate and graduate students implement more versions  , and for some subjects  , we created versions by seeding errors. If the client wants to choose the implementations ArrayImpl for Stack interface  , PeekImpl1 for PeekCapability  , and SearchImpl for SearchCapability  , then using the code pattern proposed in Section 4 of this paper  , the following declaration can be used: In particular  , suppose that peek and search are the features or operations to be added and that PeekCapability and SearchCapability are the interfaces that define these two features  , respectively. RDF is the core part of the Semantic Web stack and defines the abstract data model for the Semantic Web in the form of triples that express the connection between web resources and provide property values describing resources. To arrive at a comparable subset of search systems we will have to restrict the above definition to systems that retrieve data from a knowledge base containing RDF data 17. Later  , when the designer needs to model the transport system between production cells of the flexible manufacturing system  , he can search in the repository and recover candidates models for reuse. Returning to the scenario described in Section 5  , the designer of the railroad system identified the stack and the queue models as potentially reusable and stored them in the repository as described in the Section 5.1. Figure 7shows classification data for all VCs generated from a sample catalog of RESOLVE component client code that relies on existing  , formally-specified components to implement extensions  , which add additional functionality e.g. , the aforementioned Stack Reverse. The code ranges from simple implementations of arithmetic using unbounded integers  , to sorting arbitrary items with arbitrary orderings  , and includes classical code such as binary search using bounded integers. This confirms that the search of CnC is much more directed and deeper  , yet does not miss any errors uncovered by random testing. As can be seen in the table  , CnC detects all the errors found by JCrasher with only a fraction of the test cases except for UB-Stack  , where JCrasher found few opportunities to create random data conforming to the class's interface and slightly fewer reports. This approach is a core of the definiton of query operators  , including selection  , projection/navigation  , join  , and quantifiers. If the binding of the name EMP returns among others an identifier ii  , then the scope in which it makes sense to bind the name SAL is nested If this set is pushed as a new scope onto the stack then the search for bindings for SAL will find the object representing the salary of the given employee  , as required. To maximize the CPU utilization efficiency  , the data manipulation is structured as non-blocking with respect to the following I/O operations: transfer of input data for procedures among cluster nodes  , other request/reply communication between search engine components on different cluster nodes  , HTTP communication with web servers  , and local disk reads and writes. This approach avoids the performance overheads associated with threads: kernel scheduling  , context switching  , stack and task data structures allocation  , synchronization   , inter-thread communication  , and thread safety issues. Then  , with the window with the code in it displayed  , we would observe the user dragging out a rectangular region to capture the lines of code in this older version of the function that are of interested to them  , so they can bring it forward in time to be pasted into the current version of the code. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. When an application initializes Comm- Lib  , it automatically initiates an instance of ServiceX. Lib instances. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. , in terms of purity and precision. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. As shown in Table 4  , the proposed methods outperformed TF*IDF in terms of multiple metrics. Lib exposes a public API  , createSocket  , which constructs Socket objects on behalf of its clients. Sample Code Figure 1shows the Java code of two library classes  , Lib and Priv  , and two client classes  , Enterprise and School. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. Hence we propose three fusion methods to combine the two quantities by addition and multiplication: 1. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. Working versions are contained in libraries whose names consist of Xlib   , and the corresponding systems versions are found in <lib . The working version belongs therefore to the programmer private  , who is capable of modifying it unprotected . SPL-programs for example are found in the libraries XSPL and SPL. The application runs from the command line. All D-Lib articles are written in HTML. Daikon 4.6.4 is an invariant generator http://pag.csail.mit.edu/daikon/. com/p/plume-lib/  , downloaded on Feb. 3  , 2010. To prevent its clients now on the stack from requiring the relevant FilePermission—which a maliciously crafted client could misuse to erase the contents Classes Permissions Enterprise School Lib Priv java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com:80"  , "connect" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu:80"  , "connect" java.io. FilePermission "C:/log.txt"  , "write" Upon constructing a Socket  , Lib logs the operation to a file. LIB is similar in spirit to IDF and its value represents the discriminative power of the term when it appears in a document. The larger the LIB  , the more information the term contributes to the document and should be weighted more heavily in the document representation . By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term  , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents  , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. Experiments showed that methods with the LIB quantity were more effective in terms of within-cluster accuracy e.g. , precision and purity. The first Col/Lib and second Loc columns give information about the name of the collection and their location. Subsequently  , each block is sorted according to geographical location second column  , value: Loc  , and finally  , the collections or the libraries first column  , value: Col/Lib are ordered alphabetically for each geographical location. The evaluation results are presented in Table 3. The approach is evaluated on four open source applica- tions: Neuroph  , WURFL  , Joda-Time  , and Json-lib. For evaluation purposes  , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. The average reference accuracy is the average over all the references. The above equation gives the amount of information a term conveys in a document regardless of its semantic direction . Hence  , LI Binary LIB can be computed by: We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. The second example gathers and stores reference linking information for future use. Plume is a library of utility programs and data structures http://code.google. Avatar assistant robot  , which can be controlled remotely by a native teacher  , animates the 3D face model with facial expression and lib-sync for remote user's voice. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. A possible reason is that many of the interclass invocations are associated with APIs whose parameters are often named more carefully. Querying Google with the LS returns 11 documents  , none of which is the DLI2 homepage. The third LS is taken from Wilensky's and Phelps article in D-Lib Magazine from July 2000 11. have been generated based on keyword and document semantic proximities 7. As a demonstration of the viability of the proposed methodology  , SKSs for a number of communities the Los Alamos National Laboratory's LANL Research Library http://lib-www.lanl.gov/. Annotations made in the reader are automatically stored in the same Up- Lib repository that stores the image and text projections. This reader provides thumbnail overviews  , freehand pen annotations  , highlighting  , text sticky notes  , bookmarks  , and full text keyword search. Additionally  , we use the keyboard to allow for the entrance of data. The display may be used in text mode or graphics mode by direct access to video memory by using SVGA-lib. The first column contains the collection names from ten university libraries. The default resolution of symbols is to routines in the library itself. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: For thrift-lib-w2-5t  , although HaPSet checked 14 runs  , it actually spent more time than what DPOR spent on checking 23 runs. Second  , the monitoring and control of memoryaccessing events often have large overhead. These environments are dominated by issues of software construction. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. The DMG-Lib concept and workflow takes into account that technical knowledge exists in different forms e.g. These functional models are digitized and available as videos and interactive animations. In addition  , whereas KL is infinite given extreme probabilities e.g. , for rare terms  , the amount of least information is bounded by the number of inferences. Experiments on several benchmark collections showed very strong per-formances of LIT-based term weighting schemes. These animations are augmenting original figures and can be displayed in the e-book pages with an integrated Java Applet. To better understand the motion of figured mechanisms and machines DMG-Lib can animate selected figures within e-books. One for the flight vehicle information such as predicted pose and velocity provided by the INS  , RPM data and air speed data  , while the other bus handles the DDF information. At run time  , the two clients will require SocketPermissions to resolve the names and connect to ports 80 of hosts ibm.com and vt.edu  , respectively. where ni is the document frequency of term ti and N is the total number of documents. The two are related quantities with different focuses. While LIB uses binary term occurrence to estimate least information a document carries in the term  , LIF measures the amount of least information based on term frequency. Here thrift-lib-w2-5t  , for example  , stands for the test case with 2 worker threads and 5 tasks per worker. The first four columns show the name  , the lines of code  , the number of threads  , and the bug type. This scanner then adds supported document types that it finds to a specified instance of an Up- Lib repository. UC also includes a utility to scan a portion of the file system specified by the user. texts  , pictures and physical models see Figure1 and requires analytical  , graphical and physical forms of representation. lib " represents the library from which the manuscript contained in the image originates and can be one of eight labels: i AC -The Allan and Maria Myers Academic Centre  , University of Melbourne  , Australia. fol " .tif. " A limitation of the case studies is that all the applications and components used were software developed by ABB Inc. involving .lib library files. The second author then revealed the actual changes and the black-box testing results. Our first corpus contained the complete runs of the ACM International Conference on Digital Libraries and the JCDL conference  , and the complete run of D-Lib Magazine see Table  2. We selected two corpora to work from. Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. {10} {1 ,2 ,7 ,10}{1 ,2 ,3 ,7 ,8 ,10} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,7 ,8 ,92 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Description ,Library {9} {4 ,6 ,9} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Even if the indexing phase is correct  , certain documents may not have been indexed under all the conditions that could apply to them. Lib. Typically text documents in the field of mechanisms and machine science are containing many figures. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: The reference can be obtained using the library pathname. In the CLR  , the privilege-asserting API is Assert. of the file or log false information in it—Lib creates an instance of Priv and passes it to doPrivileged  , the Java privilege-asserting API 6  , which modifies the stack-inspection mechanism as follows: at run time  , doPrivileged invokes the run method of that Priv object  , and when the stack inspection is performed to verify that each caller on the stack has been granted the necessary FilePermission  , the stack walk recognizes the presence of doPrivileged and stops at createSocket  , without demanding the FilePermission of the clients of Lib. The solution presented in this paper addresses these concerns. These 690 requests were targeting 30 of our 541 monitored shells  , showing that not all homephoning shells will eventually be accessed by attackers. As mentioned earlier  , since these URLs  , e.g. , www.banking.com/img/lib/shell3.php  , were never made public   , anyone who knows them  , must know them because a shell  , either through client-side  , or server-side homephoning   , leaked its precise URL to an attacker. The remaining columns show the performance of each method  , including the number of interleavings tested and the run time in seconds. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l The mechanisms communicate with each other by a simple structure  , the file system. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. The Digital Mechanism and Gear Library is a heterogeneous digital library with regard to the resources and media types. LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . Library means that the library has created its own digitized or born-digital material. The fourth column A-m shows the acquisition method of the material  , which has five values: library Lib  , third-party T-p  , license Lic  , purchase Pur and voluntary deposit V-d. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed control method for the exoskeleton  , upper-lib motion assist bower assist experiment has be& carried out with tbree healthy human subjects Subject A and B are 22 years old males  , Subject C is 23 years old male. Segmentation of the gait cycle based on the lib-terrain interaction isolates portions of the gait bounce signal with high information content. Different limb-terrain interactions generate 222 gait bounce signals with different information content  , thus deliberate limb motions can effect higher information content. The experimental setup is shown in Fig. There are three blocks or categories: digitized value: Dig  , digitized and born-digital value: Dig  , B-d  , and born-digital value: B-d. Library and owners can appear as value Lib  , Own  , if both the library and the owners require written permission. Case-by-case means that the written permission is examined on case-by-case basis and N/A means that it is not applicable. This is because not all these 14 runs are included in the 23 runs; and each run may execute a different set of statements and therefore may take a different amount of time. 12 Although the most recent version of the application profile  , from September 2004 13  , retains the prohibition on role refinement of <dc:creator>  , the efforts the DC- Lib group made to find some mechanism for communicating this information supports the view that role qualification is considered important. They are not included in the application profile  , awaiting approval by DCMI of a mechanism to express these. " In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. As discussed  , the LIB quantity is similar in spirit to IDF inverse document frequency whereas LIF can be seen as a means to normalize TF term frequency. Whereas LIF well supported recall  , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin  , particularly in terms of purity  , precision  , and rand index. In all experiments on the four benchmark collections  , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. Unfortunately  , this effort has not been continued. Related to this effort  , the D-Lib Working Group on Digital Library Metrics 2 was formed and was involved in the organisation of a workshop 3 in 1998  , which addressed several aspects of DL evaluation. We have implemented the lazy  , schedule recording  , and UW approaches described in Section 3 in our ESBMC tool that supports the SMT logics QF AUFBV and QF AUFLIRA as specified in the SMT-LIB 27. In our experiments  , we chose CHESS v0.1.30626.0 21 and SATABS v2.5 6 as two of the most widely used verification tools. Not surprisingly  , there was very little consistency among data providers on the syntax of role pseudo-qualifiers. where the conflict rate is most significant. This can be considered as 100 lockable objects in the LIB-system  , or alternatively  , these 100 objects can be regarded as the highly active part of the CB-system catalog data  , access path data  , . This allows the user to fluidly read and annotate documents without having to manage annotated files or explicitly save changes. Library means that the copyright of the material is owned by the organization that the library belongs to  , and is administered by the library. The fifth column C-o presents the copyright owner  , which has five values: library Lib  , individual Ind  , organization Org  , vary and public domain P-d. Since NCSTRL+ can access other Dienst collections we can extend searches to all of NCSTRL  , CoRR  , and D-Lib Magazine as well. The tools have been used to create a testbed for NCSTRL+ which  , at this time  , runs on three NCSTRL+ servers with index service for five archives. In this section  , we show how to conclude the construction of M Imp by incorporating the assumption PAs into M Exp . Let g i be the guard obtained from g i by replacing every parameter of lib by the corresponding argument passed to it at c. In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. The search result for a single query from the ad-hoc task is a list of structured data; each contains a web TREC-ID and the extracted main body of content. At last  , we stem the words on the content using a tool called lib-stemmer library 1 . The NCSTRL+ DL interface is based on our extensions to the Dienst protocol to provide a testbed for experimentation with buckets  , clusters  , and interoperability. Some general rules for the handling of digitized and born-digital material can be derived from Table 1and its discussion  , showing that there is a variety of arrangements depending on ownership of the material and its copyright. If the value library  , owners Lib  , Own appears  , the fee should be paid to both library and owners. The above described methodology relies critically on our ability to generate a population of agents that share a SKS. The multimedia collection consists of e-books  , pictures  , videos and animations. -PAR 1 is set to maxobj = 100. It is useful to think of these segments as motion primitives  , which are typically defined in relation to terrain interaction.  Retrieve and apply updates for synchronization: updates can also be represented using in-memory objects  , files and tables. The default implementation of these methods assumes that there is no immutable data  , and that the public mutable data consists of the entire Web archive WAR file of the replicable service application except those under WEB-INF/classes and WEB- INF/lib  , while the private mutable data consists of the HTTPSession object created for the client. Stack inspection is intended to prevent confused-deputy attacks 9  , which arise when a component C 1 that was not granted access to a resource r obtains access to r indirectly  , by calling into a component C 2 that was granted access to r. Figure 1. We derive two basic quanti-ties  , namely LI Binary LIB and LI Frequency LIF  , which can be used separately or combined to represent documents. By quantifying the amount of information required to explain probability distribution changes  , the proposed least information theory LIT establishes a new basic information quantity and provides insight into how terms can be weighted based on their probability distributions in documents vs. in the collection. Information on the data structure  , functions  , and function calling relationships of the source code is stored in the binary files according to pre-defined formats  , such as Common Object File Format COFF 5 33  , so that an external system is able to find and call the functions in the corresponding code sections. Prior to distribution  , component source code is compiled into binary code formats  , such as .lib  , .dll  , or .class files. These test beds comprise different media; however  , since the focus of most the projects spawning off the test beds was on technological aspects  , users and usage as well as the content play a minor role in most of these test beds. Connecting attackers: During the eight weeks of our honeypot experiment  , we received 690 attempts to access the URLs of hosted shells  , from 71 unique IP addresses  , located in 17 countries with the top three being Turkey  , USA  , and Germany. gc ,template will not have side-effects on the database  , so the entire computation can be rolled back if desired. a All strings occurring in root occur in node In this example  , the rule template gc-template we exhibit shall be a function from deltas t.o deltas  , such t ,hat if A is an arbitrary set of insertions and deletions on a database instance LIB  , then applygc ,templateA ,DB will be the result of garbage collection on applyA  , DB. In Java and the CLR  , access control is based on stack inspection 6 : when a security-sensitive operation is performed   , all the methods currently on the stack are checked to see if their classes have been granted the relevant permission . To prevent its clients now on the stack from requiring the relevant FilePermission—which a maliciously crafted client could misuse to erase the contents Classes Permissions Enterprise School Lib Priv java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com:80"  , "connect" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu:80"  , "connect" java.io. FilePermission "C:/log.txt"  , "write" There are many studies of users of digital libraries and collections 1 and a great deal of work on evaluating digital libraries for examples  , see issues of D-Lib at http://www.dlib.org/ and Chris Neuhaus's bibliography http://www.uni.edu/neuhaus/digitalbibeval.html  , but we did not find studies of null searches to identify collections gaps in order to develop user-centered collections. DLESE resources are contributed or collected from many sources  , and although all the materials need to be within the scope of DLESE as expressed by the Collections Policy  , there was no guarantee of balance in the collection across the many subjects that were of interest to the diverse and generally unknown user groups. WNB-G-MCMC also performs slightly better than WNB-MCMC. If just looking at the values of AUC  , WNB-G-HC has higher values of AUC than WNB-HC in 7 datasets. The first 1 ,000 iterations of MCMC chains were discarded as an initial burn-in period. In our application  , the total number of MCMC iterations is chosen to be 2 ,000. Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd  , thus  , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. Thus we need only to compute 6 twice per MCMC iteration . Then  , further simulations were performed. The experimental results are shown in Table 2The second observation is that the combined methods WNB-G-HC and G-MCMC outperform slightly the original methods WNB-G  , WNB-HC and WNB-MCMC. Further more  , we also compared the five variants of WNBs each other. After a certain period  , a generated realization of MCMC sample can be treated as a dependent sample from the posterior distribution. We can easily construct a MCMC sampler so that its stationary distribution is equal to the posterior distribution of model parameters given data and prior distribution of parameters. As experimentation of our approach  , we choose GoldDLP 1   , an ontology describing a financial domain. Using MCMC  , we queried for the probability of an individual being a ProblemLoan. Since the bed model was representable  , this indicates a failure in the MCMC estimator. However  , it was the worst-performing model on the bed object. By contrast to 5  , which uses MCMC to obtain samples from the model posterior  , we utilize L-BFGS 18 to directly maximize the model log-probability. We plan on investigating the use of different estimators in future work. Moreover  , applying MCMC to our proposal distribution significantly improves the SLAM performance. These results show that the performance of DD is significantly better than that of other methods under challenging conditions. The main difference with Eq. Next  , we used Alchemy 2 to generatively learn the weights of our base MLN using the evidence data. In the second experiment  , the robot moved along a corridor environment about 60 meters while capturing images under varying illumination conditions  , as shown in Fig. Moreover  , the DD-MCMC method shows the best performance among all of the methods. The successive samples evolve from a large population with many redundant data points to a small population with few redundant data points. The MCMC technique iteratively produces successive samples containing border points from the previously identified borders. Instead  , we draw the samplê Y just once before we begin optimizing w  , but we drawˆYdrawˆ drawˆY using the following strategy:  Choose restart states to span a variety of Δs. Therefore  , we cannot use a standard MCMC recipe. We use a JAVA MCMC program to obtain samples from the joint posterior distribution described in Equation 1. Thus  , robots visiting one website will not affect the probability of visiting the other. In the next experiment  , we captured the image sequence while driving a car about 2 kilometers with a stereo camera  , as shown in Fig. Since the number of observations is small n = 31  , we fitted the proposed model with the order q = 1  , 2  , 3 and 4. Finally   , if the effective number of particles �ωt� −2 2 falls below a threshold we stochastically replicate each particle based on its normalized weight. which has the intuitive explanation that the weight for particle f is updated by multiplying in the marginal probability of the new observation xtd  , which we compute from the last 10 samples of the MCMC sweep over a given document. The use of beta conjugate priors ensures that no expensive computational methods such as MCMC are necessary 12  , so the model is trained and applied fast enough to be used on-line. As such  , it can be implemented in a statistical programming language such as R in a few lines of code. That is  , we choose 0.1 K+1 The duration of the burn-in period was determined by running three MCMC chains in parallel and monitoring the convergence of predictions. In our experiments the optimal number of user groups was found to be two  , which was later used when computing the predictions for the final test set. To encourage diversity in those replicated particles  , we select a small number of documents 10 in our implementation from the recent 1000 documents  , and do a single MCMC sweep over them  , and then finally reset the weight of each particle to uniform.