Section 4 defines CyCLaDEs model. Section 3 describes the general approach of CyCLaDEs. CyCLaDEs source code is available at: https://github.com/pfolz/cyclades 3 . 4. If the structure exceeds w entries  , then CyCLaDEs removes the entry with the oldest timestamp. Otherwise  , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. The setup environment is composed of an LDF server  , a reverse proxy and different number of clients. More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. In this paper  , we propose CyCLaDEs an approach that allows to build a behavioral decentralized cache hosted by LDF clients. 2 summarizes related works. Section 5 reports our experimental results. Figure 3b describes the results obtained with CyCLaDEs activated. This behavior promotes the local cache. Figure 5 shows that performances of CyCLaDEs are quite similar. We vary profile size to 5  , 10 and 30 predicates. The main contributions of the paper are: More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. Hit-ratio is measured during the real round. Each single user  , and each community of users  , can dynamically activate its own/shared working space. The CYCLADES information space is thus potentially very large and heterogeneous. The current release of the CYCLADES system does not fully exploit the potentiality of the CS since it uses the CS only as a means to construct virtual information spaces that are semantically meaningful from some community's perspective. CYCLADES includes a recommender system that is able to recommend a collection to a user on the basis of his own profile and the collection content  , so all resources belonging to a collection are discovered together. The requirements of both these systems highlighted the need for a virtual organization of the information space. In this section we exemplify what we have described so far by presenting two concrete applications in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET systems. The set of these archives is not pre-defined  , but new archives can be added over the lifetime of the system. In particular  , in these experiments we generated randomly 200 collections using Dublin Core fields. This is demonstrated by a set of experiments the we carried out on a CYCLADES configuration that was working on 62 OAI compliant archives. Figure 3 shows a measure of this improvement. Moreover  , the list of ISs specified in the RC can be exploited by the CYCLADES search and browse services to improve their performance. Finally  , Section 5 describes our future plans. Section 4 illustrates how this logical architecture has been implemented in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET DL systems and the advantages that the introduction of this service has brought to the their functionality. Figure 3apresents results of the LDF clients without CyCLaDEs. The RPS view size and CON view size are fixed to 4 ,9 for 10 clients  , 6 ,15 for 50 clients  , and 7 ,20 for 100 clients. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. In this paper  , we presented CyCLaDEs  , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. In the previous section we have introduced the general functionality of the CS and its logical architecture. In CyCLaDEs  , we want to apply the general approach of Behave for LDF clients. The available items are also personalized  , they are based on the behavior of the client rather than a temporal locality. If the predicate belongs to the profile  , the frequency of this predicate is incremented by one and the timestamp associated to this entry is updated. Figure 7shows clearly that CyCLaDEs is able to build two clusters for both values of profile size. For example  , an edge 1 → 2 means that the client 1 has the client 2 in its CON view. In particular  , it has been possible to: -simply organize the different user communities  , allowing for the different access rights. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality. CYCLADES provides a suite of tools for personalizing information access and collaboration but is not targeted towards education or the uniqueness of accessing and manipulating geospatial and georeferenced content. Our model is similar to DLESE although the latter does not support an interactive map-based interface or an environment for online learning. Section 3 presents the functionality of the CS and provides a logical description of its internal architecture . This has the effect of reducing both false positives  , i. e. useless documents that fail to fulfill the user's needs  , and false negatives  , i. e. useful documents that the system fails to deliver  , from the retrieved set. Behavior cache reduces calls to an LDF server  , especially  , when the server hosts multiple datasets  , the HTTP cache could handle frequent queries on a dataset but cannot absorb all calls. CyCLaDEs improves LDF approach by hosting behavioral caching resources on the clients-side. CyCLaDEs aims at discovering and connecting dynamically LDF clients according to their behaviors. Compared to other caching techniques in the semantic web  , the LDF cache results of a triple pattern  , increasing their usefulness for other queries  , i.e  , the probability of a cache hit is higher than the caching of a SPARQL query results. The CYCLADES system users do not know anything about the provenance of the underlying content. In particular  , the list of ISs and generic information about them  , such as their name  , a brief textual description of their content  , etc. , are provided by the Access Service itself. They create their own collections by simply giving a MC that characterizes their information needs and do not provide any indication about which are the ISs that store these documents. Services such as search and browse are activated on the restricted information space described by the collection  , but this is the only customization option. Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. The CS does not support collection specific services  , i. e. all the users perceive the same services in their working space. Furthermore  , resources aggregated in a collection can be found more easily than if they were disjoint. foundation for more informed statements about the issues critical to the success of our field. At the minimum  , we hope that the OAI will create a framework for serious investigation of these issues and lay the 13 http://cinzica.iei.pi.cnr.it/cyclades/  , 14 http://www.clir.org/diglib/architectures/testbed.htm. For example  , Smeaton and Callan 29 describe the characteristics of personalization  , recommendation  , and social aspects in next generation digital libraries  , while 1  , 26 describe an implementation of personalized recommender services in the CYCLADES digital library environment. In response  , there has been much research exploring the principles and technologies behind this functionality. Performing SPARQL queries and navigating on the web are different in terms of the number of HTTP calls per-second and clients profiling. The promising results we obtained during experimentations encourage us to propose and experiment new profiling techniques that take into account the number of transferred triples and compare with the current profiling technique. By reducing the information space to a meaningful subset  , the collections play the role of a partitioning query as described in 10  , i. e. they define a " searchable " subset of the documents which is likely to contain the desired ones. Note that the gathering of the service descriptions and the generation of the service functions is periodically repeated in order to accommodate the possible changes in the underlying DL infrastructure. We consider the CS we described in this paper as a first prototype of a more general " mediator infrastructure service " that can be used by the other DL services to efficiently and effectively implement a dynamic set of virtual libraries that match the user expectations upon the concrete heterogeneous information sources and services. The CYCLADES system is now available 5 and the SCHOLNET access address will be published soon on the OpenDLib web site 6 . ADEPT supports the creation of personalized digital libraries of geospatial information  " learning spaces "  but owns its resources unlike in G-Portal where the development of the collection depends mainly on users' contributions as well as on the discovery and acquisition of external resources such as geography-related Web sites. G-Portal shares similar goals with existing digital libraries such as ADEPT 1  , DLESE 9 and CYCLADES 5 . CYCLADES 3 is an OAI 6 service provider that implements an open collaborative virtual archive service environment supporting both single scholars as well as scholarly communities in carrying out their work. Precision is defined as gcd/gcd+bcd and recall is defined as gcd/gcd+gncd were gcd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are found  , bcd is the number of documents that do not belong to the collection that are found also called false positives and gncd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are not found also called false negatives. The Collection Service described here has been experimented so far in two DL systems funded by the V Framework Programme  , CYCLADES IST-2000-25456 and SCHOLNET IST-1999-20664  , but it is quite general and can be applied to many other component-based DL architectural frameworks. The CS presented in this paper implements a new approach for supporting dynamic and virtual collections  , it supports the dynamic creation of new collections by specifying a set of definition criteria and make it possible to automatically assign to each collection the specialized services that operate on it. Experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. Our approach constructs an item group based pairwise preference for the specific ranking relations of items and combine it with item based pairwise preference to formalise a novel framework PRIGPPersonalized Ranking with Item Group based Pairwise preference learning . Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method  , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. The experimental results on three real-world datasets show our proposed method performs a better top-K recommendation than baseline methods. SOM 14Self Organizing Map or SOFM Self Organizing Feature Map shares the same philosophy to produce low dimension from high dimension. This mechanism guarantees a new pattern will be correctly assigned into corresponding clusters. b Self-Organizing Map computed for trajectory-oriented data 20. 19. The training of each single self-orgzmizing map follows the basic seiforganizing map learning rule. For each output unit in one layer of the hierarchy a two-dimensional self-organizing map is added to the next layer. An interesting property of hierarchical feature maps is the tremendous speed-up as compared to the self-organizing map. Analogously  , the same training procedure is utilized to train the third and any subsequent layers of sdf-organizing maps. Searching in time series data can effectively be supported by visual interactive query specification and result visualization. Another example of visualization techniques of this category is self-organizing map SOM. Links are labeled with sets of keywords shared by related documents. Abnormal aging and fault will result in deviations with respect to normal conditions. This evolution will be characterized by a trajectory on a two-dimensional Self-Organizing Map. Moreover  , the self-organidng map was used in 29 for text claeaiflcation. A comparison to these results is neceamry   , even more sinc8~hi- erarchical fmture maps are built up from a number of insb pendent self-organizing maps. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. In Figure 6we provide a typical result from training a self-organizing map with the NIHCL data. By determining the size of the map the user can decide which level of abstraction she desires. These feature vectors are used as input to train a standard self-organizing map. Locating a piece of music on the map then leaves you with similar music next to it  , allowing intuitive exploration of a music archive. We employ the Self-Organizing Map SOM  9 to create a map of a musical archive  , where pieces of music sounding similar are organized next to each other on the two-dimensional map display. Usually  , the Euclidean distance between the weight vector and the input pattern is used to calculate a unit's activation. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. Finally  , as a result of these first two steps  , the " cleaned " database can be used as input to a Self-Organizing Map with a " proper " distance for trajectories visualization. The Change Detection CD module is presented in Section 4.2. Vectors with three components are completed with zero values. We applied a Self-Organizing Feature Map SOFM assuming that the maximum number of components of a visitor behavior vector is H = 6. As a result of this transformation we now have equi-distant data samples in each frequency band. These feature vectors are further used for training a Self-Organizing Map. Each training iteration t starts with the random selection of one input pattern xt. The hierarchy among the maps is established as follows. Similar to the works described in this paper  , a Self-Organizing Map is used to cluster the resulting feature vectors. 2 describe a system for timbre classification to identify 12 instruments in both clean and degraded conditions. Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. The difference is the risk to loose the exact plot locations over the original projection. Moreover  , a self-organizing map could have been used to analyse the 2D projection instead of the tabular model. After all documents are indexed  , the data are aggregated and sent to the Self-Organizing Map for categorization. The user can view the document frequency of each phrase and link to the documents containing that phrase. Input vectors composed of range-to-obstacle indicators' readouts and direction-to-goal indicator readouts are partitioned into one of predefined perceptual situation classes. In ll  the classification task is performed by a self-organizing Kohonen's map. The Self-Organizing Map generated a The Arizona Noun Phraser allowed subjects to narrow and refine their searches as well as provided a list of key phrases that represented the collection. The effect of such a dimension reduction in keyword-baaed document mpmmmtation and aubeequent self-organizing map training with the compreaaed input patterns is described in 32 . The smaller bidden &er is fiwthcr used to represent the input patterns. Another very promising work is 15 which uses a self-organizing feature map SOFM 12 in order to generate a map of documents where documents dealing with similar topics are located near each other. This relationship is then visualized in a 2D or 3D-space. A self-organizing feature map consists of a two-dimensional array of units; each unit is connected to n input nodes  , and contains a ndimensional vector Wii wherein i ,j identifies the unit at location Ci ,jJ of the array. That is  , similar prototypes are near each other on the map. The SOM solution for getting the tabular view would be to construct a self organizing map over the bidimensional projection. As these new methods are certainly projecting data in a complementary way  , and that the tabular view is easily understood  , we aim in this paper to add a tabular view for any 2D data cloud by an alternative approach to the selforganizing map. Furthermore  , if a general optimality criterion is given at runtime  , a global optimum can be sought along the lower-dimensional self-motion manifold rather than in the complete n-dimensional configuration space. In the region shown  , €7: = f -'  W l    , the zero reference point s = 0 of each self-organizing map approximating a self-motion manifold is at the location of minimum manipulability  , while maximum manipulability is obtained for a value of s = MaxM of about f0.7 in units defined in 12. Experimental results organizing an archive of MP3 music are presented in Section 4  , followed by some conclusions as well as an outlook on future work in Section 5. This is followed by a presentation of our approach to automatic organization of music archives by sound similarity in Section 3  , covering feature extraction  , the principles of the Self-Organizing Map  , and the two-layered architecture used to organize music. Probably one of the more important advantages is that generative topographic mapping should be open for rigorous mathematical treatment  , an area where the self- . , orgamzlng map h-a remarkable tradition in effective reg~ tance 7  , 8. Basically  , the generative topographic mapping is a latent variable density model with an apparently sound statistical foundation which is claimed to have several advantageous properties when compared to self-organizing maps  , but no signifkant disadvantages. To help analyze the behavior of our method we used a Self-Organizing Map via the SOM-PAK package 9  , to 'flatten' and visualize the high-dimensional density function 2 . Each point in our sample space is a language model  , which typically has several thousand dimensions. In the CI Spider study  , subjects believed it was easier to find useful information using CI Spider with a score of 3.97/5.00 than using Lycos domain search 3.33 or manual within-site browsing and searching 3.23. The Self-Organizing Map generated a In section 6 experimental results are reported and in section 7 a conclusion is given. In order to achieve a higher resolution in the Cspace and to efficiently use the occupied main memory  , we developed a reorganization mechanism of the C-space  , based on Kohonen's self-organizing feature map  , which is stated in section 5. The problem of mapping perceptual situations into commands can be actually decomposed into two sta- I ges: a classification of a measured perceptual situation and an association a locomotion action with a perceptual class. The SOM is designed to create a two-dimensional representation of cells topologically arranged according to the inherent metric ordering relations between the samples in the feature space. An interesting experiment was done with the Kohonen's self-organizing map SOM 12. In order to use the self-organizing map to cluster text documents  , the various texts have to be represented as the histogram of its words. It is a generai unsupervised tool for ordering highdimensionai statistical data in such a way that alike input items are mapped close to each other. In this paper  , however  , the authora use just a fairly small and thus ~ alistic document representation  , made up from 25 &at&t terms taken horn the titles of scientific papers. Using this similarity in a self organizing map  , we found clusters from visitor sessions  , which allow us to study the user behavior in the web. The result is the definition of a new similarity measure based on three characteristics derived from the visitor sessions: the sequence of visited pages  , their content and the time spent in each one of them. The Arizona Noun Phraser developed at the University of Arizona is the indexing tool used to index the key phrases that appear in each document collected from the Internet by the Internet Spiders. The density maps for three TREC topics are shown in Figure 2above. F@re 6 shows in fact a highly similar classification rum .dt  , in that the various documents are arranged within the two-dimensional output space of the self-organizing map m concordance with their mutual fictional similarity. the class name  , is shown at the respective position in the figure. To summarize the results  , the experiments indicated that basically the came cluster results can be achieved by spending only a fhction of time for the training proceua. Among the most prominent projects in this arena is the WEBSOM system 12 representing over 1 million Usenet newsgroup articles in a single huge SOM. The self-organizing map and related models have been used in a number of occasions for the classification and representation of document collections. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 provides an overview of related work in the field of music retrieval. If information about the topological order of the training data is provided  , or can be inferred   , only a very small data set is required. In this contribution we present the " Parameterized Self- Organizing Map " PSOM approach  , which is particularly useful in situation where a high-dimensional  , continuous mapping is desired. Path finding in static or partially changing environments is described in section 4. Each neuron computes the Euclidean distance between the input vector x and the stored weight vector Wii. The mapping to the dual plane and the use of arrangements provides an intuitive framework for representing and maintaining the rankings of all possible top-k queries in a non-redundant  , self-organizing manner. We can map the tuples of a data set to lines in the dual plane and then store and query the induced arrangement. To investigate the robustness of this method  , we added the every type ofnoise to the integrated dataset of the three objects and examined rohustness of maps for categorization tasks under that various conditions. Using Kohonen maps allow the robot to organize the models of the three objects based on its embodiment without the designer's intervention because of the self-organizing characteristic of the map. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. Previous work 1 approximated the PDF using weighted Parzen windows. This work presents a tool that can help experts  , in addition to their traditional tools based on quantitative inspection of some relevant variables  , to easily visualize the evolution of the engine health. The similarity introduced  , can be very useful to increase the knowledge about the visitor behavior in the web. One drawback of these types of systems especially for portable devices is that they require large screen real estate and significant visual attention from the user. Variations to the idea of providing a visual space with objects corresponding to sound files have been proposed in 12 where a heuristic variation of multi-dimensional scaling FastMap is used to map sound objects into an Euclidean space preserving their similarities and in 13 where a growing self-organizing map is used to preserve sound similarities calculated using psychoacoustic measures in order to visualize music collections as a set of islands on a map. An exact positioning of the borderline between the various groups of similar documents  , however  , is not as intuitively to datarmine as with hierarchical feature maps that are presented above. YUV values of the object are calculated  , values of the pressure sensors at the gripper  , and width of the gripper hereinafter  , these pressure and width data are combined and called " hand data "  are integrated using Kohonen maps in this experiment. A structurally recursive query involves one or more recursive functions and function calls to them. Mapping. The recursive member function was tested in P and the specifi- cation of the recursive member fumction remains unchanged. Consider the case in which a recursive member function accesses the same data as a new attribute. In the case of a recursive navigation   , it is mapped to an expression that consists of a function call to the built-in recursive function descendant-or-self and a projection. Recursive data structures and recursive function calls are inherently handled. The latter results in the visualization of the SSG. Instead  , our approach maps a recursive navigation into a function call to a structurally recursive function by means of the translation method presented in 3 for a regular path expression. The XQuery core's approach to support recursive navigation is based on the built-in descendant-or-self function and the internal typing function recfactor as we have already seen in Section 2. We use fixed-point iteration to solve this mutually recursive equation . We show a mutually recursive relationship between bias and unbiased rating  , i.e. , we write bias as a function of unbiased rating and unbiased rating as a function of bias. Otherwise  , the function returns the sum of number of insertions for each recursive node. If the path has no recursive nodes  , the function simply returns the cardinality of the path. Recursive navigation. The basic idea is to utilize the recursive function call mechanism of the C language. We followed a third approach to recursive queries in designing Jasmine/C. Dissallowing any function symbols such a recursive Horn clause will have the form This means that we have a single recursive Horn clause and the recursive predicate appears in the antecedent only once. they are equivalent. In fact  , the iterative and recursive programs do compute the same function; i.e. For example  , we can think of a query //title as a nondeterministic finite automaton depicted in Figure 8  , and define two structurally recursive functions from the automaton. This effect is similar to that of the XQuery core's relating projection to iteration . Furthermore  , if a structurally recursive query is applied to non-recursive XML data  , the structural function inlining transforms a recursive function call into a finitely nested iterations sensitive to their local types. This approach provides a more precise result type  , and the resulting expression does not require useless evaluation with respect to the type information. In order to identify what function class we focus our consideration on  , we adopt the syntactic restrictions of the state-of-the-art work on structural recursion 3  , which define the common form of structurally recursive function. Structurally recursive functions are a kind of the function classes to which we can apply the structural function inlining. The standard way of deriving the semantics of a recursive function is to compute the least fixed point of its generating function. Consider the following piece of code: The advantage of this approach is that new notation for writing recursive queries is unnecessary; C programmers can write recursive queries the same way they write recursive functions. , which implies the theorem immediately. where the function X is implemented witli recursive least squares. Furtlierinore  , we may assiinie that the adjacent frequency bins H , For example: Since the additional recursive functions are anonymous  , they cannot possibly be invoked anywhere else. In the original model  , the occurrence of the loop can then be replaced by a simple call to this recursive function instead . In this regard  , our structural function inlining is a novel technique for typing recursive XML queries. However  , the XQuery core cannot properly type recursive XML queries 2  , 10  , 11. In contrast   , the structural function inlining optimizes recursive functions to avoid useless evaluation over irrelevant fragments of data. Moreover  , they consider nonrecursive functions only  , and even the XQuery core cannot optimize recursive functions 2  , 10  , 11 . The SSG may contain cycles  , hence it is not necessary to introduce k-limiting techniques to represent self-referential data structures. Because of such functions  , the type of a structurally recursive query tends to be typed imprecisely. The return type of a polymorphic recursive function that accepts any XML data is usually declared as xs:AnyType 10. For each of the three representative types of the structurally recursive query  , we present the current approach of the XQuery core  , new approaches that exploit the structural function inlining  , and some discus- sion. The first Horn clause is recursive in the sense that the relation ancestor appears on both the qualification and the consequent of it. Dissallowing any function symbols such a recursive Horn clause will have the form A comment with each of the public attributes indicates its t~  , all other inherited attributes are recursive. Thus  , specification-based and program-based test cases need not be rerun. The method basically provides a recursive framework to construct a Lyapunov function and corresponding control action for the system stabilization. This special form allows the use of the recursive backstepping procedure for the controller design 15. The recursive evaluation to determine this value is: Figure 3shows the recursive cost function. The cost of the path from the reference host  , ~  , to node ~ along a particular path  , Pk  , is represented by f~oPk. On the other hand  , a recursive navigation is typed differently by an ad hoc approach 11 that uses an internal typing function recfactor. It typically starts by translating the function body as if the inner call does nothing. However  , we have observed that some function classes in XQuery would be inlined more systematically under the guidance of type information. In other words  , we have shown that the iterative program computes an extension of the function computed by our recursive program  , rather that the exact same function. It is still conceivable  , however  , that the iterative program may terminate and return some value even though the recursive program does not. In this section  , we describe how to apply the structural function inlining to structurally recursive queries in XQuery. The mapped functions embed as much type information as possible into their function bodies from the given query. A brief overview of our approach is as follows: Given a structurally recursive query  , it is mapped to structurally recursive functions and function calls to them. The query pruning 14 similarly optimizes regular path expressions  , but it is inapplicable to arbitrary recursive functions containing operations interleaved arbitrarily with navigation since such recursive functions are not transformed to finite automata. Mutually recursive functions can be handled easily  , since we can always transform a set of mutually recursive functions into a single recursive function with an additional " selection " parameter. Programmers can now incorporate the " loop " predicate in the assertions to check for the possibility or inevitability of infinite loops. In the above argument we established that the iterative program will terminate whenever the original recursive program does and that the two programs will then return the same value. For example  , //title is mapped intermediately to descendant-or-self$roots/title. How can we generate efficient code for a query like the one shown in Figure 1  , in view of the user-defined recursive function it involves. 3. The recursive function definitions of universal and existential quantification are given in section 5. We have proven theorems stating both types of relationships  , including the example above. Interestingly  , the structurally recursive function is applied frequently to nonrecursive XML data. The stopping point of the recursion is the second rule for an empty sequence type. The user need not know how to define hierarchies in order to &fine recursive functions. Dowtmard and upward recursions cannot bs in the same function definition. The recursive method SPLIT introduced in Fig. The function COMPUTE ENTROPY evaluates the entropy associated with the histogram of the pixels in the node's area. The client computes h root using a recursive function starting from the root node. Let R be the set of points in the query result. The empty stack is represented by the function with no input arguments NEWSTACK. One aid is to intepret the axioms as defining a set of recursive functions. Two types of strategies have been proposed to handle recusive queries. We assume that the rules may include recursive predicates referencing unary  , finite and inversible function symbols. Set NEXTcompriijes all functions In order to develop such supervisors we will construct a recursive function supervisor parameterized by functions next E NEXT. If the kth link is moved  , BACK checks from the most distal Figure 5TheBACKfimction This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. If an interrupt restoring function is encountered  , we simply restore the state to X. In case of a cycle i.e. , recursive function calls  , we follow the cycle until the annotations stabilize. To get rid of them  , we inline the corresponding function body in place of each function call. The main obstacle in typing and optimizing a structurally recursive query is the functions involved in the query. Second  , reference expressions in user-defined functions might involve local variables  , which are meaningless outside the function context. First  , we cannot always expand function calls by inline code due to the existence of recursive functions. Recognizing a variable on a tree is done through a recursive function traverse shown in Fig. The resulting trees are stored in newSet. We call this way of counting words " soft-counting " because all the possible words are counted. For +&mple  , tze recursive function for Sjeft is The transfer function frequency bins may further be smoothened through a recursive least square technique. The first mode of the beam was estimated in real-time utilizing the Empirical Transfer Function Estimator ETFE 17. We refer to this kind of function inlining as structural function inlining. While function inlining has been used in the programming language community  , our function inlining differs significantly in that it inlines a structurally  recursive function with the guidance of type information. Thus  , the specification-based and program-based test suites for A are not rerun. A RECURSIVE or VIRTUAL-RECURSIVE member function attribute A requires very limited retesting since it was previously individually tested in P and the specification and implementation remain unchanged. The guiding principle is making good use of type information available in both a query and its environment 11 in which it is evaluated. A new data attribute is tested during integration testing when it is integrated into GR by testing A with member functions with which it interacts. Both methods share the problem of too much generality since the pro- grammer can write anything into the loop or the function body; this severely limits query optimization. Similar effects can also be achieved using recursive functions to generate recursive relations or to test membership recursively. Due to the recursive nature of the approach  , such a procedure would have to be applied for any object at any recursive level. When the action to be taken is considered the first step of a longer sequence  , computing the utility function may involve motion planning  , or even game-tree search  , if reactions of other objects are taken into account. We have presented how the technique works  , how to cope with technical obstacles such as the infinite inlining  , and how to apply the technique to structurally recursive queries. Our major contributions are a new technique referred to as the structural function inlining and a new approach to the problem of typing and optimizing structurally recursive queries. That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results. The above recursive equation hierarchically performs temporal segmentation of the time series i.e. , our onset signatures into multiple parts  , and obtains a histogram of time series gradients corresponding to each of them. Since the function getBib is nonrecursive   , we introduce another function: define function s1xs:AnyType $a returns xs:AnyType { for $n in $a return typeswitch $n as $x case element titlexs:AnyType return $x  , s1children$x case  return  default return s1children$x } Thus  , the operations of the domain abstract data types can be mixed freely with tuple operations in expressions and recursive function definitions. The tuple operations include maps to tuple projection and from tuple construction domain objects. The structural function inlining exploits the property that the structural parameter's type changes for each recursive call according to the syntactic restrictions. Let the structural parameter be a parameter of any sequence type which is used for structural recursion. We address the above three challenges in the rest of this paper. However  , this may not provide useful type information when the return type is  , for instance  , xs:AnyType. Consider the expression descendant-or-self$roots/title mapped from //title. The example exhibits the use of recursive relationships assemblies and their component parts  , weak entities vendor locations  , and potentially null flelds structure description  , vendor status. Attributes are circled  , and edges are marked with their function types. function for pseudo-elements; in practice it might be more advantageous to implement it iteratively as a special case. Note that 2.3 is a recursive call for a NE ?J ? The method to construct the functional equation is general enough to deal with recursive rules  , function symbols and non-binary predicates. It is an efficient method to compute the grandfather of a set of persons. Therefore the semantic operation apply -and thus also vwly -is a partial recursive function in every minimally defined model of Q LFINSET. DB-L is weakly sufficiently complete. The protocol tries to construct the quorum by selecting the root co. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. GEOKOBJ has several predefined functions e.g. A recursive function POSITION generalizing the OFFSET example is defined to give the 3- dimensional offset and orientation of the PART relative to the beginning of a hierarchy. The signature can be extended using function symbols  , to yield the full power of Prolog specifications. These clauses are well-defined provided the negation operator is not used in front of recursive predicates. Thus  , operators on such large-grain data structures imply some kind of extended control structure such as a loop  , a sequence of statements  , a recursive function  , or other. with respect to some conventional programming language. If the modeled concept is a generic concept such as ComponentType in Fig. The recursive function generates the equivalent of o using one of the four following behaviors depending on the kind of concept the meta-class of o models. We also use the following recursive function to construct the unit type for a variable x based on its C type τ when no appropriate annotations for x are provided: The unit environment is constructed during constraint generation. For example  , they cannot handle recursive function definitions or loops whose termination depends on data structure invariants. All of these approaches fail for programs that include looping behaviors that do not fit their limited scope. If a call graph contains no cycles  , it is guaranteed that all functions in the call graph will be annotated. ==>for$nin$sec0return typeswitch $nas$x caseSectionreturns1'children$x defaultreturn In this case  , as the second approach  , we should define a more generic structurally recursive function. However  , we cannot use the first approach when the argument is any expression other than the path expression . This meaning may just be nontermination for some arguments e.g. if f is recursively defined   , the meaning of f is given by the least fixed point of the higher-order and non-recursive function Af.e see Sch86 . We cannot expect the same transformation method to work here for several reasons. This equivalent is added to the output meta-model instance. We now give examples of derivable relational concepts such as relational algebra and integrity constraints. All other relational notions are defined in terms of these primitives and recursive function composition. The function of this stack is to support method assertions in recursive calls. These results are stored in a method stack along the result of old expressions lines 8 and 9  , Figure 1. The postcondition assertion method pops the stack and  , based on the recorded outcome of the precondition  , it evaluates the appropriate postcondition. Using auxiliary tree T   , recursive function sort csets is invoked to sort the component sets. Note that non-leaf node of T is numbered according to its order of merging. As to optimizing functions  , most of existing optimization techniques 6  , 7 treat functions simply as externally defined black boxes accompanying some semantic information. The original case rules are specialized for each possible type  , and the resulting case rules introduce two new recursive function calls 3 and 5. Box 2 in Figure 4shows the result of the horizontal optimization. Unfortunately  , the correct recursive function to induct upon is obscured by the many irrelevant terms in the hypothesis. At this point in the proof the theorem prover needs to do a proof by induction. A  , q as the retrieval status value of annotation A without taking any context into account calculated  , e.g. , by applying full-text retrieval methods  , so 1 is a recursive function. For X being a counterargument  , it should be A modified version of GJK  , RGJK  , which exploits the recursive evaluation is stated in Section 3. Section 2 introduces the adjacency structure and describes how it is used to recursively evaluate the support function. This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. Therefore  , each link will be moved back with the angular displacement corresponding to its location with respect to the other links. The handlers are executed  , like functions  , in a recursive descent manner. Each type in the schema has a handler  , analogous to a function  , which is composed of the basic instructions . Any remaining cycles in the request graph suggest that a possibly mutually-recursive function is making server requests. The other is that Repeatable also handles loops that arise from user interaction with the dom. In the presence of children  , the predicate consists of the recursive concatenation using boolean or of the predicates of the children. For the predicate function Pred  , a step with no children simply returns itself. It is the latter capability that allows us to define aggregate functions simply. The stack described above serves the back u_~ and output functions served by 0UTLIST. This is not surprising  , for the implicit stack offered by the recursive control domain only serves the forward control function of ROOTSTACK in the iterative parser. Although the tree notation is well suited for the transformational purposes  , its recursive nature does not guarantee an efficient execution. We show how the transformation intertwines both functions yielding a program which computes the aggregate function while sorting. It is a recursive function that generates the set OptAns of all answers candidate to be optimum by combining the paths in a connected component cc. the answer we are generating is still optimum  , thus  , it preserves the monotonicity. By throwing away all terms except the following: The correct induction can be chosen. We have addressed this problem in this paper. Its application at line 2 automatically generates two sub-goals. In the above proof since the function superCon is recursive  , we need to perform the induction on the variable k. The PVS command induct invokes an inductive proof. This strategy builds up sets " naively " for " interesting " arguments of the function. At present we thercforc USC a boltom-up evaluation strategy for recursive and mutually-rccursivc set-valued functions. This is accomplished with the following recursive function. We then label every DOM node to be either an insignificant  , inline or line-break node  , based on its tag and position information. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. In Figure 3  , we present a protocol for constructing a valid read quorum. This mapping is generic in that we can map any other recursive navigation query in the same way. The function call s1$roots produces the expected results a sequence of title elements. In addition  , recursive functions may also be analyzed multiple times. A function's effects depend on the effects of its callees as well its overriding functions   , potentially causing a function to be analyzed several times. If a component can be instantiated in an empty context at the root of an application  , the recursive function is used to generate its equivalent in B. The execute-imm function computes the partial fixpoint of a database instance using some immediate rules. The way rules are activated with respect to the events of a transaction is described by a recursive function evaluate  , which takes as parameters a stream of events and a database state. To handle inter-procedural dependences including recursive functions/procedures  , we have introduced auxiliary types of nodes in a PDG. By doing so  , we do not need to find out all function/procedure calls in the program  , but we simply modify the entry part of each function/procedure slightly. Consequently the derivation starts with the translation of the associated fragment by evaluating the following function: The recursive rule rcr , ,.ure is achieved by: RULfhceurriva Closure  , e  , Ccrorurc  , immediate ,@ where Cclo ,urc is the conditions extracted from the function between " Floor-Request " and " Closure " . In our example  , the only entry of the graph is " Floor- Request " . The actions of the rule consist in the closure method call and its own reactivation. The recursive form of the new function immediately leads to an iterative program form. During horizontal transformation sum_byBA and mergeA are combined by operator L. To translate their combination into an iterative program during vertical transformation  , we generate the new function sum-mergeB ,A which performs merging and aggregation si- multaneously. The recursion should terminate when the output of the TRANSFORMER function is identical to its input. Finally  , although probably not sensible in the incremental setting  , an iterate-until-stable style optimizer can be specified by simply introducing a recursive call to TRANSFORMER from within the Figure 4: A Parallelizing Tool FORMER function itself. To do this  , ACL2 attempts to guess a well-founded measure for the function and to prove that it decreases with each recursive call. Termination plays a key role in ACL2  , as every defined function using the definitional principle must be shown to terminate before ACL2 will admit it. The first function in Figure 1is a recursive function cost::Part-+Num which computes the cost of any part : if x is a base part its cost is obtained from the base selector  , otherwise ils cost is obtained by recursively summing the costs of its immediate sub-parts. . The following section shows that the standard transitive closure is one important example of a recursive query for which the running time of a sample is indeed a function of the sample size. 0 Identifying classes of recursions for which the time to compute a sample is a function of the sample size is an interesting open question. Through utilizing such ranking function  , the recursive feature elimination procedure on the feature set provides more insights into the importance of each feature to the total revenue. Instead of trying to achieve a simple two-step procedure  , the novel ranking function  , revenue direct-optimization  , aims to directly maximize the approximate empirical revenue. A feature ranking list is then generated according to its contribution in training the optimal ranking function. GEOY_CBJPART is an entity-valued function that stores the PART's shape  , and also the position and location relative to each superpart. Tries to prove the current formula with automatic induction. First  , introduce a recursive function definition for exponentiation: function EXP X  , Y: INT = pre INT'GE Y  , 0 measure ORDINAL'VAL Y begin if Y = 0 then 1 else TIMES X  , EXP X  , HIBUS Y  , I end if end EXP; Notice that we are chasing to simplify the Icft-most  , outermost redex at each step above -this computation rule is known as rwrmuf-order reduction and it corresponds to the lazy evaluurion of function arguments. Operationally then  , Y has the affect of producing a new copy of Y H the " meaning " of the factorial function upon each recursive call. Many papers including 3  , 10  , 13  suggest such restriction for structural recursion . Therefore  , the recursive method for the stabilization of-the sys­ tem 1 can be given based on either the Krasovskii functional or the Razumikhin function. Simultaneously  , the Razumikhin function is also used to prove the stability of the time-delay systems due to the com­ plicated construction of the functional . Another major difference between BFRJ and the depth-first approach is that BFRJ never traverses upwards in an R-tree while the depth-first approach traverses upwards as part of function returns of the recursive routines. This is because the order by which each node-pair is to be joined is determined by the recursive depth-first sequence that consequently makes it difficult to globally modify any ordering of traversal. performs a global translation  , rather than a recursive one as in the previous cases  , in which case the Decendents function returns the empty set. when a nested tuple is mapped to a flat one and the translation takes the leaf attributes of the nested input tuple and glues them together to form a flat tuple3; and global rules where the translation function handles the whole subtree rooted at the vertex i.e. For instance  , the following function from 28  performs a recursive access on the class hierarchy in order to figure out whether an entity is an instance of a given class. As a result  , XQuery can then be used to access the data structure part of the RDF document  , while using entailment to access its semantics. The mapping is defined as follows: Using the mappings from Section 4.3  , we can now follow the approach of 4 and define a recursive mapping function T which takes a DL axiom of the form C D  , where C is an L b -class and D is an L h -class  , and maps it into an LP rule of the form A ← B. The theorem contains the condition thai the recursive function F be defined on a  , that the computation of Fa will terminate this condition is necessary for  , otherwise  , the iterative program will never terminate  , and therefore control will never reach finish at all. if sometime x = a at start and Fa is defined then sometime z = Fa at-finish. It is then straightforward to show that the behavior of the model is preserved after replacing each loop by a call to its corresponding anonymous recursive function. Therefore  , their introduction does not alter the set of execution traces specified by the model. For the rest of the discussion  , we will assume that the ISSUBSUMED boolean operator can be implemented by re-writing to the SQL/XML XMLExists function. Another possibly less efficient implementation is to use a recursive SQL statement as alluded to in Das et al 4. A dynamically changed DOM state does not register itself with the browser history engine automatically  , so triggering the 'Back' function of the browser is usually insufficient . Upon completion of the recursive call  , the browser should be put back into the previous state. During this traversal  , each non-terminal and terminal node is analyzed  , making use of parse tree annotations and other functions and lexical resources that provide " semantic " interpretations of syntactic properties and lexical information. After each sentence is identified and parsed  , its parse tree is traversed in a depth-first recursive function. Converting dynamic errors to empty sequences yields correct results as in predicates without negations. From the language perspective  , although many built-in functions are available  , features such as the remaining XQuery language constructs  , remaining XPath axes  , userdefined function library  , user-defined recursive functions  , and many built-in functions and operators can be done in the future. Recursive data base queries expressed in datalog function-free Horn clause programs are most conveniently evaluated using the bottom-up or forward chaining evaluation method see  , e.g. , l  , 2  , 5  , 141. We assume the reader is familiar with the basic notions pertaining to datalog programs 4  , 14. For each object of the DO plane  , an emanating relation arrow implies that in the methods section of the source object  , there is a function that generates the destination object. The definition of an ice-region is recursive through the relation composed-of  , because any ice region may contain other ice regions. Thus  , although all the elements of the set arc eventually discovered  , the top-down evaluation of a sctvalued function may fail to terminate c-f. the difficulties in detecting termination when logic rules arc evaluated top-down. Assuming the reader to be familiar with recursion in deductive databases Gallaire84  , Bancilhon86  , Ullman86  , we address the problem of evaluating queries referencing rule defined relations. Approaches Back-tracking provides a simple recursive method of generating all possible solution vectors. A boundary unction is any function F on the set of nodes in the tree having the following properties: 1 if X is a feasible complete solution  , then This could result in an infinite loop which would indicate that a link has become jammed. Because of the recursive feature of the BACK function the is checked for the second obstacle and moved in the opposite direction to the first movement  , returning the link to the original position. By creating a separate relation for every spec field  , Squander solves all these problems: whatever abstraction function is given to a spec field  , it will be translated into a relational constraint on the corresponding relation  , and Kodkod will find a suitable value for it. Another limitation is that spec methods cannot be recursive. The local time cascade is a recursive function that derives a child's active time from the parent time container's simple time. Simple time is modified by the defined time transformations to yield segment time  , which is in turn modified by repeat functionality and min/max constraints to yield active time. Note the mutual recursive nature of linkspecs and link clauses. Link clause expressions are boolean combinations of link clauses  , where each link clause is semantically a boolean condition on two columns and is specified using either a a native method; b a user-defined function UDF; or c a previously defined linkspec. The actual splitting of the original target page is performed by creating the new right sibling as an exact copy of the page and then removing the unnecessary entries from both pages with the remove interface function. Recursive splitting due to parent page overflows are handled in the same way. The fading is controllable by a weighting parameter a. The performance function Pn is approximated as Pn = ag + UJ n + a2 n2 see figure 4Based on recent measurement pairs P ,n the coefficients ai are estimated using a recursive least-square estimator with exponentially fading memory Young  , 19841. In order to develop such supervisors we will construct a recursive function supervisor parameterized by functions next E NEXT. 7  , each supervisor $ E must ensure that: a $s = admissible if state s is semi-chained  , and b if $s = admissible then there exists a semi-chained state s' E Rs  , $. We assume that the tree has a well defined root  , and that a transaction attempting to construct a write quorum calls the recursive function WriteQuorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. In Figure 2  , we present a protocol for constructing a valid write quorum. Since a reasonably good signal to noise ratio was attained in our experimental setups  , we only utilized ETFE. E T F E includin the recursive least square is known as Time-varying k a n s f e r Function Estimator TTFE 18. To be more specified  , we de­ sign the virtual input and Lyapunov-like function to eIlsure UUB stability of each sub-system recursively compensating the effect of uIIcertain parameters_ Be­ fore designing controller  , -we set some controller pa­ rameters evaluating some bounds of elements in 12. In this section  , we construct a robust controller for uncertainties and load fluctuations with recursive Lyapunov-based design. Since the Razumikhin func­ tion can be constructed easily and the additional re­ striction for the system is not required in the pro­ posed recursive design  , an asymptotically stabilizing controller can be explicitly constructed. In this section  , we will provide a version of the back­ stepping based on the Razumikhin function for the time-delay systems 1. By allowing models to be written declaratively or imperatively using simple data types as well as relations  , the programmer can concentrate more on writing the model and less on struggling with the limited expressiveness of the tool. This work combines the relational features of Alloy with imperative constructs  , control constructs such as loops and recursive function calls  , and full integer arithmetic support. Tuples have two operations  , construction and element selection tuple projection  , defied on them in addition to equality based on the equalities of their constituent types algebras. This edge corresponds to the recursive function call to walksub—Barnes implements the Barnes-Hut approach for the N-body problem  , and walksub recursively traverses the primary data structure  , a tree. The LIME report for 32 cores  , summarized in Figure 8  , says the control flow edge from line 116 in grav. C to line 112 accounts for the imbalance . In the following we demonstrate how to handle an inductive proof in our system by proving a simple lemma end with On  , which expresses that at the end of the special intervals the heater is on. From the local active time  , the segment and simple times are derived the model is logically inverted to calculate the active duration from simple duration. Since the type is recursive   , Build Surrogate Fn is invoked instead of Horizontal Optimization lines 23-26. In Box 1  , the first horizontal optimization results in a new function call 2 lines 1-4  , 11-13  , and Vertical Optimization is invoked with a pair of arguments  , the resulting expression and the type Section lines 14-15. But  , on the other hand  , we have exploited some internal mechanisms of EXPRESS  , namely the indexing with most specific terms and the automatic recursive term expansion described in Chapter 4  , in order to achieve an elegant partial solution. In light of these problems  , we have not yet implemented a sufficiently complete narrowing function in EXPRESS. Further reduction in the computations can be accomplished by minimizing the coefficient of the logarithmic function of the time complexity . This set of forward and backward recurrence equations can be evaluated by applying the recursive doubling technique twice  , one for the forward recursion and another for the backward recursion  , to achieve the time lower bound. Needless to say  , future work includes a long list if items. The ap- plication domain of this strategy according to Vie86 are all kinds of recursion defined by means of function free Horn clauses. Then we turn to QSQR which has recently been introduced for handling recursive axioms in deductive databases by Vie86. Formally  , assume that we have a set U of unreachable atomic propositions. Consider the following recursive function rem U : LT LΠ → LT LΠ that operates on an LTL formula φ and removes all the positive occurrences of atomic propositions in U that appear in conjunctions recall that no negation operator appears in our formulas: The final feature vector representation of the onset signature is constructed as follows  , by attaching mean and max values to the histogram: That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results. Here it is : This first proposition is a syntactically correct program  , but semantically it presents some difficulties : -I at the recursive call  , N is not modified rule I. Our second example ls an extremely "simplified" version of the equally welt-known FACTORIAL function. To avoid using reflection   , a method is generated for each analyser that sorts all the " visit " method calls in a switch in function of the operator ids. Instead each recursive call is forwarded to a central method that dispatches according to the operator id of the current node to the appropriate analyser method. For instance /a The translation function T takes three parameters: the location step of the XSQuirrel expression  , the current binding used by the FLWR expression and a list of predicates. For example   , ;a somewhat more thorough version of the optimizer might repeat the original three phases a second time. Since LIME reports the tree traversal is imbalanced  , this suggests that the tree itself is imbalanced. We are building our theory by fii defining the concepts of higher level theories or formalisms in terms of our primitives and then proving their properties mechanically. Thus for both full generality and for tree outputting an explicitly maintained global stack is demanded. − Encoding the set of descendant tags: The size of the input document being a concern  , we make the rather classic assumption that the document structure is compressed thanks to a dictionary of tags into the document hierachy at the price of making the DescTag function recursive. These data structures are illustrated in Figure 7.a on an abstract XML document. Suppose that a structurally recursive query Q is transformed into Q T by the structural function inlining with respect to type information T . We define the cost of evaluating a query Q over a sequence s denoted by costQ  , s  , which means total number of nodes defined in the XQuery data model 12 that are accessed in the evaluation of Q. Moreover  , the recursions in the definition of S ↓ and E ↓ correspond to recursive function calls of the respective evaluation functions. Likewise  , the functions corresponding to E ↓ take an arbitrary XPath expression and a list of contexts as input and return a list of XPath values which can be of type num  , str  , bool or nset. Given a hierarchical view that already is defined  , the user simply inserts a new function and provides a defining expression by using func- tions of PREV. Osprey takes as an additional input a configuration file that allows new definitions for unit prefixes  , unit aliases  , and unit factors that can be used in unit annotations. We also use the following recursive function to construct the unit type for a variable x based on its C type τ when no appropriate annotations for x are provided: These seem to be rare in JavaScript programs—we have not encountered any in the applications in §7—and therefore serve as a diagnostic to the developer. Since the size-change principle does not consider the tests of if-statements  , it must consider infinite state sequences that cannot occur  , including the sequence that alternates between the two recursive calls. Consider  , for example  , the function  , f  , given in Figure 1. The profile above disambiguates the cases mentioned previously aa shortcomings of function and count profiles . Another important con- clusion that can be drawn is that if we could eliminate the recursive call to ** from ** from POLY-LOOP from POLY  , we could save about 93.6yo of the total run time. For hybrid relational-XML DBMS  , a straight-forward implementation of the ISSUBSUMED boolean operator is to use the SQL/XML function XMLExists 7  , 14 . Predicate buffer and output buffer: The derivation of the function Out-Buffers is similar to that of Results  , and the derivation of Pred-Buffers is straightforward. For the parse tree in Figure 2  , there are no recursive nodes  , so that #match bufs is estimated as: where the factor 3 is the fanout of node book in the parse tree. The protocol tries to construct a quorum by selecting the root and a majority of its children. During this traversal  , each nonterminal and terminal node is analyzed  , making use of parse tree annotations and other functions and lexical resources that provide " semantic " interpretations of syntactic properties and lexical information. Property 3 shows that the R M R N   , possesses an elegant recursive property with regard to its structure in a manner similar to the n-cube. Property 2 shows how the n-cube can be used to simulate the behavior and function of the RMRN ,. The link is checked for the first obstacle and moved accordingly. By doing The components of the resultant forceslmoments at the robot joints a a part due to velocity and gravity terms function of position and Even for the frictioniess problem  , a recursive  , and not the explicit form of the analytical equations which describe the robot dynamics  , is preferable for a numerical implementation. The split is then installed in the parent: the old SP for the left page is updated via update pred and a new entry for the new right page is inserted into the parent with the insert function. The recursive function is defined as: Solve formula 16 by dynamic programing to learn the indication vector E = {e1  , e2  , ..  , em} and send sequence si to query for labeling if ei = 1. be achieved with total number of elements less than or equal to j using sequences up to i. Since distinguished variables are assumed to appear exactly once in the consequents of rules with the potential of repeated variables being real&d by equalities in the antecedent  , h is a function. 0 For a rule r   , we define the function h from the set of distinguished variables in r to the set of all variables in r. For a distinguished variable x  , hx is the variable that appears in the recursive predicate in the antecedent in the same position as x appears in the consequent. In this case  , the current concept description D has to be specialized by means of an operator exploring the search space of downward refinements of D. Following the approach described in 5 ,8  , the refinement step produces a set of candidate specializations ρD and a subset of them  , namely RS  , is then randomly selected via function RandomSelection by setting its cardinality according to the value returned by a function f applied to the cardinality of the set of specializations returned by the refinement operator e.g. Finally  , the third recursive case concerns the availability of both negative and positive examples. The keyword value  , as in domain constraint definitions  , provides a way of naming  , not the type  , bul the whole instance of the type or domain being referenced in an expression that is being evaluated it is often called self or this in programming languages. Recursive use of something like a 2-place cons function quickly palls - cons94301  , cons94302  , cons94303  , cons94304  , cons94306 Notice that both measures are hard to compute over massive graphs: naive personalization would require on the fly power iteration over the entire graph for a user query; naive SimRank computation would require power iteration over all pairs of vertices. Jeh and Widom 16 introduced SimRank  , the multi-step link-based similarity function with the recursive idea that two pages are similar if pointed to by similar pages. Analogously to Theorem 6.5  , we get  Finally  , note that using arguments relating the topdown method of this section with join optimization techniques in relational databases  , one may argue that the context-value table principle is also the basis of the polynomial-time bound of Theorem 7.4. Query trees present the same limitations as 15   , and are also not capable of expressing if/then/else expressions; sequences of expressions since we require that the result of the query always be an XML document; function applications; and arithmetic and set operations. View forests 15 are capable of expressing any query in the XQueryCore that does not refer to element order  , use recursive functions or use is/is not operators. Since templates serve different needs  , we extract those with a high probability of containing structured information on the basis of the following heuristic: templates with just one or two template attributes are ignored since these are templates likely to function as shortcuts for predefined boilerplates  , as well as templates whose usage count is below a certain threshold which are likely to be erroneous. on a Wikipedia page are extracted by means of a recursive regular expression. The convenience of POE based Newton-Euler dynamics modeling of open chains  , demonstrated in 9 and 13  , has been incorporated into this work to provide a recursive formulation for computing the gradient as well. While it is possible to optimize objective functions by estimating the gradients lo  it is far more desirable to provide analytical gradients  , both for improving the performance of the optimizer 18  fewer computations of the cost function are needed and also to increase the accuracy of the gradient. In what follows  , we will present the technique circum­ venting this problem with the two-dimensional sys­ tem 7 as example. Thus  , the key to recursive design for time­ delay systems is how to overcome this difficulty to construct recursively the virtual control law in each step such that in the final step the derivative of the Lyapunov-Razumikhin function of the system is neg­ ative whenever the Razumikhin condition holds. As one composes large-grain operators and operands together into longer expressions  , each subexpression implies not only some atomic computations e.g. , pixel addition that will eventually be expressed in terms of atomic operators e.g. , + and data e.g. , integers  , but it also implies some control structure to sequence 154 Thus  , operators on such large-grain data structures imply some kind of extended control structure such as a loop  , a sequence of statements  , a recursive function  , or other. Within the SEM Model  , it also provides a function similar to an execution stack in a block-structured language  , where the current context is saved upon recursive invocations further planning and restored upon the successful translation and verification of certain artifacts following a promotion. It represents a very real although often informal set of software repositories for formal "release" levels  , commonly employed by larger software organizations. In addition to the traditional causes like sort  , duplicate elimination and aggregates  , the value of a variable must be materialized in three cases: when the variable is used multiple times in the query  , when the variable is used inside a loop FOR  , sort or quantifiers  , or when the variable is an input of a recursive function. Nevertheless  , some queries require data materialization and/or blocking. Another cause for materialization is backward navigation that cannot be transformed into forward navigation. Equations 1-5 represent a few simple formulas that are used in this study. Assume a scoring function exists ϕ· exists that calculates the similarity between a query document q and a search result r. We then define a set of ranking formulas Ψϕ  , T  that assign scores to documents based on both the similarity score ϕ and the search result tree T produced through the recursive search. In order to build our recursive calculations  , we first find an expression for the joint accelerations as a function of the acceleration of the platform and the reaction efforts  , next we find an expression for the reaction efforts as a function of the acceleration of the platform and  , finally  , we find an expression of the acceleration of the platform. We cannot extend the Featherstone method to the walking robots as easily as we extended Walker and Orin's method  , because we have also to consider the acceleration of point 0 0 and the contact efforts. As we shall see below  , global rules are very useful for customizing the translation -the user can add to the system global rules defining special treatment for specific subtrees in the data  , while the rest of the data is handled in a standard manner by the other predefined rules of the system. While our method of analyzing procedures has been motivated by the desire to Rave no restrictions on storage sharing and to proceed with minimal a-priori specifications about the program  , it allows us to model such language features as generic modes  , procedLre variables  , parameters of type procedure  , a simulated callby-name parameter mechanism and a user-accessible evaluating function. At the present time we have no general solvers for recursive procedures; however  , for regular recursion many of the loop solving techniques are applicable. A first-order database is a function-free first-order theory in which the extensional database EDB  , corresponding to the data in relations  , is a set of ground having no variables positive unit clauses. Recursive Queries It is assumed that the reader is familiar with the relationship between lagic programming and relational databases BRO84  , GAL83  , JAR84  , REI78a  , REI78b and the resolution principle in theorem proving ROB65. The other is the effect of the coordinate transforma­ tion Zi+l = Xi+l -cq X i on the Razumikhin con­ dition. Member function B is virtual in P and since it is redefined in M  , it is virtual-redefined in R. Member function C is redefined in R since its implementation is changed by M and overrides member function C from P. Finally  , data members i and j in P arc inherited but hidden in R  , which means they cannot be aeeessed by member function defined in the modifier. The modifier for class R contains one real data member  , i  , and three member functions  , A  , B and C. The modifier is combined with P under the inheritance rules to get R. Data memberfloat i is a new attribute in R since is does not appear in P. Member function A that is defined in M  , is a new attribute in R since its argument list does not agree with A's argument list in P. Member function A in P is recursive in R since it is inherited unchanged from P. Thus  , R contains two member functions named A. Also  , the calculation of the object distance is slightly different in the implementation of ARTOO than the formula given in Section 2  , in that no normalization is applied to the elementary distances as a whole: for characters  , booleans  , and reference values the given constants are directly used  , and for numbers and strings the normalization function given in Section 2 is applied to the absolute value of the difference for numbers and to the Levenshtein distance respectively for strings. The implementation of ARTOO solves infinite recursion in the field distance by cutting the recursive calculation after a fixed number of steps 2 in the case of the results presented in the next section . As briefly discussed in Section 2  , the structure irfposedon thedatabasebythedesign- eris representedby amdule graph  , that is  , a labelled directed acyclic gralk whose nodes represent n-cdules  , whose +=s indicate relationships between modules and whose labelling function assigns tags to r&es indicating how the mdule was created. We capture both the dynamic aspzcts of mdule graphs and the new requirements onmdule constructors in the following recursive definition of mdule graphs: DEFINITION 3.1: The set of nrdule graphs  , together with their sets of active modules  , is recursively defined as follws: However  , it is relatively more difficult for global variables as aliasing has to be considered to identify global variable related def-use relations  , and path reduction is not that helpful for global variables; 2 the source operands of the overflowed integer operations are from trusted sources or constants  , but the overflowed data in the two versions with different precisions did have different values at sinks; 3 IntEQ failed to recognized some benign IOs for hashing  , where the data flow paths involve recursive function calls or cross over different object files. Complete data flow information can be gathered for local scalar variables using def-use chains provided by SSA. 6 directly with stochastic gradient descent. 3 or Eqn. Initialization. This is done using stochastic gradient descent. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. Optimization. Unlike gradient descent  , in SGD  , the global objective function L D θ is not accessible during the stochastic search. Stochastic gradient descent SGD methods iteratively update the parameters of a model with gradients computed by small batches of b examples. However   , there are two difficulties in calculating stochastic gradient descents. To optimize the objective function of the Rank-GeoFM  , we use the stochastic gradient descent method. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method  , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. Based on the above derivation  , we can use the stochastic gradient descent method to find the optimal parameters. 25 concentrates on parallelizing stochastic gradient descent for matrix completion. However  , the application is completely different. 6 for large datasets is to use mini-batch stochastic gradient descent. 1 and Eq. The gradient has a similar form as that of J1 except for an additional marginalization over y h . This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. Random data sample selection is crucial for stochastic gradient descent based optimization. It is of the following form: 4  , stochastic gradient descent SGD is further applied for better efficiency 17  , and the iteration formulations are To solve Eqn. is based on stochastic gradient descent  , some parameters such as learning rate need to be tuned. Because Hogwild! N is the number of stochastic gradient descent steps. L is the average number of non-zero features in each training instance. Notice that the DREAM model utilize an iterative method in learning users' representation vectors. Then we update parameters utilizing Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD until converge. The objective function can be solved by the stochastic gradient descent SGD. 2-4; ||·|| indicate the 2- norm of the model parameters and λ is the regularization rate. Stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization . the selected documents in Sr−1  , as defined in Equation 4  , and S0 is an empty set. This makes each optimization step independent of the total number of available datapoints. Notice that the normalization factor that appears in Eq. We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: The main difference to the standard classification problem Eq. We further propose a method to optimize such a problem formulation within the standard stochastic gradient descent optimization framework. We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: This reduces the cost of calculating the normalization factor from O|V| to Olog |V|. Then  , the following relation exists between Stochastic gradient descent is a common way of solving this nonconvex problem. It is straightforward to include other variables  , such as pernode and common additive biases. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. Also  , stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization. Pr·|· stands for the probability of the ranking  , as defined in Equation 5. In the M-step  , we fix the posteriors and update Λ that maximizes Equation 8. Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the   , S i−1 . where u  , i denote pairs of citing-cited papers with non-zero entries in C. In experiments  , we used stochastic gradient descent to minimize Eq. That is , As O is computed by summing the loss for each user-POI pair  , we adopt the stochastic gradient descent SGD method for optimization . 2 is minimized. This behavior is quite similar to stochastic gradient descent method and is empirically acceptable. The objective function of LFH-Stochastic has a major trend of convergence to some stationary point with slight vibration. Inspired by Stochastic Gradient Descent updating rules  , we use the gradient of the loss to estimate the model change. It measures model change as the difference between the current model parameters and the parameters trained with expanded training set. When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. If A is a D × D matrix  , this problem corresponds to the work in 13; if A is a d × D matrix where d < D  , this problem corresponds to the work in 18. In order to use gradient descent to find the weight values that maximize our optimization function we need to define a continuous and differentiable loss function  , F loss . In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. Yet  , selecting data which most likely results in zero loss  , thus zero gradients  , simply slows down the optimization convergence. Often  , regularization terms The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. BPTT is to iteratively repeat the calculation of derivations of J with respect to different parameters and obtain these gradients of all the parameters in the end. Joint Objective. Each iteration of the stochastic gradient descent in PV-DBOW goes through each word exactly once  , so we use the document length 1/#d to ensure equal regularizations over long and short documents. Strictly speaking the objective does not decouple entirely in terms of φ and ψ due to the matrices My and Ms. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. The problem can be solved by existing numerical optimization methods such as alternating minimization and stochastic gradient descent. Regularization terms such as the Frobenius norms on the profile vectors can be introduced to avoid overfitting. In our implementation  , we use the alternating optimization for its amenability for the cold-start settings. SGD requires gradients  , which can be effectively calculated as follows: Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. Section 5 combines variational inference and stochastic gradient descent to present methods for large scale parallel inference for this probabilistic model. Section 4 addresses the hidden graph as a random graph. This is can be solved using stochastic gradient descent or other numerical methods. Given an estimate F *   , the problem is reduced to estimating maximum entropy model parameters λ that minimizes the quadratic loss in Equation 4. We alternatively execute Stage I and Stage II until the parameters converge. In Stage II  , we maximize the model likelihood with respect to U and Ψ   , this procedure can be implemented by stochastic gradient descent. where w i is the hypothesis obtained after seeing supervision S 1   , . Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the Retrospectively  , this choice now bears fruit  , as the update exists as an average amenable to stochastic gradient descent. We are able to sample graphs from qH according to Section 4. The mini-batch size of the stochastic gradient descent is set as 1 for all the methods. All the embedding vectors are finally normalized by setting || w||2 = 1. It is similar to batch inference with the constrained optimization problem out of minimizing negative log-likelihood with L2 regularization in Equation 5 replaced by Stochastic gradient descent is used for the online inference . For optimization  , we just use stochastic gradient descent in this paper. where σ −1 i represents the item ranked in position i of σ  , and |Ru| is the length of user u's rating profile. It is a fairly standard and publicly available procedure  , which require no any special knowledge or skills. In fact  , we considered  , also  , model N4 -matrix factorisation via stochastic gradient descent 11  , but it did not produce any significant improvement. In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. in the training set  , for which the correct translation is assigned rank 1. Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. Many methods are available to optimize the objective function above. The prediction of a diverse ranking list is then provided by iteratively maximizing the learned ranking function. On this basis  , we utilize stochastic gradient descent to conduct the unconstrained optimization. Details on how the model is optimized using Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD are given in Section V. This is followed by experiments in Section VI. In Section IV the proposed ranking loss is described in detail. First  , the number of positive examples would put a lower bound on the mini-batch size. This na¨ıvena¨ıve approach to construct the mini-batches for stochastic gradient descent has two main drawbacks. Thus  , next we show how to address this issue such that we can use stochastic gradient descent effectively. 6  , is the limiting factor to draw individual samples from each hypothesis set. Inspired by stochastic gradient descent method  , we propose an efficient way of updating U  , called stochastic learning . per iteration  , and ON 2  memory is needed to store S. Such cost in both computation and storage is unacceptable when N grows large. Considering the data size of the check-in data  , we use stochastic gradient descent 46 to update parametersˆUparametersˆ parametersˆU C   , ˆ V C   , andˆTandˆ andˆT C . Thus  , we only need to estimate the gradient with a very small subset 10 −4 sample rate is adopted in our method of training pairs sampled from R at each iteration. In recommendations   , the number of observations for a user is relatively small. Since the objective − log py decomposes into the sum of the negative log marginals  , we can use stochastic gradient descent with respect to users for training with GPFM. We create CNNs in the Theano framework 29 using stochastic gradient descent with momentum with one convolutional layer  , followed by a max-pooling layer and three fully connected layers. We wish to run our own standard CNN over the 85 problems as a benchmark to understand how it compares to other competing approaches before comparing MCNN to the state of the art. All the CLSM models in this study are trained using mini-batch based stochastic gradient descent  , as described by Shen et al. In practice  , however  , we did observe the data sizes to be comparable across all three datasets during this study. With the negative log marginal given in equation 15  , learning becomes an optimization problem with the optimization variables being the set {X  , X bias   , θ  , σ}. Finally  , after we obtain these parameters  , for a user i  , if the time slot of her next dining is k  , the top-K novel restaurants will be recommended according to the preference ranking of the restaurants  , which is given as We use stochastic gradient descent 45 to solve this optimization problem. Since the number of parameters is large and there are tremendous amount of training data  , we use stochastic gradient descent SGD to learn the model  , since it is proven to be scalable and effective. First  , we look at the top layer weights for field pairs: We develop a Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD based optimization procedure to learn the context-aware latent representations by jointly estimating context related parameters and users' and items' latent factors. We instantiate the proposed framework using biased MF model  , a popular MF based model for rating prediction. This is not a very restrictive assumption since we use stochastic gradient descent which requires to take small steps to converge. We assume that F x; w changes slowly for not affected values and more so for values for which gradients are applied. Then the loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model  , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. Method 1 is one of the most effective approaches for rating prediction in recommender systems 21  , 28  and has been extensively studied in the machine learning literature see for example 25  , 37  , 36  , 22  , 35  , 27 . Since there is no closed form solution for the parameters w and b that minimize Equation 1  , we resort to Stochastic Gradient Descent 30  , a fast and robust optimization method. The second term is introduced for regularization  , where λ controls the strength of regularization. First  , existing OWPC is developed for ranking problem with binary values  , i.e. , relevance or irrelevance  , while in this paper we extend the objective function to rank POIs with different visiting frequencies  , and provide the solutions for stochastic gradient descent optimization. Our proposed method differs from the existing approaches 20  , 21  in two aspects. We employ stochastic gradient descent to learn the parameters   , where the gradients are obtained via backprop- agation 12  , with fixed learning rate of 0.1. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. The remainder of this paper is concerned with a ranking formulation for binary hypothesis sets that allows top-1 prediction within the given hypthesis set as well as classification of that top-1 choice. In Section 6  , we show state of the art results on two practical problems  , a sample of movies viewed by a few million users on Xbox consoles  , and a binarized version of the Netflix competition data set. While we might be able to justify the assumption that documents arrive randomly   , the n-grams extracted from those documents clearly violate this requirement. However   , stochastic gradient descent requires that training examples are picked at random such that the batched update rule 4 behaves like the empirical expectation over the full training set 11. This makes the framework well suited for interactive settings as well as large datasets. Our framework is based upon examining the data in time slices to account for the decayed influence of an ad and we use stochastic gradient descent for optimization . where #d is the number of words in d  , || d|| is the norm of vector d and γ is a hyper-parameter that control the strength of regularization. As an output  , our model produces not only test.predictions  , but  , also  , train.predictions  , which maybe used for smoothing similar to 4. Autonomous Motion Department at the Max-Planck- Institute for Intelligent Systems  , Tübingen  , Germany Email: first.lastname@tue.mpg.de for some subsets of data points separating postives from negatives may be easy to achieve  , it generally can be very hard to achieve this separation for all data points. Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. GGGP is an extension of genetic programming. The term "Genetic Programming" was first introduced by Koza 12 and it enables a computer to do useful things by automatic programming. The proposed approach provides the generation of the error recovery logic using a method called Genetic Programming GP. However  , whether the balance can be achieved by genetic programming used by GenProg has still been unknown so far. Compared to random search  , genetic programming used by GenProg can be regard as efficient only when the benefit in terms of early finding a valid patches with fewer number of patch trials  , brought by genetic programming  , has the ability of balancing the cost of fitness evaluations  , caused by genetic programming itself. The problems all shared a common set of primitives. We used strongly typed genetic programming Finally  , GGGP was applied to create reference models. The core of this engine is a machine learning technique called Genetic Programming GP. 10. Given a problem  , the basic idea behind genetic programming 18 is to generate increasingly better solutions of the given problem by applying a number of genetic operators to the current population . As we have formalized link specifications as trees  , we can use Genetic Programming GP to solve the problem of finding the most appropriate complex link specification for a given pair of knowledge bases. For simplification  , we can measure the efficiency of GenProg using the NTCE when a valid patch is found 39. Communication fitness for controller of Figure  93503 for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. In Section 2  , we provide background information on term-weighting components and genetic programming. This paper is organized as follows. l   , who used genetic programming to evolve control programs for modular robots consisting of sliding-style modules 2  , 81. al. Several program repair approaches assume the existence of program specification. We have compared our technique with genetic programming 2  , 6. First  , the initial population is generated  , and then genetic operators  , such as Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. One of the key problems of genetic programming is that it is a nondeterministic procedure. Genetic operators simulate natural selection mechanisms such as mutation and reproduction to enable the creation of individuals that best abide by a given fitness function. These primitives were d e signed to aid genetic programming in finding a solution and either encapsulated problem specific information or low-level information that was thought to be helpful for obtaining a solution. In addition  , gradient primitives   , shown to be effective for communication in modular robots We also gave the genetic programming runs additional primitives for each problem. In this paper  , however  , we plan to further investigate whether genetic programming used by GenProg has the better performance over random search  , when the actual evolutionary search has started to work. They doubted that the promising results may not be brought by genetic programming used by GenProg  , because the patch search problem can be easy when random search would have likely yielded similar results. Determining which information to add was the result of parallel attempts to examine the unsuccessful results produced by the genetic programming and attempts to hand code problem solutions. We defer discussing the possible reason to Section 6. Answer for RQ1: In our experiment  , for most programs 23/24  , random search used by RSRepair performs better in terms of requiring fewer patch trials to search a valid patch than genetic programming used by GenProg  , regardless of whether genetic programming really starts to work see Figure 1 or not. In this paper  , we try to investigate the two questions via the performance comparison between genetic programming and random search. Furthermore  , the question of whether the benefit brought by genetic programming can balance the cost caused by fitness evaluations is not addressed. One novel part of our work is that we use a Genetic Programming GP based technique called ARRANGER Automatic geneRation of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming to discover ranking functions automatically Fan 2003a. But most of those ranking functions are manually designed by experts based on heuristics  , experience  , observations  , and statistical theories. Ranking functions usually could not work consistently well under all situations. We compared EAGLE with its batch learning counterpart. In this paper we presented EAGLE  , an active learning approach for genetic programming that can learn highly accurate link specifications. Other researchers used classifier systems 17  or genetic programming paradigm 3  to approach the path planning problem. Both approaches assume a predefined map consisting of fixed knot points. RQ2 is designed to answer the question. proposed GenProg  , an automatic patch generation technique based on genetic programming. However  , we could not fully verify the qualifications of the survey participants.  In Section 3  , we present our Combined Component Approach for similarity calculation. Individuals in the new generation are produced based on those in the current one. Genetic Programming searches for the " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. 19  select ranking functions using genetic programming   , maximizing the average precision on the training data. As a follow-on to this work  , Lacerda et al. GP maintains a population of individual programs. Genetic programming GP is a computational method inspired by biological evolution  , which discovers computer programs tailored to a particular task 19. Individuals in a new generation are produced based on those in the previous one. Genetic Programming searches for an " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. The entity resolution ER problem see 14 ,3  for surveys shares many similarities with link discovery. Later  , approaches combining active learning and genetic programming for LD were developed 10 ,21. An individual represents a tentative solution for the target problem. In Genetic Programming  , a large number of individuals  , called a population  , are maintained at each generation. We are not surprised for this experimental results. Then  , why does genetic programming  , a fitness evaluation directed search  , perform worse than a purely random search in our experiment ? 17  propose matching ads with a function generated by learning the impact of individual features using genetic programming. A. Lacerda et al. This approach randomly mutates buggy programs to generate several program variants that are possible patch candidates. The 'Initial Repair' heading reports timing information for the genetic programming phase and does not include the time for repair minimization. Successful repairs were generated for each program. for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. collision avoidance as well as helping achieve the overall task. 7  proposed a new approach to automatically generate term weighting strategies for different contexts  , based on genetic programming GP. Fan et al. Interested readers can reference that paper or  The details of our system and methodology for Genetic Programming GP are discussed in our Robust track paper. Generate an initial population of random compositions of the functions and terminals of the problem solutions. Genetic programming uses four steps to solve problems: 1. GP is expansion of GA in order to treat structural representation. Genetic ProgrammingGP is the method of learning and inference using this tree-based representation". As our time and human resources were limited for taking two tasks simultaneously  , in this task we only concentrate on testing our ranking function discovery technique  , ARRANGER Automatic Rendering of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming Fan 2003a  , Fan 2003b  , which uses Genetic Programming GP to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for various information needs. We submitted results on both topic distillation and home page/named page finding tasks. Given the problem  , RQ1 asks whether genetic programming used by GenProg works well to benefit the generation of valid patches. Although some promising results for GenProg have been presented in some recent serial papers 40  , 23  , 21  , 38  , 10  , 22  , the problem of whether the promising results are got based on the guidance of genetic programming or just because the mutation operations are powerful enough to tolerate the inaccuracy of used fitness function has never been studied. Although promising results have been shown in their work  , the problem of whether the promising results are caused by genetic programming or just because the used mutation operations are very effective is still not be addressed. Both GenProg and Par use the same fault localization technique to locate faulty statements  , and genetic programming to guide the patch search  , but differ in the concrete mutation operations. Genetic Programming GP 14 is a Machine Learning ML technique that helps finding good answers to a given problem where the search space is very large and when there is more than one objective to be accomplished. Having this in mind  , we propose a genetic programmingbased approach to handle this problem. Also  , the work in 24  applies Genetic Programming to learn ranking functions that select the most appropriate ads. However  , we propose a learning method to maximize Click-through-Rate CTR for impressions. The experimental results show that the matching function outperforms the best method in 21 in finding relevant ads. We also compared our method with genetic programming based repair techniques. To assess the efficiency and effectiveness of our technique  , we employed SEMFIX tool to repair seeded defects as well as real defects in an open source software. Genetic programming approaches support more complex repairs but rely on heuristics and hence lack these important properties. Our focus on constant prints allows us to perform exhaustive search for repairs  , ensuring both completeness and minimality. GP makes it possible to solve complex problems for which conventional methods can not find an answer easily. The return value of a fitness function must appropriately measure how well an individual  , which represents a solution  , can solve the target problem. Our first approach extends a state-of-the-art tag recommender based on Genetic Programming to include novelty and diversity metrics both as attributes and in the objective function 1. We have already proposed and evaluated two different strategies. Koza applied GP Genetic Programming to automatic acquisition of subsum tion architecture to perform wall-following behavior  ?2. So far  , many researchers applied GA to motion acquisition problems for robots or virtual creatures. Given that genetic programming is non-deterministic  , all results presented below are the means of 5 runs. All non-RDF datasets were transformed into RDF and all string properties were set to lower case. Each experiment was ran on a single thread of a server running JDK1.7 on Ubuntu 10.0.4 and was allocated maximally 2GB of RAM. We also employed GenProg to repair the bugs in Coreutils. This confirms that if the repair expression does not exist in other places of the program  , genetic programming based approaches have rather low chance of synthesizing the repair. Learning approaches based on genetic programming have been most frequently used to learn link specifications 5 ,15 ,17. The idea behind active learners also called curious classifiers 18 is to query for the labels of In addition  , it usually requires a large training data set to detect accurate solutions. Another genetic programming-based approach to link discovery is implemented in the SILK framework 15. Thus  , it is only able to learn a subset of the specifications that can be generated by EAGLE. This representation is used as knowledge representation and is considered to suit as knowledge re~resentation~l. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , overtraining is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. They form the ranking function candidate pool. Finally  , we applied data mining DM techniques based on grammar-guided genetic programming GGGP to create reference models useful for defining population groups. This way  , symbolic sequences can be automatically compared to detect similarities  , class patients  , etc. The average time required by SEMFIX for each repair is less than 100 seconds. Out of the 90 buggy programs  , with a test suite size of 50 — SEMFIX repaired 48 buggy programs while genetic programming repaired only 16. We also notice that GenProg failed for all arithmetic bugs. There has also been work on synthesizing programs that meet a given specification. These functions are discovered using genetic programming GP and a state-of-the-art classifier optimumpath forest OPF 3  , 4. The method detects these cases by exploiting a combination of automatically generated similarity functions. We use genetic programming to evolve program variants until one is found that both retains required functionality and also avoids the defect in question. Instead  , it works on off-the-shelf legacy applications and readily-available testcases . A framework for tackling this problem based on Genetic Programming has been proposed and tested. In this paper  , we considered the problem of classification in the context of document collections where textual content is scarce and imprecise citation information exists. Furthermore  , we will aim at devising automatic configuration approaches for EAGLE. The following experiments were run by connecting FX- PAL'S genetic programming system to a modular robot simulator  , built by J. Kubica and S. Vassilvitskii. The expansion and contraction of these arms provide the modules with their only form of motion. Active learning approaches based on genetic programming adopt a comitteebased setting to active learning. In this setting  , the information content of a pair s  , t is usually inverse to its distance from the boundary of C t . As the planning motion  , we give this system vertical movement and one step walk. With this system  , we simulate motion generation hierarchically for six legged locomotion robot using Genetic Programming. Sims studied on co-evolution of motion controller and morphology of rirtual creatures 3. All the experiments were conducted on a Core 2 Quad 2.83GHz CPU  , 3GB memory computer with Ubuntu 10.04 OS. The classifier uses these similarity functions to decide whether or not citations belong to a same author. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9. Thus  , the choice of the optimal feature sets may require a preliminary feature construction phase. Subsequently  , we give some insight in active learning and then present the active learning model that underlies our work. We show how the discovery of link specifications can consequently be modeled as a genetic programming problem. GP is a machine learning technique inspired by biological evolution to find solutions optimized for certain problem characteristics. To give proper answers for these questions  , we propose a new approach to content-targeted advertising based on Genetic Programming GP. The main inconvenient of this approach is that it is not deterministic. Here  , the mappings are discovered by using a genetic programming approach whose fitness function is set to a PFM. Using an error situation obtained with the sampled parameters  , a fitness unction based on the allowed recovery criteria can be defined. In Genetic Programming  , each member in the population is a computer program for the solution of the problem. We used strongly typed genetic programming The specific primitives added for each problem are discussed with setup of the the initial population  , results of crossover and mutation  , and subtrees created during mutation respectively . The three most common and most important methods are: Genetic programming applies a number of different possible conditions to the best solutions to create the next generation of solutions. The goal of grammarguided genetic programming is to solve the closure problem 7. However  , the computational cost of this approach is extremely high for problems requiring large population sizes 6 . External validity is concerned with generalization. In addition  , in the future we will investigate whether genetic programming has the advantage over random search on fixing bugs existing in multi files. Other approaches based on genetic programming e.g. , 17 detect matching properties while learning link specifications  , which currently implements several time-efficient approaches for link discovery. For example  , 16 relies on the hospital-residents problem to detect property matches. Although they also used genetic programming  , their evaluation was limited to small programs such as bubble sorting and triangle classification  , while our evaluation includes real bugs in open source software. introduced an automatic patch generation technique 5. The 'Time' column reports the wall-clock average time required for a trial that produced a primary repair. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , over-training is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. Only the most robust and consistent functions are selected and they form the ranking function candidate pool. Realizing this  , we use tree-based representation as motion knowledge and construct the system using tree-based representation. Similarly  , the approach presented in 21 assumes that a 1-to-1 mapping is to be discovered. Supervised batch learning approaches for learning such classifiers must rely on large amounts of labeled data to achieve a high accuracy. This paper has reported our initial experiments aimed at investigating whether evolutionary programming  , and genetic programming in particular can evolve multiple robot controllers that utilise communication to improve their ability to collectively perform a task. Communication fitness for controller of Figure  93503 For the last 2 programs in Figure 1b  , the advantage of RSRepair is statistical significance; although there exists no significant difference for the remaining 4 programs due to too small sample sizes no more than 20 in the " Size " column of Figure 1b  , RSRepair has the smaller NCP in terms of Mean and Median. For the representation problem  , GenProg represents each candidate patch as the Abstract Syntax Tree AST of the patched program. As described in 15  , GenProg needs to implement two key ingredients before the application of genetic programming: 1 the representation of the solution and 2 the definition of the fitness function. However  , Andrea Arcuri and Lionel Briand found that GenProg often searched valid patches in the random initialization of the first population before the actual evolutionary search even starts to work. With the hypothesis that some missed important functionalities may occur in another position in the same program  , GenProg attempts to automatically repair defective program with genetic programming 38. GenProg 2 has the ability of fixing bugs in deployed  , legacy C programs without formal specifications. Then  , in this subsection we plan to investigate to what extent genetic programming used by GenProg worsens the repair efficiency over random search used by RSRepair. " Hence  , it is not surprising that GenProg  , most often  , took more time to repair successfully faulty programs  , on average  , in Table  2. Our technique takes as input a program  , a set of successful positive testcases that encode required program behavior  , and a failing negative testcase that demonstrates a defect. Our classification approach combines a genetic programming GP framework  , which is used to define suitable reference similarity functions   , with the Optimum-Path Forest OPF classifier  , a graph-based approach that uses GP-based edge weights to assign input references to the correct authors. The proposed system uses that information along with pure training samples defined by an unsupervised approach   , in a hybrid classification scheme. As we can see  , Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. Better solutions are obtained either by inheriting and reorganizing old ones or by lucky mutation  , simulating Darwinian Evolution. Further  , given the negative impact of irrelevant ads on credibility and brand of publishers and advertisers  , how to design functions that minimize the placement of irrelevant ads  , especially when the relevant ones are not available ? Then  , we give an overview of the grammar that underlies links specifications in LIMES and show how the resulting specifications can be represented as trees. sKDD transforms the original numerical temporal sequences into symbolic sequences  , defines a symbolic isokinetics distance SID that can be used to compare symbolic isokinetics sequences   , and provides a method  , SYRMO  , for creating symbolic isokinetics reference models using grammar-guided genetic programming. This paper has focused on the I4 project's sKDD subsystem. We developed a genetic programming approach to finding consensus structural motifs in a set of RNA sequences known to be functionally related. Knowing the common structural motifs in a set of coregulated RNA sequences will help us better understand the regulation mechanism. Of these techniques  , GenProg and Par  , the two awardwinning patch generation techniques  , presented the very promising results. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 18. Arithmetic operators and the log function are internal nodes while different numerical features of the query and ad terms can be leafs of the function tree. Their approach relies on formal specifications  , which our approach does not require. Recent work has addressed this drawback by relying on active learning  , which was shown in 15 to reduce the amount of labeled data needed for learning link specifications. For example  , the genetic programming approach used in 7 has been shown to achieve high accuracies when supplied with more than 1000 positive examples. For example   , the approach presented in 5 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. Although unsupervised techniques were newly developed see  , e.g. , 17  , most of the approaches developed so far abide by the paradigm of supervised machine learning. In this paper we have introduced a new approach based on the combination of term weighting components  , extracted from well-known information retrieval ranking formulas  , using genetic programming. Finally  , but not less important  , we also intend to examine closely the discovered best ranking functions to understand better how they work and the reasons for their effectiveness. Genetic Programming has been widely used and approved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management. Computer programs that evolve in ways that resemble natural selection can solve complex problems even their creators do not fully understand " Holland  , 1975. Genetic Programming shows its sharp edge in solving such kind of problems  , since its internal tree structure representation for " individuals " can be perfectly used for describing ranking functions. We can actually treat the ranking function space as a space consists of all kinds of tree structures. Section 2 of the paper gives an overview of the I4 Intelligent Interpretation of Isokinetics Information system  , of which this research is part. A follow-up work 13 proposes a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function. To solve this problem  , Ribeiro- Neto et al expand the page vocabulary with terms from other similar pages weighted based on the overall similarity of the origin page to the matched page  , and show improved matching precision. Guided by genetic programming  , GenProg has the ability to repair programs without any specification  , and GenProg is commonly considered to open a new research area of general automated program repair 26  , 20  , although there also exists earlier e.g. , 5  , 2 and concurrent work on this topic 6. Automated repair techniques have received considerable recent research attentions. Construct validity threats concern the appropriateness of the evaluation measurement. In addition  , in this paper we focus only on the comparison between random search and genetic programming  , in our future work we plan to study random search with the comparison on other repair techniques such as 12  , 5  , 28. In a follow-up work 7 the authors propose a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function. To solve this problem  , Ribeiro-Neto et al expand the page vocabulary with terms from other similar pages weighted based on the overall similarity of the origin page to the matched page  , and show improved matching precision.   , but none of these strategies reaches the level of applicability and the speed of execution of random testing. Several other strategies for input generation have been proposed symbolic execution combined with constraint solving 30  , 18  , direct setting of object fields 5  , genetic programming 29  , etc. In order to answer these questions  , we choose ARRANGER – a Genetic Programming-based discovery engine 910 to perform the ranking function tuning. To copy otherwise  , or republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. Genetic Programming has been widely used and proved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management 119. Computer programs that evolve in ways that resemble natural selection can solve complex problems even their creators do not fully understand " 16. In the following  , we present our implementation of the different GP operators on link specifications and how we combine GP and active learning. This approach is yet a batch learning approach and it consequently suffers of drawbacks of all batch learning approaches as it requires a very large number of human annotations to learn link specifications of a quality comparable to that of EAGLE. The robot modules we consider are the TeleCube modules currently being developed at Xerox PARC 13 and shown in Figure 1 . Still  , none of the active learning approaches for LD presented in previous work made use of the similarity of unlabeled link candidates to improve the convergence of curious classifiers. While the first active genetic programming approach was presented in 4  , similar approaches for LD were developed later 7 ,15 . For example  , the approach presented in 8 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. With regard to the generation of link specifications  , some unsupervised techniques were newly developed see  , e.g. , 22  , but most of the approaches developed so far abide by the paradigm of supervised machine learning. This absence of any system in choosing inputs is also what exposes random testing to the most criticism. 15 proposes an approach based on the Cauchy-Schwarz inequality that allows discarding a large number of superfluous comparisons. Particularly  , we investigate an inductive learning method – Genetic Programming GP – for the discovery of better fused similarity functions to be used in the classifiers  , and explore how this combination can be used to improve classification effectiveness . In this work we try to overcome these problems by applying automatically discovered techniques for fusion of the available evidence. Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. It provides sound solutions to many difficult problems  , for which people have not found a theoretical or practical breakthrough. Another approach to contextual advertising is to reduce it to the problem of sponsored search advertising by extracting phrases from the page and matching them with the bid phrase of the ads. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 8. These primitives were largely derived directly from the basic actions and abilities of the modules and simple computational constructs. The best computer program that appeared in any generation  , the best-so-far solution  , is designated as the result of genetic programming Koza 19921. Additionally  , our approach synthesizes grasps  , with no a priori constraints on initial grasps  , as opposed to lo  , in which grasp primitives are learned based on a given set of grasp primitives. In addition  , similar to other search-based software engineering SBSE 15  , 14 approaches  , genetic programming often suffers from the computationally expensive cost caused by fitness evaluation  , a necessary activity used to distinguish between better and worse solutions. valid patches much faster  , in terms of requiring fewer patch trials 1   , than random search. That is  , compared to random search  , genetic programming does not bring benefits in term of fewer NCP in this case to balance the cost caused by fitness evaluations. As presented in RQ1  , to find a valid patch  , GenProg  , in most cases  , requires not fewer NCP than RSRepair. 26  introduced the idea of program repair using genetic programming  , where existing parts of code are used to patch faults in other parts of code and patching is restricted to those parts that are relevant to the fault. Weimer et al. We note that this weakness is inherent in any test suite based program repair  , since no formal program specification is given and repairs can only be generated with respect to limited number of given tests. This is the major motivation to choose GP for the ranking function discovery task. Based on the plaintext collection  , our ARRANGER engine  , a Genetic Programming GP based ranking function discovery system  , is used to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for the topic distillation task. Instead  , we construct a " surrogate " plaintext collection by merging full text content with all the anchor information for a page. The function is represented as a tree composed of arithmetic operators and the log function as internal nodes  , and different numerical features of the query and ad terms as leafs. With flexible GP operators and structural motif representations  , our new method is able to identify general RNA secondary motifs. We choose not to record the genetic programming operations performed to obtain the variant as an edit script because such operations often overlap and the resulting script is quite long. For example  , our variants often include changes to control flow e.g. , if or while statements for which both the opening brace { and the closing brace } must be present; throwing away part of such a patch results in a program that does not compile. The isolation of the search strategies from the search space makes the solution compatible with that of Valduriez891 and thus applicable to more general database programming languages which can be deductive or object-oriented Lanzelotte901. This is illustrated by modeling within the same framework different enumerative  , randomized and genetic search strategies  , Furthermore  , we show how the search strategies thus produced can be controlled in the sense that successful termination can be enforced by assertions. Yet  , so far  , none of these approaches has made use of the correlation between the unlabeled data items while computing the set of most informative items. Several approaches that combine genetic programming and active learning have been developed over the course of the last couple of years and shown to achieve high F-measures on the deduplication see e.g. , 4 and LD see e.g. , 15 problems. Furthermore  , affected by GenProg  , Par also uses genetic programming to guide the patch search in the way like GenProg. After that  , general automated program repair has gone from being entirely unheard of to having its own multi-paper sessions  , such as " Program Repair " session in ICSE 2013  , in many top tier conferences 20  , and many researchers justify the advantage of their techniques  , such as Par and SemFix  , via the comparison with GenProg. The fact that it has been successfully applied to similar problems  , has motivated us to use it as a basis for discovering good similarity functions for record replica identification. This approach captures the novelty and diversity of a list of recommended tags implicitly  , by introducing metrics that assess the semantic distance between different tags diversity and the inverse of the popularity of the tag in the application novelty. AutoFix-E 37 can repair programs but requires for the contracts in terms of pre-and post-conditions. Running test cases typically dominated GenProg's runtime " 22  , which is also suitable for RSRepair  , so we use the measurement of NTCE to compare the repair efficiency between GenProg and RSRepair  , which is also consistent with traditional test case prioritization techniques aiming at early finding software bugs with fewer NTCE. Short titles may mislead the results  , specially generic titles such as Genetic Programming  , then we add the publication venue title to this type of query. If ti comprises only one or two words  , the query is formed by the quoted title ti followed by the first four author names  , similar to the previously described query  , also not permitting one word error  , followed by an AND statement using the first four words from the publication venue title vi. That is  , RSRepair immediately discards one candidate patch once the patched program fails to pass some test case. Unlike genetic programming which requires fitness evaluation in the sense that GenProg has to run fixed size of test cases to compute the fitness of a candidate patch even if GenProg has been aware that the patch is invalid i.e. , the patched program has ever failed to pass some test case  , random search has no such constraint. Recently  , in the paper 40 genetic programming is proposed to fix automatically the general bugs  , and a prototype tool called GenProg based on this technique is implemented. We conducted a set of experiments aiming to evaluate the proposed disambiguation system in comparison with stateof-the-art methods on two well-known datasets. To the best of our knowledge  , the problem of discovering accurate link specifications has only been addressed in very recent literature by a small number of approaches: The SILK framework 14  now implements a batch learning approach to discovery link specifications based on genetic programming which is similar to the approach presented in 6. Note that the task of discovering links between knowledge bases is closely related with record linkage 30 ,10 ,5 ,17. These are supervised approaches that begin with a small number of labeled links and then inquire labels for data items that promise to improve their accuracy. The evaluation has shown that the numerical and symbolic reference models generated from isokinetics tests on top-competition sportsmen and women are  , in the expert's opinion  , similar. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. , NDCG by using the Simulated Annealing which uses a modification of downhill Simplex method for the next candidate move to find the global min- imum. Some other approaches for directly optimizing IR measures use Genetic Programming 1  , 49 or approximate the IR measures with the functions that are easy-to-handle 44  , 12. This hierarchical agglomerative step begins with leaf clusters  , and has complexity quadratic in . Thus the extra space required for the agglomerative step is Og # r . Locality-based methods group objects based on local relationships. Hierarchical procedures can be either agglomerative or divisive . These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. The resulting groups are then used to define the memberships of modules. They can be run in batch or interactively  , and can use a pre-existing modularization to reduce the amount of human interaction needed. To test this hypothesis  , we decided to use agglomerative cluster- ing 5 to construct a hierarchy of tags. We wanted to determine whether it was possible to automatically induce a hierarchical tag structure that corresponded to the way in which a human would perform this task. λ1 and λ2 are two trade-off parameters that explore the relative importance of classification results in the source domain and the target domain. In particular  , we use the L2 i.e. , ridge regularization method 12. ω k denotes the combination parameters for each term with emotion e k   , and can be estimated by maximizing log-likelihood function with L2 i.e. , ridge regularization. Here the feature vector φi is composed by the count of each term in the i th comment. To maximize the overall log likelihood  , we can maximize each log likelihood function separately. Each log likelihood function relies on one set of parameters. Maximizing the likelihood function is equivalent to maximizing the logarithm of the likelihood function  , so The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. 6 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using submodular function. 5 Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: rerank retrieved questions by query likelihood model system 1 using submodular function Eqn.13. Therefore  , the likelihood function takes on the values zero and -~-only. The likelihood function does not hit the dark shaded fields  4  , 3  and  4  , 4 . To prevent over-fitting  , we add an l1 regularization term to each log likelihood function. After some simple but not obvious algebra  , we obtain the following objective function that is equivalent to the likelihood function: Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. As the feasibility grids represent the crossability states of the environment   , the likelihood fields of the feasibility grids are ideally adequate for deriving the likelihood function for moving objects  , just as the likelihood fields of the occupancy grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. where p m · and p s · denotes the likelihood function for moving objects and stationary object  , respectively. On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. There are several nonadjacent intervals where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value : from the likelihood function alone one can't tell which interval contains the true value for the number of defects in the document. Since log L is a strictly increasing function  , the parameters of Θ which maximize log-likelihood of log L also maximize the likelihood L 31. The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. 4 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Maximal Marginal Relevance: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using MMR. With these feature functions  , we define the objective likelihood function as: Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. This method is common because it gives a concise  , analytical estimate of the parameters based on the data. Maximizing the likelihood function is equivalent to maximizing the logarithm of the likelihood function  , so The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. A likelihood function is constructed assuming a parameter set  , generating a pdf for each sample based on those parameters  , then multiplying all these pdf's together. Thus  , the MAP estimate is the maximum of the following likelihood function. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. The uncertainty is estimated for localization using a local map by fitting a normal distribution to the likelihood function generated. The localization method that we use constructs a likelihood function in the space of possible robot positions. First  , we integrate the likelihood function 25 over Θ to derive a marginal likelihood function only conditioned on the intent bias: Let's examine this updating procedure in more detail. Since the log likelihood function is non-convex  , we use Expectation-Maximization 12  for training. We train the three models by maximizing the log-likelihood of the data. By summing log likelihood of all click sequences  , we get the following log-likelihood function: The exact derivation is omitted to save space. We maximize this likelihood function to estimate the value of μs. 2. Generative model. The likelihood function of a graph GV  , E given the latent labeling is Notice that the likelihood function only applies a " penalty " to regions in the visual range Of the scan; it is Usually computed using ray-tracing. This figure shows a sensor scan dots at the outside  , along with the likelihood function grayly shaded area: the darker a region  , the smaller the likelihood of observing an obstacle. This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . maximize the likelihood that our particular model produced the data. where µi ∈ R denotes a user-specific offset. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as when assuming that n defects are contained in the document . Note that the likelihood function is just a function and not a probability distribution. The inspection result is assumed to be fixed. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as  Binary actions with r ij ∈ {−1  , 1}. In such a case  , the objective function degenerates to the log-likelihood function of PLSA with no regularization. Let us first consider the special case when λ = 0. However   , the biggest difference to most methods in the second category is that Pete does not assume any panicular dishhution for the data or the error function. It does have an analogy to the generalized likelihood ratio test Z  when the error function is the log-likelihood function. Essentially  , we take the ratio of the greatest likelihood possible given our hypothesis  , to the likelihood of the best " explanation " overall. The concept of a likelihood function can easily be used to statistically test a given hypothesis  , by applying the likelihood ratio test. The second potential function of the MRF likelihood formulation is the one between pairs of reviewers . Pair Potentials. The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. The first assumption in 12 requires that The deviance is a comparative statistic. The ζµi; yi is the log-likelihood function for the model being estimated. This ranking function treats weights as probabilities. Hence  , the likelihood of a value assignment being useful  , is computed as: The likelihood function Eq. where the measurements {Ri  , z ;} are assumed to be independent given the object state Xt. We use MLE method to estimate the population of web robots. The likelihood function for the t observations is: likelihood function. This problem is equivalent to finding K that maximizes the probability of generating new data  , i.e. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function  , ω and α in Eq. This section introduces the optimization methodology on Riemannian manifolds. Considering the log-likelihood function f : SO3 → R given by In the case of discrete data the likelihood measures the probability of observing the given data as a function of θ θ θ. In practice it is usually easier to equivalently maximize the log-likelihood: For a single query session  , the likelihood pC|α is computed by integrating out the Ri with uniform priors and the examination variables Ei. Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is Operating in the log-likelihood domain allows us to fit the peak with a second-order polynomial. We approximate the peak in the likelihood function as a normal distribution. is the multi-dimensional likelihood function of the object being in all of the defined classes and all poses given a particular class return. c z  ⊤ for object i then the joint likelihood is This is illustrated in Figure 3. This vector is the mean direction of the prediction PDF  , The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. The combined likelihood function for pixel v  , pv  , is simply the product of the three individual likelihood functions. Then 0 is determined from the mean value function. We will take an approach that estimates the product ~b = X00 by using a conditional joint density function as the likelihood function. We report the logarithm of the likelihood function  , averaged over all observations in the test set. The log-likelihood metric shows how well a time model explains the observed times between user actions. The marginal likelihood is obtained by integrating out hence the term marginal  the utility function values fi  , which is given by: This means optimizing the marginal likelihood of the model with respect to the latent features and covariance hyperparameters. Figure 10shows the likelihood and loop closure error as a function of EM iteration. The likelihood of the data increases with each iteration  , and the loop closure error decreases  , improving significantly from a baseline static M-estimator. We have found that for our data set JCBB 21  , where the likelihood function is based on the Mahalanobis distance and number of associations is sufficient  , however other likelihood models could be used. We then refine the association matrix probabilistically. The log-likelihood function could be represented as:   , YN }  , we need to estimate the optimal model setting Θ = {λ k } K k=1   , which maximizes the conditional likelihood defined in Eq1 over the training set. This type of detection likelihood has the form of  , A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. To centre the mean of the RGB likelihood function on the fingertips  , two additional likelihood functions are introduced. This difference in estimated hand position could cause the tracked state's posterior distribution  , belx  , to unstably fluctuate. Since there is no closed-form solution for maximizing the likelihood with respect to its parameters  , the maximization has to be performed numerically. maximum expected likelihood is indeed the true matching σI . We explain our choice of the function φ and hence our specific weight function wu  , v by showing that the weight of a matching is proportional to its log likelihood  , and the matching with maximum expected weight i.e. We also report the logarithm of the likelihood function LM  for each click model M   , averaged over all query sessions S in the test set all click models are learned to optimize the likelihood function : Lower values of perplexity correspond to higher quality of a model. However  , even if T does not accurately measure the likelihood that a page is good  , it would still be useful if the function could at least help us order pages by their likelihood of being good. In practice  , it is very hard to come up with a function T with the previous property. The combined query likelihood model with submodular function yields significantly better performance on the TV dataset for both ROUGE and TFIDF cosine similarity metrics. The results achieved by query likelihood models with the submodular function are promising compared with conventional diversity promotion technique. For a given camera and experimental setup  , this likelihood function can be computed analytically more details in Sections III-E and III-F. The first term in the above integrand is the measurement likelihood function  , which depends on the projection geometry and the noise model. The permutation test method Pete differs significantly from methods in the first category since it does not assign any data-independent cost to model complexity. Since the confidence level is low  , the interval estimate is to be discarded. Since it is often difficult to work with such an unwieldy product as L  , the value which is typically maximized is the loglikelihood This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . If the samples are spaced reasonably densely which is easily done with only a few dozen samples  , one can guarantee that the global maximum of the likelihood function can be found. Our approach performs gradient descent using each sample as a starting point  , then computes the goodness of the result using the obvious likelihood function. The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. The first is a distance transform  , where the likelihood  , p d   , of a registered pixel  , v  , depends on its 3D distance to the closest edge  , edgev. In this paper a squared exponential covariance function is optimised using conjugate gradient descent. The GP utility model can be trained by minimising the negative log marginal likelihood of the GP with respect to the hyperparameters of the covariance function. Likewise  , for the example in section 1.4  , the objective function at our desirable solutions is 0.5  , and have value 0.25 for the unpartitioned case. For example  , the value of the likelihood function corresponding to our desirable parameter values where class A generates t1  , class B generates t2  , class N generates t3 is 2 −4 while for a solution where class A generates the whole document d1 and class B generates the whole document d2  , the value of the likelihood function is 2 −8 . In this case  , we can use a conditional joint density function as the likelihood function. Then  , the number of failures experienced in 0 ,re will be a random variable. This is a function of three variables: To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. The role of this function is to force that reviewers who have collaborated on writing favorable reviews  , end up in the same cluster. We use the gradient decent method to optimize the objective function. Learning RFG is to estimate the remaining free parameters θ  , which maximizes the log-likelihood objective function Oθ. We could still use the gradient decent method to solve the objective function. Learning the TRFG model is to estimate a parameter configuration θ = {α}  , {β}  , {μ} to maximize the log-likelihood objective function Oα  , β  , μ. Then the likelihood function of an NHPP is given by Let θ be given by the time-dependent parameter sets  , θ = θ1  , θ2  , · · ·   , θI . Since the parameters are estimated based on actual sensor data e.g. , laser range measurements  , the parameter likelihood function involves the definition of a sensor model. We compared the resulting ranking to the set of input rankings. We then found the parameter values that maximized the likelihood function above. As the experiment progresses from Fig. The evolution of the likelihood function Lθm with respect to the signal source location x s after n samples. denotes the observation vector up to t th frame. py t |x t  indicates the observation model which is a likelihood function in essence. The score function to be maximized involves two parts: i the log-likelihood term for the inliers  The problem is thus an optimization problem. If the function is SUM  , the likelihood of a multi-buffer replacement decreases rapidly with the number of pages. If the function is MIN  , for example  , the first overlay set found would be selected. This function fills the role of Hence the quantity In the next section  , a probabilistic membership function PMF on the workspace is developed which describes the likelihood of sensing the object at a given location. This function selects a particle at random  , with a likelihood of selection proporational to the particle's normalized weight. Then  , each particle state is repopulated by randomly selecting from {X p } temp using the function RandP article. Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is The exact derivation is similar to 15 and is omitted. As specified above  , when an unbiased model is constructed  , we estimate the value of μs for each session. Here  , the likelihood function that we Consider first the case when one feature is implemented at time ¼. Then the likelihood function  , i.e. , the joint probability distribution  , of observing such data is , the joint probability distribution  , of observing such data is Let Ë ´µ be the order statistics of the repair times. A ranking function for Global Representation is the same as query likelihood: This is one of the simplest and most widely used methods 1  , 4. We cannot derive a closed-form solution for the above optimization problem. The first derivative and second derivative of the log-likelihood function can be derived as Following the likelihood principle  , one determines P d  , P zjd  , and P wjz b y maximization of the logglikelihood function 77. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood An exemplary segmentation result obtained by applying this saturation feature to real data is shown in figure 3b. Larger values of the metric indicate better performance. However  , achieving this is computationally intractable. Model selection criteria usually assumes that the global optimal solution of the log-likelihood function can be obtained. We show log-likelihood as a function of the number of components. The difference between orderings is much smaller for GMG/AKM than for Scalable EM. Assume that the observed data is generated from our generative model. In order to estimate Θ  , we generally introduce the log-likelihood function defined as Such cases call for alternative methods for deriving statistically efficient estimators. However  , in many cases  , MLE is computationally expensive or even intractable if the likelihood function is complex. Consider that data D consists of a series of observations from all categories. The likelihood can be written as a function of We want to find the θs that maximize the likelihood function: Let θ r j i be the " relevance coefficient " of the document at rank rji. Given the training data  , we maximize the regularized log-likelihood function of the training data with respect to the model  , and then obtain the parameterˆλparameterˆ parameterˆλ. , N . The likelihood function formed by assuming independence over the observations: That is  , the coefficients that make our observed results most " likely " are selected. The first derivative and second derivative of the log-likelihood function can be derived as it can be computed by any gradient descent method. We now present the form of the likelihood function appearing in Eqs. To model the existence of outliers  , we employ the total probability theorem to obtain Here  , the likelihood function that we In Phase B  , we estimate the value of μs for each session based on the parameters Θ learned in Phase A. The likelihood function of collected data is So  , we confine our-selves to a very brief overview and refer the reader to 25  , 32 for more details. The parameter is determined using the following likelihood function: The center corresponds to the location where the word appears most frequently. This joint likelihood function is defined as: 3 is replaced by a joint class distribution for both the labeled samples and the unlabeled samples with high confidence scores. where both parameters µ and Σ can be estimated using the simple maximum-likelihood estimators for each frame. First we calculate the function: The log-likelihood function of Gumbel based on random sample x1  , x2  , . We explain the difficulty with Gumbel distribution only similar argument holds for Frechet. We compute this likelihood for all the clusters. The parameters of that function are the mean value and standard deviation that we have found in the learning stage. 6. The system using limited Ilum­ ber of samples would easily break down. Consider the enormous state space  , and a likelihood function with rather narrow peaks. Figure 7b graphs log-likelihood as a function of autocorrelation. Training set size was varied at the following levels {25  , 49  , 100  , 225  , 484  , 1024  , 5041}. Autocorrelation was varied to approximate the following levels {0.0  , 0.25  , 0.50  , 0.75  , 1.0}. We plot two different metrics – RMS deviation and log-likelihood of the maximum-marginal interpretation – as a function of iteration . Results from this experiment appear in Figure 5. In this section we address RQ3: How can we model the effect of explanations on likelihood ratings ? The density function h for the ratings can be written as: The likelihood function is a statistical concept. In the following subsections  , we will briefly describe a probability model to fit the observed data. It is defined as the theoretical probability of observing the data at hand  , given the underlying model. After the integration  , we can maximize the following log-likelihood function with the relative weight λ. If λ approaches to 1  , we rely heavily on the training data. Learning the combination weight w can be conducted by maximizing the log-likelihood function using the iterative reweighted least squares method. where w denotes the combination weight vector. For convenience  , we work with logarithms: The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. b With learning  , using the full trajectory likelihood function: large error in final position estimate. a ,e Without learning: robot expects object to move straight forward. is equal to the probability density function reflecting the likelihood that the reachability-distance of p w.r.t. Finally  , holds due to the product rule for differentiation. with match probability S as per equation 1  , the likelihood function becomes a binomial distribution with parameters n and S. If M m  , n is the random variable denoting m matches out of n hash bit comparisons  , then the likelihood function will be: Let us denote the similarity simx  , y as the random variable S. Since we are counting the number of matches m out of n hash comparison  , and the hash comparisons are i.i.d. In addition   , subpixel localization is performed in the discretized pose space by fitting a surface to the peak which occurs at the most likely robot position. Since the likelihood function measures the probability that each position in the pose space is the actual robot position  , the uncertainty in the localization is measured by the rate at which the likelihood function falls off from the peak. Using this probabilistic formulation of the localization problem  , we can estimate the uncertainty in the localization in terms of both the variance of the estimated positions and the probability that a qualitative failure has occurred. This model completely eliminates the problem of not rewarding term partitioning adequately  , that this paper has dealt with. In addition  , we can perform subpixel localization in the discretized pose space by fitting a surface to the peak that occurs at the most likely robot position. The uncertainty in the localization is estimated in terms of both the variance of the estimated positions and the probability that a qualitative failure has occurred. With {πi} N i=1 free to estimate  , we would indeed allocate higher weights on documents that predict the query well in our likelihood function; presumably  , these documents are also more likely to be relevant. Leaving {πi} N i=1 free is important  , because what we really want is not to maximize the likelihood of generating the query from every document in the collection  , instead  , we want to find a λ that can maximize the likelihood of the query given relevant documents. The torque-based function measured failure likelihood and force-domain effects; the acceleration-based function measured immediate failure dynamics; and the swing-angle-based function measured susceptibility to secondary damage after a failure. This article defined three cost functions which quantitatively reflected the susceptibility of a manipulator to a free-swinging joint failure. It is easy to note that when ς=0  , then the objective function is the temporally regularized log likelihood as in equation 5. where the parameter ς controls the balance between the likelihood using the multinomial theme model and the smoothness of theme distributions over the participant graph. 2  , this implies that one can compare the likelihood functions for each of the three examples shown in this figure. This is a powerful result because both the structure and internal density parameters can be optimized and compared using the same likelihood function. Considering Fig. Due to its penalty for free parameters  , AIC is optimized at a lower k than the loglikelihood ; though more complex models may yield higher likelihood  , AIC offers a better basis for model averaging 3. Our motivation for using AIC instead of the raw log-likelihood is evident from the different extrema that each function gives over the domain of candidate models. Moreover  , we may draw random samples around the expecta­ tion so as to effectively cover the peak areas of the real likelihood function. Generally  , we can assume that a likelihood func­ tion pXtIR;  , Zi  would reach maximum at the expec­ tation Exi IR;  , �; given an observation. The last two prefix-global features are similar to likelihood features 7 and 8  , but here they can modify the ranking function explicitly rather than merely via the likelihood term. In the learning-to-rank approach  , we additionally have the following prefix-global features cf. The pairs with the highest likelihood can then be expected to represent instances of succession. The succession measure defined on the domain of developer pairs can be thought of as a likelihood function reflecting the probability that the first developer has taken over some or all of the responsibilities of the second developer. We follow the typical generative model in Information Retrieval that estimates the likelihood of generating a document given a query  , pd|q. Blog post opinion retrieval aims at developing an effective retrieval function that ranks blog posts according to the likelihood that they are expressing an opinion about a particular topic. 'Alternative schemes  , such as picking the minimum distance among those locations I whose likelihood is above a certain threshold are not guaranteed to yield the same probabilistic bound in the likelihood of failure. TWO examples of P  d  as a function of d. See text. We use the Predict function in the rms R package 19 to plot changes in the estimated likelihood of defect-proneness while varying one explanatory variable under test and holding the other explanatory variables at their median values. We then examine the explanatory variables in relation to the predicted likelihood of module defect-proneness. The log-likelihood function splits with respect to any consumption of any user  , so there is ample room for parallelizing these procedures. Thus  , we employ a block coordinate descent method  , using a standard gradient descent procedure to maximize the likelihood with respect to w or s or T . It has been shown that the Maximum- Likelihood Estimator MLE is asymptotically efficient as it can achieve the Cramer-Rao lower bound with increasing sample sizes. As previously discussed  , the problem of the BM method 21 is that inaccuracies in the map lead to non-smooth values of the likelihood function  , with drastic variations for small displacements in the robot pose variable x t . It remains to be described how to evaluate the individual likelihood values. In summary  , query likelihood model incorporating answers is able to yield better summarization performance when the vocabulary size of the answer collection is moderate . The observation likelihood is computed once for each of the samples  , so tracking becomes much more computationally feasible. The observation likelihood can be estimated by summing the probability that each pixel in the target region does not belong to the model and by using the exponential function  , as in 27  , to obtain a probability estimate. Inference and learning in these models is typically intractable  , and one must resort to approximate methods for both. These models are then trained in a discriminative way  , usually with the goal of maximizing the likelihood of data under a parametrized likelihood function. During the E-step we compute the expectations for latent variable assignments using parameter values from the previous iteration and in the M-step  , given the expected assignments we maximize the expected log complete likelihood with respect to the model parameters. We expected the first prefix-global feature to receive a large negative weight  , guided by the intuition that humans would always go directly to the target as soon as this is possible. Analytically  , this probability is identical to the likelihood of the test set  , but instead of maximizing it with respect to the parameters  , the latter are held fixed at the values that maximize the likelihood on the training set. In the context of user behaviors  , the perplexity is a monotonically increasing function of the joint probability of the sessions in the test set. Figure 1shows the log-likelihood and AIC values for all possible dimensionalities on three standard test collections. Instead of assuming an unrealistic measurement uncertainty for each range as previous works do  , we have presented an accurate likelihood model for individual ranges  , which are fused by means of a Consensus Theoretic method. In this paper we have addressed the problem of deriving a likelihood function for highly accurate range scanners. is said the cumulative intensity function and is equivalent to the mean value function of an NHPP  , which means the expected cumulative number of software faults detected by time t. In the classical software reliability modeling  , the main research issue was to determine the intensity function λt; θ  , or equivalently the mean value function Λt; θ so as to fit the software-fault count data. Then the likelihood function of an NHPP is given by Then  , a grid search is used to determine C and α that maximize the likelihood function. We use the center of the most frequent grid as the word center and follow the center finding step as suggested by 9. Generally  , if f x is a multivariate normal density function with mean µ and variancecovariance matrix Σ. This probability is embedded in the complete data likelihood and since all distributions are normal  , P Un ,u|rest is also normal. where αi and α k are Lagrange multipliers of the constraints with respect to pnvj |z k   , we need to consider the original PLSA likelihood function and the user guidance term. 11  , its updating can be got as Since the maximum value is 3 the interval estimate has -yg-  , a high confidence level. As opposed to run A1  , the likelihood function for run B3 has only a single interval where it takes on its maximum value. Results. The output function for each state was estimated by using the training data to compute the maximum-likelihood estimate of its mean and covariance matrix. We made the simplifying assumption that the features were multivariate normal. The first term of the above equation is the likelihood function or the so-called observation model. Here  , we assume the camera trajectory is independent of the feature points. This learning goal is equivalent to maximizing the likelihood of the probabilistic KCCA model 3. With the kernels  , the related function that we need to optimize is given by , For each topic  , we extracted all document pairwise preferences from the top 20 documents retrieved by each system. Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. where N u denotes the friends of user u. Integrating all the factors together  , we obtain the following log-likelihood objective function: We adopt the influences learned in the previous stage as the input factors  , and learn the weighting parameters. In that work  , a deformable template method is used to optimize a likelihood function based on the proposed model. Another research work with different philosophy can be seen in Z where a curve road model was proposed. To obtain a usable likelihood function L  , it is required to collect a sufficient amount of real-world data to approximate the values of µ  , τ  , σ for each distribution D i . We compute the values as follows: However  , finding the central permutation σ that maximizes the likelihood is typically very difficult and in many cases is intractable 21. σ  , the partition function Zφ  , σ can be found exactly. where F is a given likelihood function parameterized by θ. The i-th customer θi sits at table k that already has n k customers with probability n k i−1+λ In some review data sets  , external signals about sentiment polarities are directly available. The E-step and M-step will be alternatively executed until the data likelihood function on the whole collection D converges. We then factorize this probability as follows: the likelihood with which it can occur in other positions in addition to its true position is now defined for all points in the r-closure set of that piece. The weight function of a chess piece i.e. We use the ranking function r to select only the top ten strings for further consideration. We then rank the substrings based on the likelihood of being the correct translation. The estimates from two methods are very close. where Lθ; z is the likelihood function  , θ is the parameter vector  , z is the transformed document length and y represents the unobserved data. The unknown parameter 0 α is a scalar constant term and ' β is a k×1 vector with elements corresponding to the explanatory variables. The likelihood function formed by assuming independence over the observations: When a document d and a query q are given  , the ranking function 1 is the posterior probability that the document multinomial language model generated query5. In this paper  , we rely on the query likelihood model. In this approach  , documents or tweets are scored by the likelihood the query was generated by the document's model. Our basic scoring function adopted Indri's 3 language modeling approach. use dynamic time warping with a cost function based on the log-likelihood of the sequence in question. A minor difference is the handling of time warping: Coates et al. The partial derivates of the scoring function  , with respect to λ and μ  , are computed as follows: Note that we rank according to the log query likelihood in order to simplify the mathematical derivations. Samples are represented by yellow points  , the vector field depicts the gradient of Lθm. The trial concludes when there is a clear global maximum of the likelihood function. We believe this is a novel result in the sense of minimalistic sensing 7 . Note that we have estimated the orientation quite accurately using only measurements of the object class label and a pre-defined heuristic spatial likelihood function. One of the common solutions is to use the posterior probability as opposed to the likelihood function. However  , estimating from one single document is unreliable due to small data samples. In the final step we normalize the previously computed model weight by applying a relative normalization as described in 26. This likelihood function assures a combined matching of model's structure and visual appearance. We select the best landmark for localization by minimizing the expected uncertainty in the robot localization. The likelihood can be written as a function of Purchase times in the observations are generated by using a set of hidden variables θ = {θ 1  , θ2..  , θM } θ m = {βm  , γm}. However  , some tracking artifacts can be seen in Figure 8due to resolution issues in the likelihood function. and 8  , reasonable tracking estimates can be generated from as few as six particles. To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. The greater the value of the ratio  , the stronger our hypothesis is said to be. Then the log-likelihood function of the parameters is We assume that the error ε has a multivariate normal distribution with mean 0 and variance matrix δ 2 I  , where I is an identity matrix of size T . Yet  , the values of the likelihood function provide a simple sort of confidence level for the interval estimates. As a result  , we don't give confidence intervals in this paper. These metafeatures may help the global ranker to distinguish between two documents that get very similar scores by the query likelihood scoring function  , but for very different reasons. , q |Q| have higher probabilities than given the document model for D1. where the optimization of ǫ and σ can be effectively solved via a gradient-based optimizer. Finally  , the distribution of θ is updated with respect to its posterior distribution. We compute the likelihood function P s|θ   , multiply it to the prior distribution pθ  , and derive the posterior distribution pθ|s. The second initialization method gives an adequate and fast initialization for many poses an animal can adopt. We compute the segment association function ζ 1 with help of the likelihood L s j | z i . To get a weighting function representing the likelihood Out of these  , the overall color intensity gradient image I I is set to be the maximum norm of the normalized gradients computed for each color channel see figure 4a. Therefore  , we can utilize convex optimization techniques to find approximate solutions. But  , it is not hard to verify that the log likelihood function Lθ is concave in α and β under the parameter constraints listed in Lemma 3.1. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. where pβ is the prior distribution as in Equation2. Figure 1b illustrates the likelihood function for the path. The dotted line in Figure 1a illustrates a hypothetical path of a contact measurement  , ˆ p  , through the space around the rectangle. We have described a method to select the sensing location for performing mobile robot localization through matching terrain maps. The proposed approach is evaluated on different publicly available outdoor and indoor datasets. An approach for generating and updating the binary vocabulary is presented which is coupled with a simplistic likelihood function to generate loop closure candidates. The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances. Denote these distances D F   , ..  , 0 2 for the robot position X . An exponential likelihood function pDT W ij |c j  is calculated using the DTW distance between every trajectory i and the model trajectory j of the motion. Figure 12shows an example. For the purposes of discussion  , we consider a standard additive model Zt = Zt + Et to capture this noise and define our likelihood function as the product of terms Such artifacts may be considered a form of topological noise. We then rank the documents in the L2 collection using the query likelihood ranking function 14. Given a query Q in the source language L1  , we automatically translate the query using a query translation system into the assisting language L2. reduction of error  , e.g. , the likelihood function  , with respect to the derivates of the errors in a control group  , as the model complexity is increased. However  , permutations are computationally heavy and not necessarily suitable for time critical systems. Ni is the log-likelihood for the corresponding discretization. For the same reason as MDLP  , we denote the goodness function of a given contingency table based on AIC and BIC as follows: The proposed model is fitted by optimizing the likelihood function in an iterative manner. In particular  , the proposed model not only considers the different levels of impact of different advertising channels but also takes time-decaying effect into account. When experimented with the synthetic data and real-world data  , the proposed method makes a good inference of the parameters  , in terms of relative error. The returned score is compared with the score of the original model λ evaluated on the input data of 'splitAttempt'. 1 The 'cvScore' function returns the corresponding estimated log-likelihood of the data. 4 i.e. , the formula without the normalization factor and the exponential function. The un-normalized likelihood difference is calculated by ΔθF = θF Y  − θF Y   , where F Y  is the exponent component of Eq. For GMG  , the plots show the loglikelihoods of models obtained after model size reduction performed using AKM. 2   , we expect that EM will not converge to a reasonable solution due to many local suboptimal maxima in the likelihood function. Use EM to infer group types and estimate the remaining parameters of the model. A standard way of deriving a confidence is to compute the second derivative of the log likelihood function at the MAP solution. It is thus important to know the confidence associated with these values. We consider fitting such a function to each user individually . Earlier work finds that the likelihood to re-consume an item that was consumed i steps ago falls off as a power law in i  , attenuated by an exponential cutoff. We integrate over all the parameters except μs to derive the likelihood function PrC1:m|μs. According to the method mentioned above  , as a new session is loaded for training  , there are three steps to execute: 1. 1 Several of the design metrics are ratios and many instances show zero denominators and therefore undefined values. In this way  , we insure that undefined instances will not affect the calculation of the likelihood function. Therefore  , in order to address the problem  , we replaced the undefined values with zeros and calculated the coefficients from this modified data set. The component π k acts as the prior of the clusters' distribution   , which adjusts the belief of relevance according to each cluster. Given that model  , the likelihood function for the training dataset with respect to one query is as follows. The orientation estimate is non-ambiguous in this case since we exploited inter-class confusion. This problem's inherent structure allows for efficiency in the maximization procedure. and from the numerical point of view  , it is often preferable to work with the log-likelihood function. With respect to E  , the log-likelihood function is a maximum when = due to the fact that is positive definite. Therefore  , the MLE was determined to be unsuitable for RCG parameter esti- mation. To make our problem simpler both from an analytical and a numerical standpoint  , we work with the natural logarithm of the likelihood function: Now  , we can try to solve the optimization problem formulated by Equation 7. The EM approach indeed produced significant error reductions on the training dataset after just a few iterations. In the rest of the paper  , we will omit writing the function Ψ for notational simplicity. This likelihood depends on the class associated to the feature and in general is different among the features. The sample-based representation directly facilitates the optimization of  I I  using gradient descent. A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. Every sensor can be modelled differently with varying level of model complexity. c Learning on unlocked table: robot correctly estimates a mass and friction that reproduce the observed trajectory. If there is a probabilistic model for the additional input and the scan matching function is a negative log likelihood  , then integration is straightforward. It can also be used directly as a prior for guiding scan matching. A state update method asynchronously combines depth and RGB measurement updates to maintain a temporally consistent hand state. An RGB likelihood function is applied to weigh the probability of samples belonging to the hand. The mean of this combined likelihood function will lie over the fingertips  , as desired: p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. Under this alternate objective  , we try to maximize the function: This objective therefore controls for the overall likelihood of a bad event rather than controlling for individual bad events. We omit the details of the derivation dealing with these difficulties and just state the parameters of the resulting vMF likelihood function: are not allowed to take any possible angle in Ê n−1 . 2 The loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model 18   , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. We describe different ways to represent the diversity score. We evaluated the ranking using both the S-precision and WSprecision measures. The same query-likelihood relevance value function is also used to produce a ranking of all the relevant documents  , which we use as our baseline. The probability of a repeat click as a function of elapsed time between identical queries can be seen in Figure 5. We looked at how the elapsed time between equal-query queries affected the likelihood of observing a repeat click. In general  , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~  , Which importance one gives to predicting terms relative to predicting links may depend on the specific application . The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. Denote these distances Of  , ..  , 0 ," for the robot position X . The belief update then proceeds as follows: This formulation of the observation function models the fact that a robot can detect a target with the highest likelihood when it is close to the target. Perplexity is a monotonically decreasing function of log-likelihood  , implying that lower perplexity is better since the model can explain the data better. In the case of UCI dataset  , m i is the same for all instances in each dataset. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. It allows us to estimate the models easily because model parameter inference can be done without evaluating the likelihood function. They noted that optimization of the conditional likelihood function is computationally infeasible due to the complexity of structure search. They showed that the resulting model is more accurate than its generative counterpart. They can be modelled by a probability density function indicating the likelihood that an object is located at a certain position cf. Fuzzy object representations  , also denoted simply as fuzzy objects   , occur in many different application ranges. This effect can also be seen as a function of rank  , where friendships are assumed to be independent of their explicit distance. First  , we examine the relationship between proximity and friendship  , observing that  , as expected  , the likelihood of friendship drops monotonically as a function of distance. Note that a function T with the threshold property does not necessarily provide an ordering of pages based on their likelihood of being good. Otherwise  , we cannot tell anything about p. Such a function T would at least be capable of telling us that some subset of pages with a trust score above δ is good. In HSI  , for each singer characteristic model  , a logistic function is used as a combination function C s to derive an overall likelihood score. The main reason for using LR to estimate parameters is that few statistical assumptions are required for its use and 0  , 0  , ..  , 0 and q 0 = 0.5  , 0.5  , ..  , 0.5 ; Treating V r as required nodes  , V s as steiner nodes  , and the log-likelihood function as the weight function  , WPCT sp approximately computes an undirected minimum steiner tree T . It then constructs node sets V r = {v|v  , t ∈ X}  , and V s = V \ V r . When ς=1  , then the objective function yields themes which are smoothed over the participant co-occurrence graph. It is easy to note that when ς=0  , then the objective function is the temporally regularized log likelihood as in equation 5. In the above optimization problem we have added a function Rθ which is the regularization term and a constant α which can be varied and allows us to control how much regularization to apply. To choose the optimal value of α we simply choose the value which maximizes an objective function  , in this case the log likelihood of the heldout data. To achieve better optimization results  , we add an L2 penalty term to the location and time deviations in our objective function in addition to the log likelihood. The goal of this M step is to find the latent variables in Θ that maximize this objective function. A new parameter estimate is then computed by minimizing the objective function given the current values of T s = is the negative log likelihood function to be minimized. First  , the missing label t i is replaced by its expected value under the current parameter estimate  , θ s . The second scoring function computes a centrality measure based on the geometric mean of term generation probabilities  , weighted by their likelihood in the entry language model no centrality computation φCONST E  , F  = 1.0 and the centrality component of our model using this scoring function only serves to normalize for feed size. This worked well when the demonstrations were all very similar  , but we found that our weighted squared-error cost function with rate-change penalty yielded better alignments in our setting  , in which the demonstrations were far less similar in size and time scale. In general  , a likelihood function is a function which is used to measure the goodness of fit of a statistical model to actual data. Our description offLik is heavily influenced by a similar statistical test based on the loglikelihood ratio described by Dunning  5  . Note that the parameters θz|d  , γz|u and φw|z are probability values and thus we have the constraints of Equations Ideally  , this function will be monotonic with discrepancy in the joint angle space. The likelihood function pzt | g −1 i yit  can be any reasonable choice for comparing the hypothesized observations from a latent space particle and the sensor observations. The sensor model for stationary objects can then be expressed as the dual function of the sensor model for moving objects  , which can be written as On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. Segmentations to piecewise constant functions were done with the greedy top-down method  , and the error function was the sum of squared errors which is proportional to log-likelihood function with normal noise. The following parameters were used in estimating the number of segments. A cutoff value p 5 0.05 was used to decide whether to continue segmentation. To produce the bounds for our quadratic programming formulation of APA  , we return to the fact from Section 3.3 that the likelihood function for an estimate for cell i is based on the normal probability density function g. As is stated in nearly every introductory statistics textbook  , 99.7% of the total mass of the normal probability density function is found within three standard deviations of the origin . We can use this fact to develop reasonable bounds for our estimate of . While bearing a resemblance to multi-modal metric learning which aims at learning the similarity or the distance measure from multi-modal data  , the multi-modal ranking function is generally optimized by an evaluation criterion or a loss function defined over the permutation space induced by the scoring function over the target documents. The aforementioned approaches  , either optimizing the similarity distance between pairs of samples or optimizing the likelihood of the topic models  , do not optimize for the final ranking performance directly. Although the above update rule does not follow the gradient of the log-likelihood of data exactly  , it approximately follows the gradient of another objective function 2. It is shown that in 11  , under this greedy training strategy  , we always get a better model ph for hidden representations of the original input data if the number of features in the added layer does not decrease  , and the following varational lower bound of the log-likelihood of the observed input data never decreases. On each axis  , the likelihood probability gets projected as a continuous numeric function with maximum possible score of 1.0 for a value that is always preferred  , and a score of 0.0 for a value that is absent from the table. For a value of a property  , the likelihood probability is calculated as P 'value | pref erred based on the frequency count table of that column. The geometric mean has a nice interpretation as the reciprocal of the average likelihood of the dataset being generated by the model  , assuming that the individual samples are i.i.d. , A higher likelihood of generating the dataset from the model implies a lower amount of privacy. We can now define the privacy  , È´µÈ´µ of a dataset with respect to the model as some function of the privacy of the individual data objects. As mentioned earlier  , a 3D-NDT model can be viewed as a probability density function  , signifying the likelihood of observing a point in space  , belonging to an object surface as in 4 Instead of maximizing the likelihood of a discrete set of points M as in the previous subsection   , the registration problem is interpreted as minimizing the distance between two 3D-NDT models M N DT F and M N DT M. With this parameterization of λt  , maximum-likelihood estimates of model parameters can be numerically calculated efficiently no closed form exists due to the integral term in Equation 6. As the activity function at from the previous section can be interpreted as a relative activity rate of the ego  , an appropriate modeling choice is λ 0 t ∝ at  , learning the proportionality factor via maximum-likelihood. The coefficients C.'s will be estimated through the maximi- ' zation of a likelihood function  , built in the usual fashion  , i.e. , as the product of the probabilities of the single observations   , which are functions of the covariates whose values are known in the observations and the coefficients which are the unknowns. 2 when a variable entirely differentiates error-prone software parts  , then the curve approximates a step function. This function is used in the classification step and represents the probability of a motion trajectory being at a certain DTW distance from the model trajectory  , given that it belongs to this class of motions c j . For mathematical convenience  , l=lnL  , the loglikelihood  , is usually the function to be maximized. The coefficients co and cl are estimated through the maximization of a likelihood function L  , built in the usual fashion   , i.e. , as the product of the probabilities of the single observations  , which are functions of the covariates whose values are known in the observations and the coefficients which are the unknowns. When X entirely differentiates fault-prone software parts  , then the curve approximates a step function. Combining these two values using a weighted sum function  , a final function value is calculated for every image block  , and the image block is categorized into one of the three classes: picture  , text  , and background. Besides  , the likelihood of the wavelet coefficients being composed of highly concentrated values is calculated because the histogram of wavelet coefficients in a text block tends to have several concentrated values while that of a photograph does not. Since the resulting NHPP-based SRM involves many free parameters   , it is well known that the commonly used optimization technique such as the Newton method does not sometimes work well. However  , it is not true because the likelihood function is represented as the product of the probabilities that the debugging history in respective incremental system testing can be realized. From the likelihood function corresponding to a particular observed inspection result one can compute estimates for the number of defects contained in the document in a standard way. The interval estimate is the range of numbers which most likely contains the true number N of defects in the document. As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. It is instructive to formulate an expression for the upper bound on search repository quality. The child in the central position controlled the 'next page' function in each case observed  , without input from the other users  , except in cases where the mouse-controlling child was too slow in clicking over to the next page. In addition  , the seating likelihood of better classroom performers in central positions discussed later made the pace variation an important issue for mouse control. Due to space constraints  , the examples in this paper focus around the reliability requirement  , defined as the likelihood of loss of aircraft function or critical failure is required to be less than 10 -9 per flight hour 10 . Reliability  , availability  , and fault tolerance were identified as primary concerns for the flight control systems of both the Airbus and Boeing. The recent rapid expansion of access to information has significantly increased the demands on retrieval or classification of sentiment information from a large amount of textual data. Therefore   , ranking according to the likelihood of containing sentiment information is expected to serve a crucial function in helping users. This global objective function is hard to evaluate. Using Equation 2 we define the information content of our final set of N chosen constraint as the increase in likelihood due to the new expected values after all the N constraints have been applied to the data. Table 3shows these results. CombMNZ requires for each r a corresponding scoring function sr : D → R and a cutoff rank c which all contribute to the CombMNZ score:  We also computed the difference between RRF and individual MAP scores  , 95% confidence intervals  , and p-value likelihood under the null hypothesis that the difference is 0. where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }  , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. In survival models  , the response time ∆ i is modeled with a survival function Table 1describes how the scoring function is computed by each method. We compare four methods for identifying entity aspects: TF. IDF  , the log-likelihood ratio LLR 2  , parsimonious language models PLM 3 and an opinion-oriented method OO 5 that extracts targets of opinions to generate a topic-specific sentiment lexicon; we use the targets selected during the second step of this method. Mukhopadyay et al. 24 proposed a qualitative model of search engine choice that is a function of the search engine brand  , the loyalty of a user to a particular search engine at a given time  , user exposure to banner advertisements  , and the likelihood of a within-session switch from the engine to another engine. Analogous to 4  , our key observation is that even if the domains are different between the training and test datasets  , they are related and still share similar topics from the terms. This model also shows the potential ability to correct the order of a question list by promoting diversified results on the camera dataset. Another widely used ranking function  , referred to as Occ L   , is defined by ranking terms according to their number of occurrences  , and breaking the ties by the likelihood. This confirms Daille's assertion that loglikelihood is the best measure for the detection of terms 4. We define our ranking in Section 4.1 and describe its offline and online computation components in Sections 4.2 and 4.3  , respectively. For this  , we designed a scoring function to quantify the likelihood that a specific user would rate a specific attraction highly and then ranked the candidates accordingly. A number of studies have investigated sentiment classification at document level  , e.g. , 7  , 2  , and at sentence level  , e.g. , 4  , 5  , 6 ; however   , the accuracy is still less than desirable. In a uniform environment  , one might set $q = VolumeQ-l  , whereas a non-uniform 4 would be appropriate to monitor targets that navigate over preidentified areas with high likelihood. The measure 4 plays the role of an " information density " or of a probability density function. The code generator or translator produces a sequence of function calls in Adept's robot programming language  , V+  , that implement the given plan in our workcell. This use of skeletal procedures has been used in LAMA lo and AUTOPASS 8 unlike those systems  , we do not simulate the proposed operations to assess their likelihood of success. The importance factor is a weighting for particles that indicates the likelihood of the particle state being the true vehicle state. By referring to the feature map  , each particle can determine the relative orientation of features observable in its field of view as a function of bearing The second is a hand likelihood function over the whole RGB image that is computed quickly  , but with higher false positives. The first is a hand detector using depth images  , that provides a single value hand estimate with high precision but lower speed. Specifically  , we assume that there exists a probability density function p : Π → 0  , 1   , that models the likelihood of each possible trajectory in Π being selected by each evader. The motion model reflects a behavior that the evaders are likely to exhibit throughout the run. We iterate over the following two steps: 1 The E-Step: define an auxiliary function Q that calculates the expected log likelihood of the complete data given the last estimate of our model  , ˆ θ: In the next section we will provide an example of how the approach can be implemented. where Z = Z α Z β is a normalization factor; |V | is the set of users to whom we try to recommend friends and |C| is the candidate list for each user; θ = {α}  , {β} indicates a parameter configuration. More specifically  , our approach assigns to each distance value t  , a density probability value which reflects the likelihood that the exact object reachability distance is equal to t cf. In our approach  , we assign to each object in the seedlist not a single reachability value but a fuzzy object reachability function. Note that the comparison is fair for all practical purposes  , since the LD- CNB models use only one additional parameter compared to CNB. One of the early influential work on diversification is that of Maximal Marginal Relevance MMR presented by Carbonell and Goldstein in 5. The work on diversification of search results has looked into similar objectives as ours where the likelihood of the user finding at least one result relevant in the result set forms the basis of the objective function. Here mission similarity refers to the likelihood that two queries appear in the same mission   , while missions are sequences of queries extracted from users' query logs through a mission detector. It extracted topics based on a pre-defined topic similarity function  , which considered both semantic similarity and mission similarity. Second  , we use this distribution to derive the maximum-likelihood location of individuals with unknown location and show that this model outperforms data provided by geolocation services based on a person's IP address. We show how the function s may be estimated in a manner similar to the one used for w above  , and we empirically compare the performance of the recency-based model versus the quality-based model. Next  , we consider a quality-based model  , where the likelihood of consuming item e is proportional to a per-item quality score se. P is a function that describes the likelihood of a user transitioning to state s after being in state s and being allocated task a. R describes the reward associated with a user in state s and being allocated task a. The action space A is comprised of all tasks that the system can allocate to the user. This equation is not jointly convex in w  , s  , and T   , but it is convex in each function with the other two fixed. We treat this as a ranking problem and find the top-k followers who are most likely to retweet a given post. Given a tweet t from user u and her followers F ollowersu  , our goal is to learn a function F that estimates the likelihood of follower fi fi ∈ F olloweru retweeting t in future. We would expect that in the first case  , the learned model would look very similar to baseline query likelihood efficient but not effective. On the other hand  , if the focus is to learn the most effective ranking function possible disregarding efficiency   , then we can use a constant efficiency value. The structure of such a tree should ideally be determined with reference to some cost function which takes into account such parameters as the likelihood of a given error occurring  , the time taken to test for its presence and the time and financial cost in recovery. or "what is the most likely cause of the error ?" Unfortunately   , this weight update will often cause all but a few particles' weights to tend to zero after repeated updating  , even with the most carefully-chosen proposal distribution 7. which only requires knowledge and evaluation of the measurement likelihood function p zk |χ i k to update the particles' weights with new sensor measurements. Using the observation model and the likelihood function discussed in section II  , we formulate  , when N O = 1: To compute this number  , we first must be able to computê N H e r k |h i   , as the expected number of remaining hypotheses if the robot moves to e r k given that h i is the true position hypothesis. The derivation of the gradient and the Hessian of the log-likelihood function are described below specifically for the SO3 manifold. While the former is easier to derive and implement  , the Newton method yields very fast convergence near the minimum. Assuming that the training labels on instance j make its state path unambiguous   , let s j denote that path  , then the first-derivative of the log-likelihood is L-BFGS can simply be treated as a black-box optimization procedure  , requiring only that one provide the firstderivative of the function to be optimized. In addition   , it also demotes the general question which was ranked at the 8th position  , because it is not representative of questions asking product aspects. The re-ranking function is able to promote one question related to RAW files  , which is not included in the candidate question set retrieved by query likelihood model. A fast computation of the likelihood  , based on the edge distance function  , was used for the similarity measurement between the CAD data and the obtained microscopic image. In this paper  , we proposed a robust  , efficient visual forceps tracking method under a microscope using the projective contour models of the 3-D CAD model of the robotic forceps. Thus  , whenever N i is located in the occupied region of a reading  , the likelihood of the reading is approximately the maximum. That is  , the single quadratic function of 16 is considered to be minimized when |z i − dN i | ≤ β. We modify it for the purpose of automatic relevance detection  , which can be interpreted as embedded feature selection performed automatically when optimizing over the parameters of the kernel to maximize the likelihood: After empirically evaluating a number of kernel functions used in common practice  , in our implementation  , we exploit the rational quadratic function. This is done via a large number of line search optimizations in the hyperparameter space using the GPML package's minimi ze function from hundreds of random seed points  , including the best hyperparameter value found in a previous fit. As recommended by 6  , we find hyperparameters that maximize the log likelihood of the data. The likelihood function is determined relying on the ray casting operation which is closely related to the physics of the sensor but suffers from lack of smoothness and high computational expense. Beam models calculate the likelihoods by simulating the way rays of light travel through the environment. We can thus write p f j x i t−Np:t = γ x i t−Np:t   , which leads to: The instance gets projected as a point in this multi-dimensional space. The probability that a target exists is modeled as a decay function based upon when the target was most recently seen  , and by whom. Combining these two probabilities helps reduce the overlap of robot sensory areas toward the goal of minimizing the likelihood of a target escaping detection. Representation is necessary since the company running the web site wishes to pick a subset of ads such that a certain objective function e.g. , likelihood of clickthroughs  is maximized  , while not exceeding the global constraint of K ads. Dominance can be useful in specifying whether  , within a category based on user's profile  , the expensive items or the inexpensive items should dominate. Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. If v r o are viewed as empirical distributions induced by a given sample i.e. , defined by frequencies of events in the sample then uncertain measures are simply summaries of several individual observations for each fact. Although our experimental setting is a binary classification  , the desired capability from learning the function f b  , k by a GBtree is to compute the likelihood of funding  , which allows us to rank the most appropriate backer for a particular project. Despite this fact  , we can achieve a high precision value of 0.82. The important point to notice is that the predictive variance captures the inherent uncertainty in the function  , with tight error bars in regions of observed data  , and with growing error bars away from observed data. The hyperparameters of the kernel have been set by optimizing the marginal likelihood as described above. The log-likelihood contains a log function over summations of terms with λt defined by Equation 5  , which can make parameter inference intractable. where it is assumed that the observed dataset is over the time interval 0  , T  Daley and Vere-Jones 2003.  Model selection criteria usually assumes that the global optimal solution of the log-likelihood function can be obtained. There are many other promising local optimal solutions in the close vicinity of the solutions obtained from the methods that provide good initial guesses of the solution. However  , to calculate the likelihood function  , we have to marginalize over the latent variables which is difficult in our model for both real variables η  , τ   , as it leads to integrals that are analytically intractable  , and discrete variables z1···m  , it involves computationally expensive sum over exponential i.e. The variational parameters learned in this step 10 is just same as that in the case with the individual increments in isolation. The reason is that we map different overall detection ratios to the same efficiency class  , respectively  , different sets of individual detection ratios to the same span by using the range subdivisions . The example shows that different values of n often result in the same value of the likelihood function. Thus  , the interval estimate ep is given a high confidence level for the running example. For the running example  , the maximum value of 20.0 % of the likelihood function is three times as high as its lowest non-zero value of 6.7 %. where Fjy  , x is a feature function which extracts a realvalued feature from the label sequence y and the observation sequence x  , and Zx is a normalization factor for each different observation sequence x. Once we have py|x  , λ  , the log-likelihood for the whole train set S is given by This combination of attributes is generally designed to be unique with a high likelihood and  , as such  , can function as a device identifier. A device fingerprint is a set of system attributes that are usually combined in the form of a string. The goal of task allocation is to learn a policy for allocating tasks to users that maximizes expected reward. Similarly  , our investigation of the CHROME browser identified security  , portability  , reliability  , and availability as specific concerns. Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. In a case where we want half of the participants to be male and half female  , we can adjust weights of the objective optimization function to increase the likelihood that future trial candidates will match the currently underrepresented gender. Therefore  , the estimate of the mean is simply the sample mean  ,  The effectiveness of the MLE is observed by generating a set of samples from a known RCG distribution  , then computing the MLE estimates of the parameters. Similar to the approach shown in Fig- ure 4a  , these weight values are derived from a function of the current position and the distance to the destination position . Telang et al. First  , they consider w d which consists of the lexical terms in document d. Second  , they posit t d which is the timestamp for d. With these definitions in place  , we may decompose the likelihood function: They approach the problem by considering two types of features for a given document. We address this problem with a dynamic annealing approach that adjusts measurement model entropy as a function of the normalized likelihood of the most recent measurements . While this is irrelevant to the problem of locating a static object  , it is important when the object is moving in an unknown way in the robot hand. These promising results suggest that integrating our approach into probabilistic SLAM methods would improve the building of maps for dynamic  , cluttered environments  , a challenging issue that requires further research. The likelihood function for this sensor is modeled like the lane sensor by enumerating two modes of detection: µ s1 and µ s2 . The final sensor providing relative measurements is the stopline sensor  , which measures the distance to any stopline visible within its camera's field of view. In such a situation  , increasing the arc length of the path over the surface increases the coverage of the surface  , thus leading to a greater likelihood of uniform deposition. The physical motivation for this inclusion is as follows: a deposition rate function has a spread that is typically small compared to the actual area that is to be covered . The amount of data collected is a function of the scan density  , often expressed as points per row and column  , and area viewed. Often  , scanning more of the scene will increase the likelihood that the scan can be found in the terrain map. A key feature of both models  , the motion model and the perceptual model  , is the fact that they are differentiable. Thus the likelihood function of appearance model 1 Appearance Model: Similar to 4  , 10   , the appearance model consists of three components S  , W  , F   , where S component captures temporally stable images  , W component characterizes the two-frame variations  , F component is a fixed template of the target to prevent the model from drifting over time. Simply because the likelihood of generating the training data is maximized does not mean the evaluation metric under consideration  , such as mean average precision  , is also maximized. Even though these techniques are formally motivated  , they often do not maximize the correct objective function. The data contained in a single power spectrum for example figure  1 is generally modeled by a K dimensional joint probability density function pdf  , Signal detection is typically formulated as a likelihood of signal presence versus absence  , which is then compared to a threshold value. Therefore  , to evaluate the performance of ranking  , we use the standard information retrieval measures. the initiating events from Fig- ure 2 . The learned parameter can be then used to estimate the relevance probability P s|q k  for any particular aspect of a new user query. Due to the larger number of false positives in the RGB likelihood function  , the covariance of the posterior PDF after an RGB update  , As well as computational advantages  , it allows the covariance of the posterior PDF to be solely controlled by the more reliable depth detector. As A ij in the above equation is an unobservable variable  , we can derive the following expected log likelihood function L 0   : The probability for generating a particular The probability for generating the set of all the attributes  ,   , in a Web page is as follows: where A ij means the i-th useful text fragment belongs to the j-th attribute class. If a trajectory of a person is observed from tracking people function  , we search the nearest 5 clusters to the trajectory and merge likelihood of each exception map to anticipate the person. A predicted position of a person is the expectation value of the position. where F is a function designed to penalize model complexity   , and q represents the number of features currently included in the model at a given point. Our Three Part Coding TPC approach uses a Minimum Description Length MDL 7 based coding scheme  , which we explain in the next section  , to specify another penalized likelihood method. Formally  , AICC = −2 lnL+2k n n−k+1   , where the hypothesis likelihood function   , L  , with k adjusted parameters shall be estimated from data assuming a prior distribution. Since this is a prediction task  , one may drop optimality for the sake of prediction performance   , adopting AICC instead. As the software development progresses  , we make the lookahead prediction of the number of software faults in the subsequent incremental system testing phase  , based on the NHPP-based SRMs. Based on the estimates of model parameters and the software metrics data  , the predictive likelihood function at the τ + 1-st increment is given by Therefore  , the interval estimates are all discarded. Since the value of the likelihood function is small compared to the values in the generic domain   , there is only low confidence in the interval estimates computed for the runs in the NASA domain. The results will also show which one of the three point estimates derived from the interval estimate in subsection 2.8 should be used and what relative error to expect. The results will show which values of the likelihood function correspond to valid interval estimates and which do not. Attributes that range over a broader set of values e.g. , the list of fonts and plugins are more identifying than values shared by many devices e.g. , version of the operating system. One is the time-dependent content similarity measure between queries using the cosine kernel function; another is the likelihood for two queries to be grouped in a same cluster from the click-through data given the timestamp. From the definition of time-dependent marginalized kernel   , we can observe that the semantic similarity between two queries given the timestamp t is determined by two factors . This procedure assumes that all observations are statistically independent. Also  , the likelihood of choosing a test case may differ across the test pool  , hence we would also need a probability distribution function to accompany the test pool. For simplicity  , we assume that the accessible test cases do not vary significantly between the testing strategies based on the all-DUs and all-edges criteria. The system uses a threshold policy to present the top 10 users corresponding to contexts similar above θ = 0.65  , a value determined empirically to best balance the tradeoff between relevance  , and the likelihood of seeing someone else as we go on to describe in following sections. Essentially  , the cosine is a weighted function of the features the vectors have in common. Our approach is based on Theorem 1  , below  , which establishes that the log-likelihood as a function of C and α is unimodal; we therefore develop techniques based on optimization of unimodal multivariate functions to find the optimal parameters. Once we have selected a center  , we now have to optimize the other two parameters. From this point the top N candidates are passed to COGEX to re-rank the candidates based on how well the question is entailed by the given candidate answer. The log of the score of the answer likelihood was then added as a feature to the existing estimated relevance function embedded in PowerAnswer answer procesing Moldovan  , D. et al. , 2004. More generally  , let I be the number of samples collected and the probability that an individual j is captured in sample i be pij. nI be the sizes of samples drawn  , marked and returned to the population and the total number of distinct captured individuals be r. The likelihood function of N and p = p1  , ..pI  from data D is given by The retrieval function is: This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . In our implementation  , the product in Equation 5 is only performed over the query terms  , thereby providing a topicconditioned centrality measure biased towards the query. This scoring function is similar to the un-normalized entry generation likelihood from the feed language model.  Base on latent factor models  , the likelihood of the pairwise similarities are elegantly modeled as a function of the Hamming distance between the corresponding data points. Experimental results on two real datasets with semantic labels show that LFH can achieve much higher accuracy than other state-of-the-art methods with efficiency in training time. The general idea used in the paper is to create regularization for the graph with the assumption that the likelihood of two nodes to be in the same class can be estimated using annotations of the edge linking the two nodes. In this paper  , we propose a novel objective function in the graph regularization framework to exploit the annotations on the edges. Now  , since we actually perform our computations in the domain of the natural logarithm of the likelihood function  , we must fit these values with a polynomial of By applying the data transform technique  , we can also obtain higher likelihood distribution function and achieve more accurate estimates of distribution parameters. We apply the data transformation techniques to visualize the difference between the relevant and non-relevant document length on each test collection used. The results of fitting the heteroscedastic model in the data can be viewed below  , > summarylme2 Apart from the random and fixed effects section  , there is a Variance function section. The very small p-value of the likelihood ratio statistic confirms that the heteroscedastic model explains the data significantly better than the homoscedastic model. Therefore  , when the likelihood of a region x in a test image is computed  , concepts whose pdf's were estimated from " similar looking " vectors rt will have high a posteriori probability 6. image regions rt from all images labeled with c contribute to the estimate of the probability density function pdf f x|c. Similar to existing work 18   , the document-topic relevance function P d|t for topic level diversification is implemented as the query-likelihood score for d with respect to t each topic t is treated as a query. The query set for this experiment only contains 144 queries out of 147. There are nonredundant questions in top-5 positions of the re-ranked list. As fundamental function of GPS receivers  , not only its position measurement data hut also measurement indexes such as DOP Dilution Of Precision  , the number of satellites etc are available from the receiver. The likelihood 1 Izy or 1s see Section IV-B and IV-C is calculated with The projective contour points of the 3-D CAD forceps in relation to the pose and gripper states were stored in a database. In our case this is computationally intractable; the partition function Zz sums over the very large space of all hidden variables. Learning the values of the weights is achieved through maximisation of the conditional likelihood Equation 2 given labelled training data. Hence the quantity In the next section  , a probabilistic membership function PMF on the workspace is developed which describes the likelihood of sensing the object at a given location. The optimal value of a is sought to maximally constrain the object model. Although this method is harder to compute and requires more memory  , the convergence rate is greater near the optimal value than that of the gradient method. 2 Newton Method: The Newton method uses the second order properties of the log-likelihood function to compute descent direction. This section presents a different perspective on the point set registration problem. As mentioned earlier  , a 3D-NDT model can be viewed as a probability density function  , signifying the likelihood of observing a point in space  , belonging to an object surface as in 4 We assume that  , when no measurement information is available  , the feature can be anywhere in the 3D space with equal probability i.e. , an " uninformative " prior. A large number of particles are needed to maintain a fair representation of the aposteriori distribution  , and this number grows exponentially with the size of the model's configuration space 5. Using the expectations as well as uncertainties from our fingerprint model inside the new likelihood function  , we evaluate the influence of the new observation model in comparison to our previous results 1. Which is reasonable  , since the ghost-detections introduce a unique characteristic to the associated poses  , and thus seem to make up for the uncertainty by supplying additional information. A critical assumption is that evaders' motions are independent of the motions of the pursuer. After some algebra  , we find that the negative logarithm of posterior distribution corresponds to the following expression up to a constant term: Therefore  , in this paper we developed the following alternative method for estimating parameters µ and Σ for model 1 by following the ideas from 12 and taking into account our likelihood function 1. The solutions found by these two methods differ  , however  , in terms of RMS error versus the true trace  , both produce equally accurate traces. 16 for an excellent survey of this field. Thus  , there are can be no interior maxima  , and the likelihood function is thus maximized at some xv  , where the derivative is undefined. When we take the second derivative and collect terms  , we end up with P u ,v∈E cx − xv + b −2   , which is always positive. Note that while reputation is a function of past activities of an identity  , trustworthiness is a prediction for the future. Trustworthiness of an identity: The likelihood that the identity will respect the terms of service ToS of its domain in the future  , denoted by T rustID. for some nonnegative function T . As these factors are optimized jointly  , one may view the time factor as being the change in likelihood of copying a particular item from i steps back  , depending on how long ago in absolute time that past consumption occurred. To compute the signal parameter vector w  , we need a likelihood function integrating signals and w. As discussed in §2  , installed apps may reflect users' interests or preferences. Let A c be the set of installed apps on the device of composition However  , even if two different users both install the same app  , their interests or preferences related to that app may still be at different levels. are used in the subsequent M-step to maximize the likelihood function over the true parameters λ and µ. It can be shown 15  that the constraint maximization problem in step 6 is a concave program and therefore  , can be solved optimally and efficiently 4. We use predictions from C map to compute the MappingScore  , the likelihood that terminals in P are correct interpretation of corresponding words in S. C map . Predict function of the classifier predicts the probability of each word-toterminal mapping being correct. Based on the estimates of model parameters and the software metrics data  , the predictive likelihood function at the τ + 1-st increment is given by Hence  , we utilize the subjective estimate of Metric 2 predicted by the project manager  , ˆ yτ+1 ,j. Therefore  , one often gets a whole interval of numbers n where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value; in some cases  , one even gets a union of non-adjacent intervals . Figure 1  , the top location has a confidence of 1.0: In the past  , each time some programmer extended the fKeys array   , she also extended the function that sets the preference default values. First come the locations with the highest confidence—that is  , the likelihood that further changes be applied to the given location. For this objective  , Eguchi and Lavrenko 3 proposed sentiment retrieval models  , aiming at finding information with a specific sentiment polarity on a certain topic  , where the topic dependence of the sentiment was considered. Based on the information collected for each of the possible location IDs  , the task requires us to construct a ranked list of attractions. We estimated 2s + 1 means  , but assumed that all of the output functions shared a common covariance matrix. Specifically  , we represent a value for an uncertain measure as a probability distribution function pdf over values from an associated " base " domain. Intuitively  , an uncertain value encodes a range of possible values together with our belief in the likelihood of each possible value. Consider personalization of web pages based on user profiles. , 9  , 2  , and at sentence level  , e.g. , 4  , 5  , 8 ; however   , the accuracy is still less than desirable. The original language modeling approach as proposed in 9 involves a two-step scoring procedure: 1 Estimate a document language model for each document; 2 Compute the query likelihood using the estimated document language model directly. In the risk minimization framework presented in 4  , documents are ranked based on the following risk function: where is the likelihood function  , a mapping learned by the decoder   , which scores each derivation using the TM and LM. In this case  , the score of document D would be a weighted average of scores with respect to each candidate translation: The BNIRL likelihood function can be approximated using action comparison to an existing closed-loop controller  , avoiding the need to discretize the state space and allowing for learning in continuous demonstration domains. BNIRL limits the size of the candidate reward space to a finite set  , allowing for parallelized pre­ computation of approximate action value functions. Rather than considering only rectangular objects  , we propose approximating the likelihood function by integrating over an appropriate half plane. However  , it is not possible to use this method to evaluate the integral over the space outside of the object unless the object itself is rectangular. Large measurement likelihoods indicate that the particle set is distributed in a likely region of space and it is possible to decrease measurement model entropy. 1 We learn the mapping Θ by maximizing the likelihood of the observed times τi→j. We formalize this as τi→j ∼ f x; θ = Θai  , where Θ denotes a mapping from the space of actions A to the space of parameters of the probability density function f x; θ. This factor is determined by observations made by exteroceptive sensors in this case the camera  , and is a function of the similarity between expected measurements and observed measurements. As already mentioned  , EM converges to a local maximum of the observed data log-likelihood function L. However  , the non-injectivity of the interaural functions μ f and ξ f leads to a very large number of these maxima  , especially when the set of learned positions X   , i.e. , section 3.1  , is large. Interested readers can find a detailed solution in 7. Silhouette hypotheses were rendered from a cylindrical 3D body model to an binary image buffer using OpenGL. We utilize a basic likelihood function  , pzt | g −1 i yit  , that returns the similarity RA  , B of a particle's  sized silhouette with the observed silhouette image. In addition  , the beam-based sensor models excluding the seeing through problem described in Sec. To maintain a consistent representation of the underlying prior pxdZO:t-l' weight adjustment has to be carried out. The transition probability is defined as a function of the Euclidean distance between each pair of points. In this approach a probability matrix that defines the likelihood of jumping from one point to another is used to generate a random walk. Let Y H be the random variable that represents the label of the observed feature vector in the hypothesis space  , and Y F be the random variable that represents the label in the target function. We leave for future work the bias-variance decomposition of the log-likelihood loss as in 8. Because of this  , any estimate for which falls outside of this range is quite unlikely  , and it is reasonable to remove all such solutions from consideration by choosing appropriate bounds. We hypothesize that the double Pareto naturally captures a regime of recency in which a user recalls consuming the item  , and decides whether to re-consume it  , versus a second regime in which the user simply does not bring the item to mind in considering what to consume next; these two behaviors are fundamentally different  , and emerge as a transition point in the function controlling likelihood to re-consume. Instead  , we find that a double Pareto distribution can be fit to each user with a significant increase in overall likelihood. where α is the weight that specifies a trade-off between focusing on minimization of the log-likelihood of document sequence and of the log-likelihood of word sequences we set α = 1 in the experiments  , b is the length of the training context for document sequences  , and c is the length of the training context for word sequences. Given the architecture illustrated in Figure 1  , probability of observing one of the surrounding documents based on the current document Pdm+i|dm is defined using the soft-max function as given below , The likelihood function for the t observations is: Let t be the number of capture occasions observations  , N be the true population size  , nj be the number of individuals captured in the j th capture occasion  , Mt+1 be the number of total unique dividuals caught during all occasions  , p be the probability of an individual robot being captured and fj be the number of robots being observed exactly j times j < t. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. In the M step  , we treat all the variables in Θ as parameters and estimate them by maximizing the likelihood function. The penalty term has a factor 1 + r e   , where r e is the ratio of documents that belong to event e. If the ratio r e for a specific event is high  , it will receive a stronger penalty in the size of its spatial and temporal deviations   , causing these variances to be restricted. Our rationale for splitting F in this way is that  , according to empirical findings reported in 11  , the likelihood of a user visiting a page presented in a search result list depends primarily on the rank position at which the page appears. where the output of F 1 is the rank position of a page of popularity x  , and F 2 is a function from that rank to a visit rate. The marginal likelihood has three terms from left to right  , the first accounts for the data fit; the second is a complexity penalty term encoding the Occam's Razor principle and the last is a normalisation constant. where K y = KX  , X + σ 2 I is the covariance matrix for the observations y made at locations X and where θ= θ represents a set of hyper-parameters specified according to a given covariance function. If an accurate model of the manipulator-object interaction were available  , then the likelihood of a given position measurement could be evaluated in terms of its proximity to an expected position measurement: P ˆ p i |modelx  , u  , where modelx  , u denotes the expected contact position given an object configuration x and manipulator control parameters  , u. Instead  , we propose a simpler but less informative measurement model created by integrating over all possible contact positions as a function of object pose: We now see that the confusion side helps to eliminate one of the peaks in the orientation estimate and the spatial likelihood function has helped the estimate converge to an accurate value. In this case since the object has been detected once from its non-confusion side  , the probability of o 1 being of class c 1 is now much higher and the orientation estimate is now nonambiguous with φ 1 ≈ 258  as shown in Figure 11. In MyDNS  , a low aux value increases the likelihood of the corresponding server to be placed high in the list. A load balancing function uses the aux value associated with each RR record to sort the answers in the response's addresses. The order of the answers determines the server that will be used by the client: the client uses the first operational server from the list. Table 4 presents results of two sets of experiments using the step + exponential function  , with what we subjectively characterize as " slow " decay and " fast " decay. Finally  , we show that with specific efficiency functions  , our " Slow " Decay Rate Wt10g t = 150ms  , α = −0.05 Gov2 t = 5s  , α = −0.1 Clue t = 7s  , α = −0.01 learned models converge to either baseline query-likelihood or the weighted sequential dependence model  , thus illustrating the generality of our framework in subsuming ranking approaches that only take into account effectiveness. In order to investigate this issue a relevant set of training data must be generated for a case with potential collisions  , e.g. This way  , the likelihood of a collision occurring due to on-line trajectory corrections is minimal and the resulting inequality constraints may well be handled in a sufficient computational run time a collision detection function call was measured to last 8e10 −7 seconds. However  , this pQ normalization factor is useful if we want a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and if we want to be able to compare scores across different queries. Since pQ is constant for all documents Di given a specific query Q  , it does not affect the ranking of the documents and can be safely removed from the scoring function . However  , we choose to keep this factor because it helps to provide a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and allows the document scores to be more comparable across different topics. As discussed in Section 2.1  , the pQ normalization factor in the scoring function 2 does not affect the ranking of the documents because it is constant for all documents Di given a specific topic Q. Therefore  , the AUCEC scores of a random selection method under full credit will depend on the underlying distribution of bugs: large bugs are detected with a high likelihood even when inspecting only a few lines at random  , whereas small bugs are unlikely to be detected when inspecting 5% of lines without a good selection function. Full Credit  , on the other hand  , assigns the credit for detecting a bug as soon as a single line of the bug is found. This ideal situation occurs when a search engine's repository is exactly synchronized with the Web at all times  , such that W L = W. Hence  , we denote the highest possible search repository quality as QW  , where: As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. We do not provide the expressions for computing the gradients of the logarithm of the likelihood function with respect to the configurations' parameters  , because such expressions can be computed automatically using symbolic differentiation in math packages such as Theano 3. We estimate the relevance of a document d to a query q using the probability of click on d when d appears on the first position  , i.e. , P C1 = 1 | q  , d. That is  , upon disconnection  , the preDisconnect method in the Accounts complet looks up for a customer account that matches the currently visited customer  , and if found  , sets its priority to High  , thereby increasing the likelihood of cloning that complet. In order to address the special need to download specific account complet as a function of the sales agent's location  , we use the d y n a m i c reference configuration capability of FarGO-DA. For a query q consisting of a number of terms qti  , our reference search engine The Indri search engine would return a ranked list of documents using the query likelihood model from the ClueWeb09 category B dataset: Dqdq ,1  , dq ,2  , ..  , dq ,n where dq ,i refers to the document ranked i for the query q based on the reference search engine's standard ranking function. In the next sections describing our runs  , we will use the following terminology. It may be assumed that training points representing collision-free solutions would be generated with conservative sizes of the representative polytopes in the problem at hand. In a simple case it is likely that the test for correct assembly would occur first  , followed by tests for the most likely The structure of such a tree should ideally be determined with reference to some cost function which takes into account such parameters as the likelihood of a given error occurring  , the time taken to test for its presence and the time and financial cost in recovery. Indeed  , examining the positive examples in our data as a function of time-of-day and day-of-week  , we observe a greater likelihood of urgent health searching occurring outside of working hours and on weekends Table 4 . In the evenings and on weekends people may more typically pursue other interests  , bringing them into situations with higher risk of injury and of placing additional strain on their bodies—and creating opportunity for unforeseen accidents. The effectiveness of a strategy for a single topic is computed as a function of the ranks of the relevant documents. In the experimental paradigm assumed in this paper  , each retrieval strategy to be compared produces a ranked list of documents for each topic in a test collection  , where the list is ordered by decreasing likelihood that the document should be retrieved for that topic. Using this transfer function and global context as a proxy for δ ctxt   , the fitted model has a log-likelihood of −57051 with parameter β = 0.415 under-ranked reviews have more positive δ ctxt which in turn means more positive polarity due to a positive β. Overall  , the model captures the key trends in the data  , including a decrease in voting polarity with rank on the diagonal  , and the increase in voting polarity for reviews that are ranked too low. In this project we rely on data that have passed through the first two levels of the pipeline and we will focus primarily on the elaboration of the remaining two steps. Thus our idea is to optimize the likelihood part and the regularizer part of the objective function separately in hope of finding an improvement of the current Ψ. According to GEM  , we do not have to find the local maximum of QΨn+1; Ψn at every M step; instead  , we only need to find a better value of Ψ in the M-step  , i.e. , to ensure QΨn+1; Ψn ≥ QΨn; Ψn. We also look at friendship probability as a function of rank where rank is the number of people who live closer than a friend ranked by distance  , and note that in general  , people who live in cities tend to have friends that are more scattered throughout the country. However  , at shorter ranges  , distance does not play as large of a role in the likelihood of friendship. For scalability  , we bucket all the queries by their distance from the center  , enabling us to evaluate a particular choice of C and α very quickly. cur i u can be viewed as a curiousness score mapped from an item's stimulus on the curiosity distribution. Once the curiosity distribution is estimated  , we can obtain the likelihood that the user is curious about an item with sd  , i.e. , the user's curiousness on item i given its sd  , denoted by cur i u = pdfusd  , where pdf is the probability density function of Cu. The constant k mitigates the impact of uments according to the pairwise relation rd1 < rd2  , which is determined for each d1  , d2 by majority vote among the input rankings. Note that this differs from when emergency rooms are more likely to receive visits 18  , suggesting that urgent search engine temporal patterns may differ from ER visit patterns. Pseudo negative judgments are sampled from the bottom of a ranked list of a thousand retrieved documents R using the language modeling query likelihood scoring function. 2 Unless otherwise specified  , we set the total number of sampled pseudo queries Q to 400  , and the average number of pseudo positive dp and negative judgments dn for each query to 10 and 20  , respectively  , keeping the ratio of positive to negative judgments at 0.5. The main message to take away from this section is that we use distributed representations sequences of vector states as detailed in §3.1 to model user browsing behavior. This is reflected in Table 6: as the bug-fix threshold increases  , the random AUCEC scores increase as well. Ranked query evaluation is based on the notion of a similarity heuristic  , a function that combines observed statistical properties of a document in the context of a collection and a query  , and computes a numeric score indicating the likelihood that the document is an answer to the query. The upper limit k is decided at index construction time  , and is typically a value such as k = 8. QLQ  , A + sub achieves significant better results than all the other systems do at 0.01 level for all evaluation metrics  , except for bigram-ROUGE precision score when b = 50 and TFIDF cosine similarity score when b = 100. Using the submodular function to re-rank the questions retrieved by simple and combined query likelihood language model denoted as QLQ +sub and QLQ  , A + sub  , respectively show better results over corresponding retrieval models for all evaluation metrics. All models work according to the same principle: comparing a pseudodocument D built from entity-specific tweets with a background corpus C. This comparison allows us to score a term t using a function st  , D  , C. However  , since the ultimate position of manipulator contacts on an object is a complex function of the second-order impedances of the manipulator and object  , creating such a model can be prohibitively difficult. For the importance of time in repeat consumption  , we show that the situation is complex. Random SearchAb1 : basic strategy : the ability to find task by moving random direction. Specifically for automated repair   , for random search one candidate patch can be discarded immediately once the patch is regarded as invalid. As described earlier  , random search is unguided  , and thus requires no fitness evaluation. However  , for the satellite docking operation  , the random search found only one feasible solution in 750 ,000 function evaluations 64 hours on 24 Sparc workstations. If this were the case  , a random search would find one of those feasible solutions quickly. The heuristic makes this approach more efficient than a purely random search. This is basically a random search combined with the heuristic: spreading out the contacts produces better quality grasps. However  , such random search techniques have produced some of the best results on practical planning problems. Random search techniques  , on the other hand  , are probabilistically complete but may take a long time to find a solution 12 . They follow walls and turn at random at intersections. In this implementation the robots initially search the environment to find goal B by random exploration. GP has been shown to perform well under such conditions. Hence other search mechanisms like random search and exhaustive search would take inordinate time 20. Hence  , the Random Walk served as the search performance lower-bound. Without any learning module  , Random Walk is presumably neither efficient nor effective. One is random search Random 1  , the only fully parallelizable strategy besides A-SMFO. We are comparing our proposed methods with five different competitor strategies. Then we compare to different variations of the SMBO framework. The search space is uniformly sampled at random. onto the basic PRM scheme 18. Step Three  , Random Baseline  , was omitted. beginning Step Two  , Multimodal Search Reviews. Models & Parameters. This is actually a one-step random walk in search log 13. One might expect that  , if samples are truly random and sufficiently large  , different random samples would produce stable effectiveness of the search system in terms of precision or nDCG. One aspect of sample-based methods that has not been studied so far is the effect of the particular random sample in the CSI on the search effectiveness. The search space is all possible poses within The " center-of-mass " search designated in this paper as C similarly divides the search space into pose cells  , but picks a random pose within each pose cell and uses those random poses to compute a set of match scores that are distributed throughout the search space. In order to describe the search routines  , it is useful to first describe the search space in which they work. The single search box has the option to switch to the advanced mode. Finally  , the search box provides random access to any item. These search results were then presented in random order to the disambiguation system. Some queries returned fewer than 500 search results. The results cate our method depends on the quality of the search engine search results. It shows worse results on random and tail. We developed a Random Searcher Model to discover the holdings of archives that support fulltext search. In this paper we examined the Fulltext Search Profiling. It is parallelizable which is only possible for grid search and random search while all other tuning strategies are not trivially parallelizable. A-SMFO has very nice properties. Another was to search for subjects of interest to the participant  , and to look through the search results until something worth keeping was found. One was to request random pages from the search engine  , and to keep looking at random pages until one struck their fancy. Request permissions from Permissions@acm.org. The popularity increase is much more sudden under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model. Search US query logs in February 2007. This dataset was extracted from random queries sampled from Yahoo! The experimental results are in Table 1. Among the search strategies vided by Crest  , we chose the random branch strategy. The project commenced as usual with Losey beginning Step Two  , Multimodal Search Reviews. Enumerative search techniques are very inefficient as the search space becomes too large to explore. Participants could identify interesting pages in one of two ways. The sequences composed of a random walk followed by gradient descent search are repeated for a predetermined number K of trials or until a better node is found. Gradient descent resumes from the state at which the random walk terminates. Random-based techniques generate tests by randomly assembling method calls into concurrent tests. These efforts can be broadly divided in two categories: random-based 38  , 43 and search-based 56. Then  , starting from this seed set  , we use the following five strategies to select five different account sets with the same selection size of k from the dataset 5 : random search RAND  , breath-first search BFS  , depthfirst search DFS  , random combination of breadth-first and depth-first search RBDFS 6   , and CIA. In this experiment  , we start from the same seed set of N identified criminal accounts   , which are randomly selected from 2 ,060 identified criminal accounts. While randomized  , however  , GAS are by no means a simple random-walk approach. CA is a search procedure that uses random choices as a guide tool through a coding in the parameter space 9-131. We perform this ordering-space-search for 100 random trials. When variables' ordering is unknown  , one may generate many random orderings  , use K2 to learn structures  , and select the best ones 7. 2 Each robot search samples by random walk because there is no information about the sample location. 1 A large numbers of various samples are placed on the working area at random. GA is a search procedure that uses random choices 8 a guide tool through a coding in the parameter space 9-131. = DispersionAb2: the ability of a group of agent to spread out in order to establish and maintain some minimum inter-agent distance. To address this discrepancy  , we now extend the topic-driven random-surfer model as follows: That is  , the user clicks that the search engine observes is not based on the topic-driven random surfer model; instead the user's clicks are heavily affected by the rankings of search results. Even when keyword search is used to select all training documents  , the result is generally superior to that achieved when random selection is used. Perhaps more surprising is the fact that a simple keyword search  , composed without prior knowledge of the collection  , almost always yields a more effective seed set than random selection  , whether for CAL  , SAL  , or SPL. Of these  , the location of minimum error is the start point for a directed search that is based on steepest descent. Initially a random search strategy is used in which the profile of the object is placed at a series of ten random locations within the bounds of the substrate profile and the resultant total error for the difierence surface recorded in each case. Here  , n ringers are constructed by encrypting a random plaintext Pr with a random key kr to obtain the ringer's ciphertext Cr. As described in 29  , this scheme enables a privacy-preserving cryptographic search for the key  , since it does not reveal the plaintext P to any entity that is involved in the cryptographic search. If the observed number of occurrences is more than 3 standard deviations greater than expected  , the search term and n-gram are unlikely to occur together by random chance. This defines 1 an expected number of occurrences of any given n-gram in any given search result  , and 2 a standard deviation of the random variation in the number of occurrences. The random-surfer model captures the case when the users are not influenced by search engines. Thus  , in the rest of this paper  , we try to examine the impact of search engines theoretically by analyzing two Web-surfing models: the random-surfer model and the searchdominant model. It was common  , for example   , to find programs where  , given a few hundred random searches  , the fastest search order outperformed the slowest by four or five orders of magnitude. Our empirical study of 56 multithreaded Java programs showed that random variations in the search order give rise to enormous variations in the cost to find an error across a space. 2 We see that by combining the topic models with random walk  , we can significantly enhance the ranking the simple multiplication to combine the relevance scores by the topic model with the score from the random walking model while the second method integrates the topic model directly into the random walk. This indicates that the proposed approach indeed improves the quality of academic search. Our work addresses random generation of unit tests for object-oriented programs. While the systematic techniques used sophisticated heuristics to make them more effective  , the type of random testing used for comparison is unguided random testing  , with no heuristics to guide its search. Note that the proposed search-result-based approach produced better translations than the anchor-text-based approach for the random Web queries. The performance of the translation of popular Web queries was better than that of random Web queries because random Web queries were too diverse. The random walk as defined does not converge to the uniform distribution. Running a random walk on this graph is simple: we start from an arbitrary document  , at each step choose a random term/phrase from the current document  , submit a corresponding query to the search engine  , and move to a randomly chosen document from the query's result set. Each random access includes at most m times of binary search on the sorted lists that have been loaded in memory and the cost of random access is moderate. However  , it incurs the overhead of a larger number of random accesses. To cope with this challenging problem  , we leverage the search function of the G+ API to efficiently identify a large number of seemingly random users. The sparse utilization of the extremely large ID space makes it infeasible to identify random users by generating random IDs. RANDOOP is closer to the other side of the random-systematic spectrum: it is primarily a random input generator  , but uses techniques that impose some systematization in the search to make it more effective . Recent work by Godefroid et al 11  , 25 explores DART  , a symbolic execution approach that integrates random input generation. Templates that did not have any matching queries were excluded. For each  , we obtained matching queries from a uniform random sample of all recent search queries submitted to the search engine in the United States. For the medical track the Search by Strategy framework of Spinque was deployed. Secondly  , we examined the use of random walks on query graphs for formulating query history as search queries. Instead   , a discrete random search technique can be used for efficiency. However   , as the number of robot DOFs increases  , the set of assembly configurations may become factorially large and the exhaustive search becomes undesirable. ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig. The differences between all strategies breadth-first  , random search  , and Pex's default search strategy were negligible. It has some limitations due to stochastic search. 8 suggests a random search technique combined with bitmap based representation and numerical potential fields for developing motion planners for many DOF manipulator arms. Random pictures can be renewed on demand by the user. In case of similarity search  , the user can search by choosing a picture among those randomly proposed by the system. Active search -Active tactile search for object indentification and determination of position and attitude is central to achieving adequate manipulation and assembly capability. Just as h ~ m a n fingers explore objects in non-random patterns , This resulted in a total of 176 query templates. Our final data set consisted of 224k search sessions  , corresponding to 88k users. Then  , we extracted a random sample of the search sessions of those " switching-tolerant " users from the period under study. The dataset comprises a set of approximately one million queries selected uniformly at random from the search sessions. From the week-long sample of search sessions described in Section 3.1  , we generate a dataset for our re-ranking experiments. Additionally  , it only depends on the training meta-data and not on the currently evaluated data set. If the search succeeds  , then the equivalence check returns false and the oracle reports a failure. The search for a counter-example uses a simple random selection and is currently limited to methods without parameters. We have confirmed this expectation by running the MAY × MUST configuration with different exploration strategies on 20 methods for which exploration bounds were reached. Overall  , 30% of Search Quality sites and 50% of Safe Browsing sites rank low enough to receive limited search traction. Similarly  , compared to our random sample  , hijacking disproportionately impacts lowly-ranked pages. Next  , we consider each search engine to be a random capture of the document population at a certain time. Our approach assumes that each academic search engine samples the Web independently for papers and contains a subset of available documents. Table 8shows the reverse ratio for each method. This measure indicates how likely a method will reverse the order of a random pair of search results returned by the search engine. For simplicity  , we assume terms occur independently and follow Poisson statistics. If an n-gram occurs more frequently in a search result than expected by random chance  , there may be a relationship between the n-gram and the search term. As we showed before  , functions could be expressed by trees. Also the ranking function space consists of an infinite number of elements  , which makes it impossible to get the " optimal " point for random search and exhaustive search. It has been shown that  , depending on the structure of the search space  , in some applications it may outperform techniques based on local search 7. RND just picks solutions at random and returns the best one. The subjects were asked to select as many restaurants relevant to a presented search intent as possible. In the second step  , two search intents were assigned and presented in random order to each subject. A randomized search strategy builds one or more stud solutions and tries to improve them by applying random transformations . It is up to the search strategy to keep some or all of them LVGl. In each search task  , participants were required to read task description  , complete pre-and post-questionnaires  , and search information on Wikipedia using either of the two user interfaces. A rotation was assigned to each participant in a random order. The meta-search interface presented the documents retrieved in random order  , with no indication of the system from which each was drawn. We constructed a meta-search interface that searched both systems and combined the results on a single page. These URIs are then utilized to build archive profiles. – Random query terms are sent to the fulltext search interface of the archive if present and from the search response we learn the URIs that it holds. After submissions began  , the echo Step Five  , multimodal search began  , including predictive coding features  , with iterated training. Whenever it is found  , its random access address is remembered for the duration of the search of that subtree for S. P. P# = 200. Here one comparitor searches for S. SNAME. We refer to this approach as Sampled Expected Utility. We make this exploration tractable by reducing the search space to a random subsample of the available queries. The second view is to use labels or tags based on clusters as an alternative classification scheme. Each sampler was allowed to submit exactly 5 million queries to the search engine. The random walk sampler used a burn-in period of 1 ,000 steps. propose the ObjectRank system 3 which applies the random walk model to keyword search in databases modelled as labelled graphs. Balmin et al. 18 have examined contextual search and name disambiguation in email messages using graphs  , employing random walks on graphs to disambiguate names. Minkov et al. During each search a random series of digits between one and five were played into their headphones. They were also given instructions on completing the dual task. We had a collection of 973948 messages from the Microsoft.public. We obtained 343 random queries from Microsoft Help and Support Search Query logs. To date  , tasks are routed to individual workers in a random manner. Human computation systems have become an increasingly popular platform for distributing tasks  , including search relevance judgments. They efficiently exploit historical information to speculate on new search nodes with expected improved performance. Starting from a random public user  , we iteratively built a mutual graph of users in a Breadth First Search BFS manner. 2014. 7represents the convergent rate of J. Randomly generate an initial population of particles with random positions and velocities within a search space. Fig. We perform the optimization using a combination of random search and gradient descent with numerical gradient computation. 8  , populated by the objects we measured. show that even a single user adopts different interaction modes that include goal oriented search  , general purpose browsing and random browsing 8. Moreover Cove et al. We proposed to tackle this problem by random walk on the query logs. Rare queries are those difficult tail queries in search engines that appeared very few times. Mimic uses random search inspired by machine learning techniques . Mimic 15 aims to synthesize models that perform the same computations as opaque or obfuscated Javascript code. 12 mobile search query logs. Normalized pointwise mutual information npmi was computed over token bigrams appearing in a random sample from the Yahoo! First is a random snippet from the list of possible snippets for the document. For every search result from SERPs we collected two variants of bad snippets. They efficiently exploit hBtorical information to speculate on new search nodes with expected improved performance. Table IIshows the comparison of the results obtained using single-modal features. Other hyper-parameters for these methods were optimized through random search 41. In fact  , f describes quantitatively the goal of prioritization  , such as increasing After an initial random run shown using the thin jagged lines  , constraint solving tries to exhaustively search part of the state space. Figure 2a shows concolic testing. Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. In both cases a uniform random distribution is used. Obtaining a random sample from an uncooperative search engine is a non-trivial task. Finally  , we consider the effects of the parameters available in each technique. In addition  , before the main loop is executed  , R*GPU generates K random successors of the start state. The search performs the same initialization as R*. Caching is an important optimization in search engine architectures . Caching techniques should now target to minimize both random reads and sequential reads. Using a depth-first search-based summary method DFS does not perform well in our experiments. As expected  , Random performs worst. Fuzzy-fingerprinting FF is a hash-based search method specifically designed for text-based information retrieval. , ρ l of random vectors. However  , it is intuitively clear that any search routine could converge faster if starting points are good solutions. Conventional applications of GA- Fuzzy suggest a random initial popultion. After that search is carried out among this population. These strings are represented by a random number as an initial population. The evolutionary search method starts with a population of p random solutions. More isolated " true " examples contribute to its fitness value. All collision-free samples are added to the roadmap and checked for connections with all connected components. 9 have developed an OR-parallel formulat.ion of F:PP based on random competition parallel search ll. First  , among others  , Gini et al. The interleaving of random and symbolic techniques is the crucial insight that distinguishes hybrid concolic testing from a na¨ıvena¨ıve approach that simply runs random and concolic tests in parallel on a program. The interleaving of random testing and concolic execution thus uses both the capacity of random testing to inexpensively generate deep program states through long program executions and the capability of concolic testing to exhaustively and symbolically search for new paths with a limited looka- head. 20 shows that for these parameters the search space for a tree is very large and the problem is essentially a needle-in-a-haystack problem. That is  , the user clicks that the search engine observes is not based on the topic-driven random surfer model; instead the user's clicks are heavily affected by the rankings of search results. In practice  , however   , the search engine can only observe the user's clicks on its search result  , not the general web surfing behavior of the user. More formally  , if S is a random variable representing a search  , and acceptables is an indicator function denoting whether a particular search s has an acceptable result  , we define: A reliable search method would achieve an acceptable search most of the time. In this scenario  , teleportation is also generally performed via visits to a search engine and a user is more likely to " teleport " to a related or similar page instead of a random page in a search session. Then  , if the search task did not end  , it is followed by another possibly related/refined query to the search engine. The match scores are normalized to the range 0 ,1  , raised to the fourth power to exaggerate the peak  , and then a center-of mass calculation is performed for all cells. After a random number of forward and backward movements along the ranked list  , the user will end their search and we will evaluate the total utility provided by the system to them by taking the average of the precision of the judged relevant documents they has considered during their search. Then  , they considers this new document for a random time and moves  , independently  , to a third relevant document and so on. To tackle the problem   , we presented a novel random walk model that incorporates the inferred search impact of pages into the standard connectivity-based page importance computation. We formalized the frontier prioritization problem as a search-centric optimization problem  , where the objective is to maximize the impact of the crawled collection on the result quality of the search engine. From that page it is possible to perform a full-text search  , a similarity search starting from one of the random selected images. From one of the authors' home page 3 it is possible to find a link to the demo web application of the developed search engine. Consequently  , the search procedure changes from a random search t o a well informed search  , where the existence of the solution is known a priori. The capability t o guarantee that a point in the workspace is reachable in any orientation despite joint limits is unique t o this work. It is important to note that some web archives including the Internet Archive do not provide fulltext search  , hence this approach is not applicable for them. Keyword search refers to such search behavior demonstrated by a random visitor to the forum site  , who may or may not have participated in the forum discussions in the past. Users often visit online forums and search using the functionality provided on these web sites. We cannot assume any information about the searcher  , and cannot provide a personalized search for this user 1 . This is in contrast with techniques  , such as random sample consensus RANSAC 4  , which first find appearance-based matches globally and then enforce geometric consistency. As advocated in 3  our proposed method for correspondence search first constrains the search region and then performs an appearance based search therein. Answering this question is not easy in practice  , because we cannot prevent users from using search engines in order to observe the popularity evolution when search engines do not exist. It means that if a page becomes popular within one year when search engines do not exist  , it takes 66 years when search engines dominate users' browsing pattern! In Figure 7random-surfer model  , it took less than 25 time units for the page to obtain popularity one  , but in Figure 10search-dominant model  , it took 1650 time units! Search for 30 ,000 random elements -To measure the retrieval speed of the indices  , each index was searched for 30 ,000 different elements  , with each element requiring a new search. The index structures allowed unique values only  , thus  , each insert operation involved a search to ensure that the item was not already there. To come to our classification schemes  , we sampled random queries from our log data. Section 5.1 introduces the query types we identified for people search; in Section 5.2 we explore session types in people search and in Section 5.3 we propose different types of users of people search engines. Educational tasks were completed in a random but fixed order; search tool order was systematically varied across participants. Participants were given ten minutes to complete an instructional planning task; one task was used for each of three search tools: Google.com; NSDL Keyword Search  , and NSDL Science Literacy Maps. The primary difference between these methods and our proposed approach is that we do not require the search to expand the generated subgoal  , or a random successor in the case of R*. A multi-heuristic search method is proposed in 7  , that generates dynamic subgoals when the search is trapped in a local minimum. The Minimum and Maximum values are the observed minimum and maximum number of states explored by a random search in the pool. We show the number of states explored by the default search and indicate if the search completed  √   , timed out TO or ran out of memory OM. A document to n-gram index allows finding all ngrams that occur in a search result a list of documents. of document pairs for which a re-ranking method reverses the orders by the search engine  , over all the document pairs from the test sessions. R* search 13 is a randomized version of A* search that aims to circumvent local minima by generating random successors for a state  , and then solving a series of short-range local planning problems on demand. The idea of automatically detecting local minima and guiding the search away from them has been explored in the past. The organization of this paper is as follows: Section 2 outlines the definition of dedi-ous workspace and its significance in computing the inverse solutions. Therefore  , our model disguises a user's true search intents through plausible cover queries such that search engines cannot easily recognize them. We also generated random dummy clicks for the cover queries with the same expectation of the number of clicks in true queries so that search engines will not have explicit signal to recognize them. After that  , we detected users  , who had at least one switch from the search engine to other search engines in a given period. However  , using the Web as the corpus the proposed search-result-based approach χ2+CV achieved 46% top-1 inclusion rate for popular Web queries 58% in the top-5 and 40% top-1 inclusion rate for random Web queries 60% in the top-5. A random search is asked the same problem and the results figure 7 right show that the intelligence included in genetic optimization is far superior to the random search. Indeed  , the best solution is hardly improved and the population is vowed to stagnation . Starting with a random population and after all generations have been breed  , the population fitness best and mean have been improved for the TGA figure 7 left. The random testing phase takes a couple of minutes to reach state=9. In hybrid concolic testing  , we exploit the fact that random testing can take us in a computationally inexpensive way to a state in which state=9 and then concolic testing can enable us to generate the string ''reset'' through exhaustive search. Variants of TA have been studied for multimedia similarity search 12 ,31   , ranking query results from structured databases 1  , and distributed preference queries over heterogeneous Internet sources such as digital libraries   , restaurant reviews  , street finders  , etc. Obviously  , TA-random is more effective in pruning the index scans  , but TAsorted avoids expensive random accesses. A random walk doesn't work for generating table values because the distance of a random walk is related to the square root of the number of time steps. The danger in the tabular approach is that it opens the search space further  , but the generality is worth the risk. This difference is due to the fact that random pages tend to have more dynamic content than high-quality ones  , perhaps aimed at attracting the attention of search engines and users. Observe that the minimum staleness level achievable on the random data set is much higher than on the high-quality data set. Thus the random-order index has to be stored separately from the search index which doubles the storage cost. If the index is in random order  , rather than in decreasing static rank order  , ranking regular searches  " topk "  is very expensive since no branch-and-bound optimization can be used. This query-dependent model addressed the efficiency issue in random walk by constructing a subset of nodes in the click graph based on a depth-first search from the target node. al introduced a parameter-free random walk model for query suggestion. Our approach and more systematic approaches represent different tradeoffs of completeness and scalability  , and thus complement each other. Search results often contain duplicate documents  , which contain the same content but have different URLs. Every inconsistently judged duplicate can be seen as a random element within the set of relevance judgments  , and will have the same value as random data when used in evaluation. The random relative access rate tells which fraction of clicks will be made on links with a specific property if the user selects links in the search results list randomly. We decided to compare effective and random relative access rate for links with low rank on the top of the list and links with traffic-based cues. The random test case generation technique requires ranges within which to randomly select input values  , and the chaining technique needs to know the edge of its search space. Thus  , our implementations of both the random and chaining techniques supported both of these scenarios  , and our empirical studies investigated the techniques with and without range information. Compared to blind random search optimization the convergence speed is similar but the learning strategy finds significantly better gaits  , e.g. , on average 9.9 cm/sec and 13.3 cm/sec respectively for the millipede-3 robot. We  , observe that the learning strategy is able to find significantly better than random gaits for the different robots. The two planners presented in :section 3.1  , greedy search which planned ahead to the first scan in a path  , and the random walk which explored in a random fashion  , were tested in the simulation world described above. The results of the explorations can be found in Figure 3. In both cases the robot started with no a priori knowledge of the environment. The total evolution time is about 6 hours on a SUN/SPARC5 workstation. In order to mitigate the problems that are a result of the depth first search we use  , we generated tests with different seeds for the random number generator: for each test case specification  , fifteen test suites with different seeds were computed. During test case generation  , choosing transitions and input signals was performed at random. The other one is a widely used approach in practice  , which first randomly selects queries and then select top k relevant documents for each query based on current ranking functions such as top k Web sites returned by the current search engine23 . random query selection followed by random document selection for each query. The same sets of images and the same searches were used for all subjects  , but each subject carried out a different search on a particular set. Half received MDS first and half received random first  , and within a condition  , the searches were given in a random order. We show in this paper that this expectation does not hold in practice. He collected the following kinds of pairs of Web pages: Random: Two different pages were sampled uniformly at random uar from the collection. Davison pioneered a study 13 over about 100 ,000 pages sampled from the repository of a research search engine called DiscoWeb. These nodes are treated by making a random jump whenever the random walk enters a dangling node. However  , this definition does not account for dangling nodes i.e. , nodes without any outgoing edges – which are shown to form a significant portion of the Web graph crawled by search engines 4. As a key factor for efficient performance  , it must be careful about random accesses to index structures  , because random accesses are one or two orders of magnitude more expensive than the amortized cost of a sequential access. A viable solution must reconcile local scorings for content search conditions  , score aggregation  , and path conditions. The queries were drawn from the logs uniformly at random by token without replacement  , resulting in a query sample representative of the overall query distribution. We compared our ranking methods over a random sample of 3 ,000 queries from the search engine query logs. As the baseline frontier prioritization techniques  , we evaluate the following five approaches:  Random: Frontier pages are crawled in a random order. In other words  , despite the fact that clicked and viewed pages in the downloaded page set constitute a small fraction of this set  , these pages are promising sources for discovering new pages frontier with high search impact. Qin and Henrich 2G  have pursued an AND-parallel approach which generates random subgoals and t ,hen tries to connect theni in parallel with t.he initial and final configurations. In other applications such as personalized search and query suggestion  , random walks are used to discover relevant entities spread out in the entire graph  , so a small restart probability is favorable in these cases. For the restart probability of random walks  , it is interesting to find that a larger one is preferred and we set it as 0.9 in LINKREC. However  , once it obtains a reasonable ranking in the search result  , it garners significantly more traffic than under the random-surfer model  , so its popularity increases very quickly as long as it is of high quality. Therefore  , unpopular pages get significantly less traffic than under the random-surfer model  , so it takes much longer time for a page to build up initial momentum. Each randomized search used a distinct seed generated from a pseudo-random sequence  , and was limited to one hour of execution time and 2GB of memory  , with the exception of BoundedBuffer. We performed 5000 random searches using JPF version 3.1.2 on a cluster of dual-Opteron 250's running at 2.4 GHz with 16GB of memory and running Fedora Core 3 Linux. For example  , consider the comment of the focus group participant who critiqued the relative difficulty of browsing in MIR systems  " You also can't choose random CDs  , which I suppose is the advantage of shops as you can just search at random " ; Section 4.1. Support for some music information behaviors may be achieved by borrowing from related techniques supporting exploration of textual or visual documents. We then perform a random walk over the graph  , using query-URLquery transitions associated with weights on the edges i.e. Similarly to the session graph  , the random walk is performed for n steps away from the starting node: At search time  , the given ER query is matched in the graph and set as starting node. If the search is successful  , then the ancestor mark bit can be set because its random access address was saved. The random access address of the ancestor mark bit can be saved for reference until the successor is searched later in the sequence. This is directly confirmed in the reported results in 59  , in which in half of the case study the average number of fitness evaluations per run is at most 41  , thus implying that  , on average  , appropriate patches are found in the random initialization of the first population before the actual evolutionary search even starts. This is an extremely low number for example  , for test data generation in branch coverage it is often the case of using 100 ,000 fitness evaluations for each branch 26 and we can conclude that there is very limited search taking place  , which implies that a random search would have likely yielded similar results. Even though the search space is very large  , it could be possible that a large percentage of all candidate designs are acceptably good solutions for this example   , a feasible solution  , which does not violate any task constraints  , is considered to be acceptably good. To determine the fraction of the design space containing feasible solutions  , a random search has been executed; an exhaustive search is impossible due to the size of the search space. Figure 3shows the recursive procedure  , which is based upon depth--rst search. Random wa l k i s a n a p p r o ximation technique of searching only a portion of the reachable nodes on the execution tree. One scenario is that no range information is available. To assess the theoretical suitability of different folksonomies for decentralized search we plot the distance distribution first. In this sense  , the distance distribution of suitable folksonomies are closer to the homophilous folksonomy than to the random one. Since the search engine mainly " promotes " popular pages by returning them at the top  , they are visited more often than under the random-surfer model. This result is reasonable. In the next section  , we present empirical evidences that lead to Proposition 3. keeping clicking on the links between Web pages or through some Web page search engines or some combination 2 . Object information discovery can take place either via random surfing i.e. The odds of a random function returning the right results in these cases is quite small. The use of keywords limits the search to files that might be relevant. While random generation showed promising results  , it would be useful to consider a more guided search for test generation. Our experiments exposed three previously unknown bugs  , two of which were already fixed. Figure 11 shows the response time results for the recursive random search combined with LHS. In particular  , the ordering structure in the parameter setting is revealed clearly by LHS. Participants " accepted " any Web site that they identified as a g ood match for their task goals and classroom context. " We have also assessed the effect of social navigation support on how the search results are used. If the effective relative access rate is lower than random  , it means that the links with this quality discourage user from accessing them. In order to explore the search space  , we solve the problem of efficiently generating random  , uniformlydistributed execution plans  , for acyclic queries. The results coincide with those of other  , similar studies SwaSl. The search was repeated for 50 trials using a different subsequence as query. A random subsequence was chosen from the dataset to act as the query  , and the remaining 1023 sequences acted as the data. This involves collecting the data from the streaming API without any search terms  , thereby receiving a random selection. The Stream Set data is extracted from the streaming API using a method based on 2. There were a few selections for which the search engine did not return any result. Overall  , we retrieved Wikipedia documents for 490/500 regular selections and 299/300 random selections. This was our motivation for starting with a random sample of actual user queries. Our focus in this work is on evaluating search engines as they are used in practice. We show an example of a probabilistically deaened search space in Figure 3  , which includes an ëactual" aeeld obtained by a random generation of object locations from this probabilistic data. This is illustrated with some simulation results. A random walk is then conducted on this subgraph and hitting time is computed for all the query nodes. Starting from a given initial query  , a subgraph is extracted from the Query- URL bipartite using depth first search. The original motivation of this work was to build an effective ranking function for usenet searches involving queries relevant to Microsoft products. On each capture  , the returned documents are captured and recorded. Supposing a collection with N documents  , we capture it k times by searching k random queries through its search interface. Graph 6.4 plots the search time number of random disk accesses for the postings file  , for the FCHAIN method. With the same  , light load on a Spare IPC  , the speed of CONTIGUOUS is 35% of the speed of FCHAIN. To make the subjects carefully examine each restaurant instance  , we asked subjects to find a couple of restaurants they wanted to visit. They use a bitmap of the workspace and and construct numerical potential fields. Barraquand and Latombe 901 have used random search techniques to overcome the problem of high dimensionality . Then  , the CONNECT function generates the trajectory for object orientations  , which connects Rand to a , , , ,. The planner selects the candidate for the subgoal  , at random in the search space defined around &nd see dashed circle in Fig.3. Otherwise  , highly exploratory EAs hardly find good local solution as well as random search does. The premature convergence problem of EAs is caused by the lack of diversityl . Previous works based on this approach yield to interesting results but under restrictions on the manip ulator kinematics. Results are given for a 3D task and compared to the random search. The ad-hoc policy results in probabilistic updates  , and a search based on manually generated heuristics and some random actions 23. Next  , the constrained convolutional policy was compared with an ad-hoc policy on different grid-sizes. Each invocation produces an index into the list of zy pairs  , thereby defining a contour point. Each step of the search issues two successive calls t o a random number generator. Random restarts were applied to initial weights to allow the optimizer to find a reasonable solution. The amoeba simplex optimization technique 9 was used to modify the controller parameters and guide the search for optima. Another recent approach called DOC 14  uses a random seed of points to guide a greedy search for subspace clusters. PROCLUS 1 and PreDeCon 4  , are also not considered here. When inspecting these metrics  , please note that the lowest precision is above 0.68  , an important fact for the federated search application. Mimic focuses on relatively small but potentially complex code snippets  , whereas Pasket synthesizes large amounts of code based on design patterns. The computer presented one random photo after another to one of the experimenters. In order to minimize experimenter bias during the selection of photos for the Search Task  , we had a computer randomly select the photos from each subject's collection. Using the intersection of these two captures  , we estimate the entire size of the population. 5A distributed selective search performs better with content basis category partitioning of the collection than near random partitioning. 4A simple DF*ICF database selection method performs as well as the CORI method. For compound digital objects  , including text  , audio  , and video resources  , it is necessary to provide convenient random access to digital contents. Providing effective navigation and search tools for digital content is an advantage of digital libraries versus conventional libraries. The authors describe a technique which uses random walks to estimate the RankMass of a search engine's index. This is the measure we use in this paper which we refer to as RankMass. where random is a randomly generated number between 0 and 3. This experiment used three kinds of index  , 1 Dissimilarity: the cost of search using index structures chosen by the dissimilarity function. The model we have explored thus far assumes that users make visit to pages only by querying a search engineFigure 12: Influence of the extent of random surfing. We use the following model for mixed surfing and searching: If no pre-existing example image is available  , random images from the collection may be presented to the user  , or a sketch interface may be used. Such systems typically work by using an image example to initiate the search. We apply the Lucene 3 search engine  , under its default settings  , for searching over this collection. As document collection we used a random sample of 2 million questions and their best answers from Yahoo Answers. To our knowledge  , this is the first time such a Multi-Start/Iterated Local Search scheme 7 has been combined with OLS. DBGD is stopped automatically after 40 ,000 iterations  , or if no improvement has been found after 20 random pertubations. Among all proposals   , random walk-based methods 20  , 17  , 19  have exhibited noticeable performance improvement when comparing to other models. Most of the existing works rely on search engine server logs to suggest relevant queries to user inputs. In the following sections  , we only considered these 490 regular selections and 299 random mentions. Making evaluations for personalized search is a challenge since relevance judgments can only be assessed by end-users 8. The random selection was carried out 10 times independently  , and we report the average results. This scheme led to a practical implementation and we demonstrated that it solves complex and realistic manipulation tasks involving objects and fingertips of various shapes. This uses a random search to cope with the high dimensionality of the control space. Performing a random walk over the graph  , using query- URL-query transitions associated with weights on the edges i.e. At search time  , the given ER query is matched in the graph and set as starting node see Section 3. Regarding minimality  , DFSModify performs a random search on the automaton graph. In the future  , we plan to utilize such constructions in order to provide a completely automatic formula revision framework. From this it appears that the effects of random walk searches produce equivalent results as an exhaustive search. Figure 8shows the percentage increase of the environment viewed as a function of the number of scans. Extensive researches on the optimal parameters for the balance of exploration and exploitation were performed2 3. In this paper  , we propose to exploit ray tracing techniques to guide our search for connections between CCs. But the use of random reflections has been limited to bouncing. Experimental results show that our approach outperforms the baseline methods and the existing systems. We further propose two methods to combine the proposed topic models with the random walk framework for academic search. In this way  , concolic testing does eventually hit the coverage points in the vicinity of the random execution  , but the expense of exhaustive searching means that many other coverage points in the program state space can remain uncovered while concolic testing is stuck searching one part Figure 2 b switches to inexpensive random testing as soon as it identifies some uncovered point  , relying on fast random testing to explore as much of the state space as possible. Figure 1illustrates the perplexity of language models from different sources tested on a random sample of 733 ,147 queries from the search engine's May 2009 query log. Also note that we report the perplexity normalized by the total query length. Despite the above obstacles  , our experiments – over a corpus of approximately 500 stories from Yahoo! In particular  , the results of image search for people with a small Web footprint are fairly random. To evaluate the quality of our implicit transcripts  , we collected a random sample of voice queries impressions submitted to Bing search engine during November 2014 and transcribed them implicitly. Quality of implicit transcripts. They never use a search engine that recommends pages based on their current popularity. Random-surfer model Section 4: We assume that Web users discover new pages purely by surfing randomly on the Web  , just following links. In this model  , Web users discover new pages simply by surfing the Web  , just following links. Performance should be slightly better when starting with a hot cache. We then issued ½¼¼¼ queries selected at random from a publicly available trace of the Excite search engine  , starting with an empty cache. Figure 4shows the number of results returned by the two approaches for the 316 queries. We took a random sample of 316 Consumer and Electronics queries 3 from the Live search query log. The assumption is that manually written tests for a certain class have inputs more likely to reveal faults than random ones. Another improvement is to use information contained in manual tests to further guide the search for fault-revealing inputs. The Central Limit theorem states that the sum of n random variables converges to a normal distribution 17 . A common example is when the search landscape of the addressed problem has trap-like regions 48. The Point of Diminishing Returns PDR values are explained in Section 5.2. We experimented with ways to initialize the starting values. The choice of which weight to update is made at random  , in an effort to avoid local minima in the search space  , but  The configurations usually converge well within 100 iterations . 3.11M 7.4% of these are for documents which were classified as Single/In Window/Episodic in the previous section i.e. , have a non-random date distribution 5 . The Sogou 2012 query log contains 42.17M search result clicks in total. A pseudo-random approach was used to insure that all topic and system order effects were nullified. Each participant was assigned to search three queries in a block with one system followed by three queries with the other system. a suite of state-of-the-art search techniques through a user-friendly interface. This can be done within ESA by either manually selecting documents or by automatic and random selection  , at a user's discretion. It is based on choosing explicitly  , at each instant  , a possible quasi-static motion of the system by using a random search. Our solution incorporates such constraints  , and provides a practical scheme to predict instantaneous motions. The performance of this scheme varies significantly from run to run. This is because on some runs the random walks help escape from dead ends in the search space more effectively than on other runs. Whereas gradient methods change the variables according to determiiiistic rules  , GAS are based on random transition rules. GAS differ from gradient search methods mainly in the manner in which variables axe changed. The general idea in these methods is t o incrementally build a search graph from the initial state and extend it toward the goal state. The application of random techniques in trajectory design is also seen in 13 . If the heuristics guides the search to a local minimum  , a random subgoal is generated and the heuristic strategy is attempted via the subgoal configuration. The heuristic strategy is first attempted between the original start and the original goal configuration. We implemented the different methods for list materialization  , namely Random  , TopDown  , BottomUp  , and CostBased as discussed in Section 3.2.2. We can see that list materialization improved the search performance. The STS corpus is a collection of 1.6 million English tweets collected by submitting queries with positive and negative emoticons to the Twitter search API. We take a random sample of 2.5 million English tweets from this collection. The Tsetlin automaton can be thought of as a finite state automaton controlling two search strategies. The action that is chosen is determined by the weighted sum of the context features and a random component. 0 ~ 1 in random directions and the hounding surface of the C-obstacle is located by means of binary search. From these configurations  , " rays " are s h o t . The second step is the roadmap connection where several more powerful local planners are used. Each sample consist of the current gaze angles and the joint angles of the DOFs we are interested in. Sample points for the search are collected through random movement. Search tool order was counterbalanced across educational tasks; tasks were presented in a random  , but fixed  , order. or generated a statement that was vague or unclear e.g. , prompt: Can you say more about that ?. Therefore  , the resulting specification automaton is not going to correspond to a minimal specification in the set F φ T   , in general. Accordingly  , each environment of four levels is regarded as antigens and each of these strategies is regarded as antibodies. For each of these environments  , a robot faces with several strategies that are Aggregation  , Random search  , Dispersion  , and Homing. For each pair of objects  , there were 500 different cases obtained by locating randomly these objects both random translations and rotations. 101have been applied to test the contribution of the new optimal search directions. The PDFs analyzed were a random sample from our SciPlore.org database  , a scientific web based search engine. 'Slight errors' include wrongly encoded special characters or  , for instance  , the inclusion of single characters such as '*' at the end of the title. So evolvability 8 and parallelism are both considered to improve convergence speed of global optimization. However  , if gobal optimation is paid too much attention  , GA maybe drop in random search. Reproducing random search is not exactly possible because often only the distribution over the hyperparameters is made public and not which hyperparameter configurations are finally chosen. Another nice property is that it makes results reproducible. So exhaustively selecting a query that maximizes the expected utility is computationally very intensive and is infeasible for most interesting problems. Our experimental results show that the proposed method can significantly improve the search quality in comparison with the baseline methods. We further present two methods to combine the proposed topic models with the random walk for ranking different objects simultaneously. Following functional dependencies helps programmers to understand how to use found functions. To model the navigation behavior of programmers  , we adopt the model of the random surfer that is used in popular search engines such as Google. We design an initialization strategy to balance the above two approaches. Consequently  , random walks may assign undesirable large emission probabilities to queries and URLs generated by an irrelevant search intent. We limit random walks within two steps. Such an initialization allows a query as well as a URL to represent multiple search intents  , and at the same time avoids the problem of assigning undesirable large emission probabilities. The classifier is then used to score about 1M pages sampled at random from the search index. In the latter case  , a classifier is first trained on the initial editorial set. To control quality  , two duplicate results and two junk results were added at random positions. Similar to before  , users were asked to give a rating of the usefulness of each search result on a 5-point Likert scale. We restrict our evaluation to top 10 documents in this paper. Those were the 15 queries that used random values in their search clauses. Of the 1200 queries  , only 15 had different APs – and the reason was outside the AP system itself. Successors of a node are generated in a random manner until a successor is found that has a better heuristic value than the current configuration. In that event the gradient descent search can quickly descend toward a goal configuration. Craswell and Szum- mer 5 used click graph random walks for relevance rank in image search. 26 combined query content information and click-through information and applied a density-based method to cluster queries. In cases where the model " overshoots " the measured value  , the saved value will be negative. This value is the effect of the system used during the search  , plus random error. Since the problem of researcher-indu~d bias was recognized as a potential problem  , four different researchers interacted with participants in a relatively random manner dictated by individual schedules. No instruction was provided on search tactics or vocabulary. We calculate the probability of finding a candidate if consider that this candidate is the required expert. In our approach we represent the search for an expert as an absorbing random walk in a document-candidate graph.  Body-part names. To improve coverage  , we also include the synonyms of each symptom  , which are identified via a two-step random walk on the click-graph of a search engine 3. The robot is able to successfully locate the object using information provided exclusively by the second robot. By sharing visual information  , the unobstructed robot immediately obtains a target location without requiring random search. In addition  , since robot movements take place in real time  , learning approaches that require more than hundreds of practice movements are often not feasible. Random search in such a space is hopeless. Our empirical evaluation shows that the method produces feasible  , high quality grasps from random and heuristic initializations. Thus  , it provides the first tractable method for search of grasp contacts on such input data. From the content of these pages  , it was evident that they were designed to " capture " search engine users. More interestingly  , the pages consisted of grammatically well-formed German sentences  , stitched together at random. Answers and crawled the top 20 results all question pages due to the site restriction. To correct this effect  , we further issued a random sample of 118 queries to Google's search engine with site restriction to Yahoo! Rank-S is affected by one more random component than Taily  , thus it might be expected to have greater variability across system instances. This behavior indicates that selective search is more stable at the top of the ranking. We limit our study to queries that were submitted from the United States. 2015 of a major search engine  , from which we collected a random sample of 146M query log entries whose clicked URL belongs to the tumblr.com domain . As described in Section 4.1  , user search interests can be represented by their queries. As a result  , suggestions provided by task-based methods can be treated as complementary to results from session-based and random walk approaches. The Google search engine employs a ranking scheme based on a random walk model defined by a single state variable. Under all these assumptions equation 2 can be rewritten as Pages that are labeled as strongly negative by the classifier are then added as negative examples to the training set. 6 This random construction does not guarantee that the degree sequences are exactly given by the qi's and dj's: this is true only in expectation. , K − 1  , avoiding the binary search. It submits each query to the search engine and checks whether they are valid for x. The procedure repeatedly samples queries uniformly at random from the set of predicted queries pqueriesx. GP is ultimately a heuristic-guided random search; the success rate in some sense measures the difficulty of finding the solution. We observed a high variance in success rates between programs. The concolic testing phase can then generate the sequence ESC dd during exhaustive search. The random testing phase of hybrid concolic testing can enter garbage text into the buffer easily thus enabling the line deletion command. Data is then extracted from this selection using a set of commonly used relevant terms. Search engines play an important role in web page discovery for most users of the Web. For the Bitly sample  , random hash values were created and dereferenced until 1 ,000 target URIs were discovered. This feature  , however  , was not included for the video library described below for funding and bandwidth reasons. These are chosen at random  , unless any specific metric is given  , and have been shown to support users in their search 5. The files are populated with 100 ,000 keys and the clients retrieve 1000 random keys in each experiment  , start@ each time with an empty image of the file. The search costs are the average costs of new clients. This behavior first searches a small area around the last known position of object by generating a random small motion in CS. If the object is not found in the image  , however  , the Search behavior is activated. The authors show how click graphs can be used to improve ranking of image search results. In 3  random walks are described on click graphs  , containing information about clicked URLs but not about user sessions. Typical random assignments of shards produce imbalances in machine load  , even when as few as four machines are in use. Selective search uses topical shards that are likely to differ in access rate. We first study how to support efficient random access for fuzzy type-ahead search. Thus we know that r 5 indeed contains a keyword similar to " grose "   , and can retrieve the corresponding prefix similarity. Observe that for all values of x  , randomized rank promotion performs better than or as well as nonrandomized ranking. Recall that x = 0 denotes pure search engine based surfing  , while x = 1 denotes pure random surfing. Therefore the effective relative access rate is 16/53=0.3  , which is twice the random 0.15. Effectively  , students accessed 53 documents from different search results lists and out of these 53  , 16 were among the top 3 documents. Computing random relative access rate for links with group traffic was a complicated procedure. It provides evidence that pages with visible group traffic are more attractive to students than top pages returned by the search engine. When this occurs  , random search with a randomly chosen depth bound is executed. If the heuristic is misleading then  , at some point  , every successor is worse than the current node. This helps deal with the high dimensionality of the control space of rolling and sliding contacts. On average  , based on our experiment with some random sampled publications  , only 0.35 resources were retrieved for each testing publication. First  , given a relatively long publication title  , if we use exact string match  , search engines can hardly find any results. If speed is paid too much attention  , GA might be trapped in local minimal. Pheromone decay is: Since the initial exploration of the search space is usually random set  , the value of the initial phases is not very informative and it is important for the system to slowly forget it. Afterwards  , another 100 queries are sent to the search service  , whose average response time is taken as the result. To remove bias  , for each test we first warm-up the indices with 100 random searches. Given the biases inherent in effective search engines — by design  , some documents are preferred over others — this result is unsurprising. Clearly  , the samples produced by QBS are far from random . Explicitly pornographic queries were excluded from the sample. In order to collect data representative of real searches  , we drew a random sample of 200 US English-language queries submitted to the Google search engine in mid-2006. Generating ten English person names  , using random combinations of the most frequent first and last names in the U. S. Census 1990 1 . The creation of the WePS Web People Search corpus consisted of the following steps: 1. We evaluated the query and HTTP costs to learn certain percentage of the holdings of an archive using RSM under different profiling policies. We assume that the 106 found social robots represent a random sample of social robots. Specific keywords like: " robots + legs "   , " humanoid + robots " or " wheels + robots " were not used  , since they would have biased the sample of the search results. DOC measures the density of subspace clusters using hypercubes of fixed width w and thus has similar problems like CLIQUE. We present three topic models for simultaneously modeling papers  , authors  , and publication venues. In this section  , we analyze how the popularity evolution changes when the users discover pages solely based on search results the search-dominant model. In the previous section  , we studied the popularity evolution of a page when users discover pages purely based on random surfing. This assumption makes sense when users surf the Web randomly Section 2  , but it may not be valid when users visit pages purely based on search results. In formalizing our search-dominant model  , we first note that the main assumption for the random-surfer model is Proposition 1: the visit popularity of a page is proportional to its current popularity. These queries had at most 3 required search terms and at most 3 optional search terms. In order to check how query execution time is affected by the semantics of the query i.e. , all-pairs or star and the type of interconnection index used  , we generated 1000 random queries for the Sigmod Record document . engines and are very short  , nonnegligible surfing may still be occurring without support from search engines. Note that Equation 5 shows the relationship between a user's visits and her topic preference vector if the user follows the topic-driven random surfer model. A given starting point was judged by exactly one participant. Each participant was assigned a search task selected at random without replacement  , and asked to judge the suitability of various documents as starting points for this search task a within-subjects design. Hence  , we reduce σ iteratively in OD such that the amount of reduction in σ is proportional to the increase in the accumulative structural coverage obtained by the generated test suites line 21. However  , if we let the search remain explorative  , it may reduce to a random search. The curves confirm the expectations of excellent search performance  , i.e. , 2 messages per search in practice  , for all the RF'* dgorithms. The basic action in such strategies is transformp  , which applies some transformation to a complete PT p. Only transformations that  , produce another complete PT in the same search space are applied. sen by an expert panel as search queries; 2 collecting the random sample without specified search terms and extracting appropriate data 2; 3 collecting from specific users that are known to be contributing to the debate 3. For all other uses  , contact the owner/authors. For example  , we observed that 18% of potential good abandonments in Chinese mobile search were weather queries a simple information need  , while on Chinese PC search the rate was under 1%. Other studies on random mobile query streams indicate this e.g. , 12  , 6  , and we noticed similar patterns in the abandoned query streams we analyzed. To test our hypotheses about the usefulness of our WYSIAWYH paradigm in supporting local browsing  , we compared the SCAN browser  , with a control interface that supported only search. Users used the search panel to find stories  , as with the SCAN browser  , but had only the random access player  " tape-recorder "  for browsing within " documents " . As will be argued in Subsection 2.2  , hash-based search methods operationalize—apparently or hidden—a means for embedding high-dimensional vectors into a low-dimensional space. Only few hash-based search methods have been developed so far  , in particular random projection  , locality-sensitive hashing  , and fuzzy-fingerprinting 20  , 18  , 11  , 26; they are discussed in greater detail in Subsection 2.3 and 2.4. In order to assess the quality of a search  , a popular method is to make a sample of search results for assessment. They noted that the Janus search engine could also be used to find textual overlaps between other random texts as well. 11   , who have described the development of the Electronic Manipulus Florum project 4   , a digitized collection of Latin quotations  , as well as the Janus search engine that finds overlap between user query text and the Florum quotations despite the existence of complex variants. Therefore   , pages crawled using such a policy may not follow a uniform random distribution; the MSN Search crawler is biased towards well-connected  , important  , and " high-quality " pages. The MSN Search crawler discovers new pages using a roughly breadth-first exploration policy  , and uses various importance estimates to schedule recrawling of already-discovered pages. Image search engines are not very precise   , and even images that are of the queried name and thus considered as good results for human consumption  , might be ill-suited for face recognition tasks. In addition to this hypothesis  , if we assume Proposition 2 the visits to a page are done by random users  , we can analyze the popularity evolution for the search-dominant model. In the previous section  , we explained the main hypothesis of the search-dominant model  , Proposition 3  , that shows how visit popularity is related to the simple popularity. This approach aims to reduce the bias introduced through human defined search terms. Two annotators then assign each of these terms as relevant or not to UK- EU discussion and the relevant terms are used to search the wider random set to expand the topic specific set. Query mix -Each index structure was tested in a " normal " update environment by performing a mix of inserts  , searches  , and deletes. The queries were sampled at random from query log files of a commercial local search engine and the results correspond to businesses in our local search data; all queries are in English and contain up to 7 terms. Note that we refer to these as quality scores and not as relevance scores  , since they incorporate additional factors other than pure query relevance e.g. , distance. This gave us positive examples search historyonset  and negative examples search historyno onset  , one example per user. For users who did not transition to a condition at any point in their log data  , we used and subtracted a random number of days from 1−7 days from that data. This search necessity is a result of the attribute randomization phase encoding  where mapping of original attributes is many to one. The random replacement of duplicate attribute codes as well as the normal randomization of the original attributes necessitates a search for original descriptor/requestor attribute matches subsequent to bucket address decoding during retrieval operation. Figure 5.1 shows that there was a big difference in accuracy between interest-based initial hub selection and random initial hub selection. In our experiments  , when less than 10% of the hubs were located within the search scope  , no hub routing was involved so that federated search completely relied on initial hub selection to reach the hubs. To evaluate the resulting context vectors  , we manually constructed a search query incorporating the ambiguous word and its most discriminating related words for each major word sense found. The provided navigational queries were submitted to the search site the same way they would be submitted in a realistic search scenario  , i.e. , through typing and clicking. Each latency value 0ms  , 250ms  , ..  , 1750ms was introduced five times and in a random order  , in combination with 40 randomly selected navigational queries. These studies were all large scale analyses based on random query streams  , but none focused on abandoned queries. A recent logs-based comparison of search patterns across modalities examined the distribution and variability of tasks that users perform  , and suggested that search usage is much more focused for the average mobile user than for the average computer-based user 12. Although all possible rankings for k = 10 did appear in real search results during the TREC ad-hoc and robust tracks  , the frequency with which each ranking appears is not uniform. As mentioned above  , search engines do not produce a random result set. Diankov and Kuffner propose a method called 'Randomized A*' 4  , primarily for dealing with discretization issues in continuous state spaces. This reaches a threshold as the search becomes more exhaustive in nature. Note that as the number of search points in the random selection increases  , the exploredlviewed space grows more uniformly measured as the standard deviation of the radius of every point in the viewed environment space. Variations of the approach can be applied to many other applications such as social search and blog search. The topic model can be implemented in many other ways and the random walk can run in either an offline mode or an online mode. In addition  , the MSN Search crawler already uses numerous spam detection heuristics  , including many described in 8. Therefore  , if we focus our attention only to this set of pages  , their relative popularity evolution will be similar to what our search-dominant model predicts. Moreover  , if random testing does not hit a new coverage point  , it can take advantage of the locally exhaustive search provided by concolic testing to continue from a new coverage point. In this way  , it avoids expensive constraint solving to perform exhaustive search in some part of the state space. We are gathering data from Twitter to create an archive on the debate surrounding the UK's inclusion in the European Union EU. When the search reaches a local minimum in terms of function P  , a preset number of random walks  , each of which is followed by a gradient motion  , are performed to escape the local minimum. The distance between q and q' is the search resolution. This control gave users only the search panel and the player  " tape recorder "  component described above. The overflow is low and as a consequence of this  , exhaustive search is nearly as good as the exhaustive search of the sequential signatums. Since the signature patterns am generated by using the random number generator  , the distribution of l's and O's within the signatures is uniform. First  , every database has different semantics  , which we can use to improve the quality of the keyword search. Keyword search in databases has some unique characteristics   , which make the straightforward application of the random walk model as described in previous work 9  , 19  , 27  inadequate. Agents can either locally try to find nodes that have been least visited or search for some random area in the environment. The effectiveness of the search behavior has an underlying dependence on the quality of the roadmap used by the agents. Selection of the words is random  , but the duplicates are not removed so the words with higher frequency in the page have higher chance of being selected. In this way the searcher has to fetch a page after every search attempt to search for the next word. All of the nondeterministic choices are made using the Verify.random function which is a special method of the program checker JPF that forces JPF to search every possible choice exhaustively i.e. , this is an exhaustive search not random testing. One of the receive transitions is chosen nondeterministically and the associated incoming message is returned. In general  , the construction and traversal of suffix trees results in " random-like access " 14  for a number of efficient in-memory construction methods 25  , 38. Furthermore  , the search in OASIS is driven by a suffix tree  , which results in significant pruning of the search space. I are presented along with an exhaustive search  , in Figure 8and table 1. The predefined queries were designed in a way to return relatively long search results lists. In particular  , we have conducted an experiment in which the subjects were asked to submit a number of random as well as predefined queries to the search engine of a digital library of teaching material through our prototype application . The collection of queries is a random sample of fully-anonymized queries in English submitted by Web users in 2006. The acquisition of open-domain knowledge relies on unstructured text available within a combination of Web documents maintained by  , and search queries submitted to the Google search engine. A vexing question that has plagued the use of technologyassisted review  " TAR "  is " when to stop " ; that is  , knowing when as much relevant information as possible has been found  , with reasonable effort. More formally  , if S is a random variable representing a search  , and acceptables is an indicator function denoting whether a particular search s has an acceptable result  , we define: Basically  , it shows how often the links with this property appear in the search results list. It is equipped with some search data structure usually a search tree that can be used to find the posting list associated with a given term. An inverted file is a collection of posting lists  , stored on a storage medium supporting random access. Our model predicts that it takes 60 times longer for a new page to become popular under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model. Our result shows that search engines can have an immensely worrisome impact on new Web pages. The second part of the table shows the slowdown of the tests generated by basic random compared to the tests generated by BALLERINA  , when run on the same number of cores. This is not surprising for search problems 36  , because the search finishes as soon as one core finds the bug. Thus  , every participant used all three search interfaces but the order in which participants used the interfaces and the task for which a given interface was used varied systematically across participants. The main area of the screen shows one random map which was among the top-ten ranked search results for this query. A screenshot of the experiment application is shown in Figure 2: the title bar displays a single search query  , selected randomly from the collection. This provides a degree of privacy  , but it makes search logs less useful by inserting additional noise that makes a user's general interests difficult to discern. The TrackMeNot project 12   , for example   , inserts random queries into the stream of queries issued by a user  , with the intent of making it harder for a search engine company to determine a particular user's interests. Lower bounds – random and round robin: To establish a lower bound on performance  , the effectiveness of a round robin technique was measured: ranking the fused documents based solely on their rank position from source search engines. To establish an upper bound on our experimental results  , local search on full document text 2 was also conducted. The mutation enables the exploration of solutions within the same product  , while the crossover operation enables to switch to another product an further explore it with subsequent random mutations. The GA-FL approach is capable of reaching any possible solution from the search space  , as it can move across the search space in any direction. In other words  , search based on the user model required a much smaller number of query messages and thus a much higher efficiency in order to achieve similar accuracy. Overall  , search started with random initial hub selection needed to rely on a much larger search scope and full-text hub selection for query routing among the hubs in order to obtain accuracy comparable to that started with interestbased initial hub selection. Apart from Bharat and Broder  , several other studies used queries to search engines to collect random samples from their indices. This is very different from what we do in this paper: our techniques do not propose any changes to current search engine architecture and do not rely on internal data of the search engine; moreover  , our goal is to sample from the whole index and not from the result set of a particular query. Figure 3shows the quality of the results of our heuristic search vs. the quality of the results of the non-heuristic expanding search 1 a random page is chosen for expansion since hyperlinks are un-weighted compared to the optimal exhaustive search. The intuition behind expanding according to the inverse uf is that among pages with similar IR scores  , pages with low uf are more likely to contain a short focused text fragment relevant to the query keywords. Another suggestion was to provide different forms of help such as having a librarian at the "front desk"  , a search box and a random book selector. One suggestion was that the library could be divided into different areas: a study area to allow reading or browsing; b librarian area to make enquiries; c games area to play games; d dictionary area to search for meanings of words; and e actual library to search for books. This is needed to prevent the search space from becoming too sparse prematurely  , as under the multiplicative CoNMF update rules  , zero entries lead to a disconnected search space and result in overly localized search. We propagate the M ik = 1 entries as-is in W s   , but importantly  , set all M ik = 0 entries to a random number r in the range 0  , 1  , instead of 0. We learned embeddings for more than 126.2 million unique queries  , 42.9 million unique ads  , and 131.7 million unique links  , using one of the largest search data set reported so far  , comprising over 9.1 billion search sessions collected on Yahoo Search. The dimensionality of the embedding space was set to d = 300  , the window size was set to 5 and the number or random negative samples per vector update was set to 5. As such  , in an SSD-based search engine infrastructure  , the benefit of a cache hit should now attribute to both the saving of the random read and the saving of the subsequent sequential reads for data items that are larger than one block. Specifically  , Fig- ure 1shows that the cost of a random read is only about two times of a sequential read in SSD. In comparison to Balmin  , Hristidis  , and Papakonstantinou  , 2004 where random walks are used on a document semantic similarity graph  , our work uses the authorship information to enhance keyword search. We build a random walk over the heterogeneous multidimensional composite matrix in a non-rooted manner  , to find the overall importance or influence of the users in our forum corpus  , referred to as the AuthorityScore for the users in our corpus. This means that both documents are guaranteed to belong to the result set of a query consisting of the shared term/phrase. Because the small programs apparently contained no errors  , the comparison was in terms of coverage or rate of mutant killing 21  , not in terms of true error detection  , which is the best measure to evaluate test input generation techniques. While it is perhaps no surprise to the information retrieval community that active learning generally outperforms random training 22  , this result has not previously been demonstrated for the TAR Problem  , and is neither well known nor well accepted within the legal community. For both search engines  , added delays under 500ms were not easily noticeable by participants not better than random prediction while added delays above 1000ms could be noticed with very high likelihood. For example  , when the added latency was 750ms  , the likelihood of participants to feel the added latency was not different than random in case of SE slow   , but they were able to notice the added latency with much higher likelihood around 0.82 probability in case of SE fast . One focus group participant described the ability to browse as a facility supported in shops  , but not in the music resources that he consults on the WWW: " You also can't choose random CDs  , which I suppose is the advantage of shops as you can just search at random. " Moving between the two activities may be awkward or disorienting  , making it difficult to maintain a sense of direction of focus. Once the minima are found for all objects to be placed  , the locations at which the real objects need to be placed by the robot are then given by the locations to which the object profiles have been moved. In the Greenstone-based MELDEX 1 music retrieval system  , for example  , the browse and search screens are functionally separated—it is not possible  , for example  , to locate an interesting song and then directly move to browsing a list of other songs in that genre. This confirms that the search of CnC is much more directed and deeper  , yet does not miss any errors uncovered by random testing. As can be seen in the table  , CnC detects all the errors found by JCrasher with only a fraction of the test cases except for UB-Stack  , where JCrasher found few opportunities to create random data conforming to the class's interface and slightly fewer reports. So that they would not become accustomed to the rate of the digits and hence switch attention to the dual task in a rhythmic fashion rather than maintaining attention on the dual task  , the digits were timed to have a mean inter-digit interval of 5 seconds with a uniform random variation around this mean of 1.5 seconds. In traditional search engine architecture using HDD in the document servers  , the latency from receiving the query and document list from the web server to the return of the query result is dominated by the k random read operations that seek the k documents from the HDD see Figure 9a. With a 4KB page size  , retrieving a document from the disk thus requires one random seek read and a few more sequential reads. Because the queries of " broad " interest-based initial hub selection  , "narrow" categories interest-based initial hub selection  , "broad" categories random initial hub selection  , "narrow" categories random initial hub selection  , "broad" categories As shown in Figure 5.2  , initial hub selection without user modeling content/performance-based underperformed that with user modeling interest-based due to the inability to identify uncharacteristic queries not related to search history. The accuracy for content-based or performance-based methods was calculated over all the queries. An alternative approach 14  , 18  , 1 1 tries to capture the topology of the free space by building a graph termed roadmap whose nodes correspond to random  , collision-free configurations and whose edges represent path availability between node pairs. Initial work on randomized motion planning exploited a potential field to drive the search for a path in the configuration space  , and combined gradient-based motions and random walks to escape local minima 3. The second heuristic called " lowest-occupancy " drives to the parking space with the lowest prior probability of being occupied and then searches for the next free parking spot in a random walk fashion. The first heuristic called " search-near-goal " drives to the parking space that is closest to the target location and then searches for the next free parking spot in a random walk fashion . Although the PSO has the stochastic property  , i.e. , it makes random choices  , each run converges to the same value for the objective function due to the reason that the selected termination criteria are sufficient. The optimization is implemented with MATLAB  , where the procedure is initialized with random start values within search spaces  , and a total of 20 independent runs are carried out on a personal computer. We also compute the expected costs and payoffs if the developer examines the generated plausible SPR and Prophet patches in a random order. For each system and each search space configuration  , we compute over the 24 defects that have correct patches in the full SPR and Prophet search space 1 the total number of patches the developer reviews this number is the cost and 2 the total number of defects for which the developer obtains a correct patch this number is the payoff. According to this construction when we compute this average  , the precision of a document visited k times will contribute to the mean with a k/n weight. This problem of the user not finding any any relevant document in her scanned set of documents is defined as query abandonment. In particular   , for an ambiguous query such as eclipse  , the search engine could either take the probability ranking principle approach of taking the " best guess " intent and showing the results  , or it could choose to present search results that maximize the probability of a user with a random intent finding at least one relevant document on the results page. A set of 275 random English address queries  , both structured and unstructured  , covering geographic regions from the United States and India were collected from users and user location search query logs. For each English query  , the gold standard geographic location Latitude  , Longitude was obtained by majority consensus among multiple commercial location search engines  , namely  , Google Maps™  , Windows Live Local™  , and Yahoo Maps™  , or by manually locating it on a map. The idea of constructing search trees from the initial and goal configurations comes from classical AI bidirectional search  , and an overview of its use in previous motion planning methods appears in 12 . We present a simple path planning method called RRT-Connect that combines Rapidly-exploring Random Trees RRTs 18 with a simple greedy heuristic that aggressively tries to connect two trees  , one from the initial configuration and the other from the goal. There have been several recent studies suggesting that a large percentage of web browsing sessions start by a visit to a search engine  , expressing a query for their need  , and following links suggested by the search engine. This basic paradigm makes many simplifying assumptions  , and in particular one might object that it is impossible for a user to choose a page uniformly at random or even to know what URLs there are to choose from. A peer implementation conforms to its interface  , if all the call sequences to the Communicator are accepted by the finite state machine defining the peer interface. As before  , we selected 5000 random examples  , with an equal number of positives search history+onsetinterruption and negatives search history+onsetno interruption. For this task  , we can use all features preceding the onset and also the features of the onset itself  , such as the condition type e.g. , serious illness or benign explanation  , the transition e.g. , escalation or non-escalation  , and the time taken to perform the transition . We produce five queries with 9 variables  , and five with 12  , and for each query we generate 500 random solutions in a dataset of 1 ,000 uniformly distributed rectangles with density 0.5 density is defined as the sum of all rectangle areas divided by the workspace. In order to comprehend the behavior of hill climbing under different combinations of search strategies  , we first study the search space for configuration similarity. This indicates that by modeling user interests  , initial hub selection based on the interest each query represented was much more effective in choosing the hubs that cover most relevant contents. However   , this work does not say anything regarding the right sample size if we want to estimate a measure in the query log itself  , for example  , the fraction of queries that mention a location or a given topic. On the other hand  , in 9 it is shown that a random query sample of 650 queries is sufficient to reliably estimate if a search engine is better than another search engine. Commercial systems like AltaVista Image Search only index the easy-to-see image captions like text-replacement  " ALT "  strings  , achieving good precision accuracy in the images they retrieve but poor recall thoroughness in finding relevant images. Just indexing multimedia through text search engines is quite imprecise; in a random sample we took  , only 1.4% of the text on Web pages with images described those images. Most of the previous research on predicting ad clickthrough focuses on learning from the content of displayed ads e.g. , 12  , 27  , but did not take into account the session-level search context and the individual user behavior. Another approach is to model random walk on the click graph 13  , which considers a series of interactions within a search page  , but not session-level context or behavior information. Moreover  , we enhance our random walk model by a novel teleportation approach which lets us go beyond the original web graph by connecting pages that have a good chance of being influential for each other in terms of their search impact. To infer these two measures for a newly discovered web page  , we exploit the observed click and view counts of its referring pages which were previously shown in search results. Our work differs from them as we use prime path coverage  , which subsumes all other graph coverage criteria  , to generate the event sequences. Unlike TrimDroid  , these approaches focus on the construction of models for testing that are covered using a depth-first search strategy for generation of event sequences and random input data. This result is because most of the user traffic is directed to popular pages under the search-dominant model. Thus  , if search engines can identify high quality pages early on and promote them for a relatively short period  , the pages can achieve its eventual popularity significantly earlier than under the random-surfer model. As Figure 10 shows  , once a page starts to get noticed by Web users  , its popularity can jump almost immediately as long as the page is of high quality. Given ℐ −   , instead of exhaustively considering all possible element subsets of ℐ −   , we apply a hill-climbing method to search for a local optimum  , starting from a random -facet interface ℐ . This is in line with the idea of avoiding large overlap between facets Section 4.2. To support the application  , each document that matches a query has to be retrieved from a random location on a disk. Having a " private " search engine would enable an NLP application to issue a much larger number of queries quickly  , but efficiency is still a problem. This subset size corresponds to a scenario where the pages are evenly distributed over a 16-node search engine   , which is the typical setup in our lab. For our experiments we used a subset of 7.5 million pages selected at random from a crawl of about 120 million web pages crawled by the PolyBot web crawler 34 in October of 2002. Our insight on parallelization opportunities emerged from our recent investigation of how the order in which a state-space is searched influences the cost and effectiveness of detecting errors 6 . Higher bounds 14GB and four hours were used for BoundedBuffer in order to evaluate the PRSS technique on a program with a larger state-space. EXSYST overcomes this problem by testing through the user interface  , rather than at the API level. V. RELATED WORK Recent code-based techniques such as random testing 9  , dynamic symbolic execution 3  , or search-based testing 5 can achieve high code coverage  , yet suffer from problems of nonsensical tests and false failures. However  , this paper does not discuss upper bounds and does not define a crawling scheme that sets to download higher quality documents earlier in the crawl. in an Internet search engine  , we will see that there is a wide variety of pages that will provide advice vendors of cleaning products  , helpful hints specialists  , random chroniclers who have experienced the situation before  , etc. For example  , if we make the rather uncommon query " How do I remove tree sap from my car ? " Chuang and Chien proposed a technique for categorizing Web query terms from the click-through logs into a pre-defined subject taxonomy based on their popular search interests 4 . They analyzed a random subset of 20 ,000 queries from a single month of their approximately 1-million queries-per-week traffic. We apply random walks up to a restricted number of steps. Although our data set may not correspond to a " random sample " of the web  , we believe that our methods and the numbers that we report in this paper still have merit for the following reasons . The model is based on a decomposition of the surface of the earth into small grid cells; they assume that for each grid cell x  , there is a probability px that a random search from this cell will be equal to the query under consideration. They use queries with location obtained by IP addresses  , and develop a probabilistic framework for quantifying spatial variation. In this paper we describe the use of collective post-search browsing behavior of many users for this purpose. However  , given the rapid growth in Web usage  , it is now possible to leverage the collective browsing behavior of many users as an improvement over random or directed traversals of the Web graph. To validate the above strategy  , we collect two groups of more than 140K samples from the search API  , users whose name match popular and unpopular < 1000 users surnames   , in Sep 2012. Note that the timing of each one of the random datasets is aligned with a LCC dataset. We used both the institutions " internal search engines and customized Google queries to locate research data policies. We identified twenty high-output research institutions consisting of six private and fourteen public institutions using SPSSgenerated random numbers and matching them to institutions in the Carnegie Classification: Research Universities – Very High Research Activity group 1. We then continue with the depth first search of the tree until complete. Having determined the net sample size for a particular leaf  , we extract a simple random sample with replacement of this size from the records on the leaf this is trivial. The results  , shown in Figure 10  , indicate very good range search performance for query selectivities greater than 0.5%  , and sufficiently good even at smaller query selectivities. of the window for each attribute was a random fraction of the domain range for that attribute. However  , it has a weakness in that it requires two distance computations at every node during a search and is limited to a branching factor of two. Now  , recursively build both branches  , This method is an improvement in that it is symmetric and the tree struc-ture still tends to be well balanced assuming sufficiently random selection of the two points. As with other methods  , to the best of our knowledge no quantitative tests for bias have been performed. With both the pool based and random walk samplers  , " little or no " bias was seen due to document size  , and no " significant bias " due to the static document rank used by their search sytem. These motivated the use of document cache to improve the latency. For each query  , we got the top results from each of these search providers  , and merged and deduplicated these to get 17 ,741 unique documents. 510 queries drawn from a held-out mix of frequent and random HSC queries were used to test this subweb. These results were then presented in a random order to independent annotators in a double-blind manner. Based on the block-based index structure  , however  , the search execution is much more efficient. Expanding phrase B with phrases A and C based on the traditional inverted index structure requires locating the three separate posting lists through random access followed by two merge operations. In this task  , the search latency was increased by a fixed amount that ranged from 0 to 1750ms  , using a step of 250ms. Because Clarity computation is expensive  , we calculated Clarity only for a random subset of 600 queries drawn from our original query set. To compute Clarity for a query  , we use a query model built from the top 50 results returned by the search engine. These users specifically commented that they had low expectations for results  , because the words were just too " common " or because the search just was not precise enough. Six of the fourteen subjects recognized that the query to be or not to be might be problematic and result in " random " results. Finally  , we combine the proposed technique and various baselines under a machine learning model to show further improvements. The total number of randomly inserted citations in the full dataset reached almost 4.3 million. To be able to search for long  , meaningful paths  , we have replaced the current few citations with a list of randomly created citations 1 to 10 random citations to papers selected from all of the previous years in the knowledge base  , using a normal distribution. One of the authors then visually investigated a random sample of over a hundred replays of interactions on the search result pages made by real users. This included an outline highlighting the viewable area of the Web page based on the dimensions of the Web browser viewport  , since this would change according to the users' screen resolution and their scrolling. As shown in Figure 1I  , to make sure that every participant was familiar with the experiment procedure  , an example task was used for demonstration in the Pre-experiment Training stage I.1. Each participant was asked to complete all of the 12 search tasks in a random order. There are other ways of improving performance of query optimizers  , and research efforts also need to be directed towards better modeling of random events  , underlying database organization and compile time eventsll. Finally  , performance of heuristic search based semantic query optimization needs to be evaluated in a real database environ- ment. For the CONTIGUOUS method the answer is always: 1; the dashed line corresponds to this performance  , and is plotted for comparison purposes. The only difference was that it had far fewer relevant documents than the rest  , making it more likely to amplify random differences in user search strategies. The mason for this query being an outlier is not clear  , as the subject matter for this query was not markedly different from the others. The position of the random item within the list of 11 items was randomly drawn for each owner. 10 recommended items were selected according to one of the seven profiles  , as described in Section 3  , while an extra item was randomly selected from the social search index to serve as a lower-bound baseline. In addition  , the more advanced search modules of SMART re-index the top documents  , and can detect the false match. In practice the chance that a random document containing a false match would also match the rest of the user's query is very small. As more subgoals are generated and path segments are generated between them with the heuristic strategy  , they will form a graph that approximates the connectivity of the cspace 6119. For example  , in the control condition  , the camera oriented toward regions of space that had been salient in the experimental condition. It should be noted that the control condition in our experiment was designed to be particularly difficult  , much harder than random search. This method has been combined with a random path search system in those cases in which the problem involves systems with a high number of degrees of freedom ll. Voronoi diagrams are surfaces constructed in such a way as to be equidistant from the obstacles and  , thus  , moving along these surfaces  , there is the certainty of not encountering any obstacles lo. This ultimately makes the GA coiiverge more accurately to a value arbitrarily close to the optimal solution. The random determination of step size allows discontinuous jumps in the parameter interval  , and then golden section is used to control the search direction. By contrast  , the CMP-FL approach is bounded by the input of the user and only explores solutions within the product provided as input; thus  , some areas of the search space cannot be reached. Text re-use has a number of applications including restatement retrieval 1  , near duplicate detection 2 ,3  , and automatic plagiarism detection 4 ,5. Parameters for the random walk models were optimized via conjugate gradient with line search. To do this  , we split the citations of the small datasets into training and testing sets and compared the performance of models learned on the training sets to " unlearned " models whose feature weights were all set equal to the same constant " 1. " Finally we show the performance of our evaluation method for five different search engine tests and compare the results with fully editorially judged ∆DCG. We show our method significantly outperforms theirs on a random sample of queries in all frequency ranges. Further  , we would assume that if the experiment were reversed   , and we used as our test set a random sample from Google's query stream  , the results of the experiment would be quite different. 6 Thus we cannot conclude from this evaluation that social search will be equally successful for all kinds of questions. We also implemented this scheme but did not observe any improvement in search quality  , compared to the random landmark selection scheme. 22  study a number of heuristics for landmark selection   , and report a centrality-based heuristic to work best across their experiments. With r > 0  , the partitioning property that we prove for our scheme allows for maintaining space and time efficiency while using whole seed sets instead of single node landmarks to approximate the distances. At first blush  , the problem seems deceptively easy: why not just replace usernames with random identifiers ? The open question to date is if there even exists a way to publish search logs in a perturbed fashion in a manner that is simultaneously useful and private. A higher order language model in general reduces perplexity  , especially when we compare the unigram models with the ngram models. Their model estimated the transition probabilities between two queries via an inner product-based similarity measurement. This result strongly indicates that we need to devise a new mechanism to " promote " new pages  , so that new pages have higher chance to be " discovered " by people and get the attention that they may deserve. Our result predicts that it takes 66 times longer under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model in order for a page to become popular! The result shows that with our strategy of P.  , the statistical average query traffic is decreased by 37.78%. We can use R. F. to denote the baseline  , which adjust the parameter of a BF by optimizing false positive and search query terms in a random order. A chi-squared test found no significant difference in the number of participants beginning work across the nine conditions. No mention was made of pay conditions  , ad conditions or random assignment  , and a search on turkernation .com  , a discussion forum for Mechanical Turk workers  , found no mention of either experiment. In these experiments  , each account logs into Google and then browses 5 random pages from 50 demographically skewed websites each day. Finally  , we investigate whether Google Search personalizes results based on Web browsing history i.e. , by tracking users on third-party Web sites. When the call returns an object  , the comparison may in turn require a recursive check for the observational equivalence of the returned objects. To this end  , one can segment user browsing behavior data into sessions  , and extract all " browse → search " patterns. Given a page  , the task is to predict a ranked list of SearchTrigger queries that a random user may want to issue after reading the page  , based on historical user browsing behavior data. Therefore  , concolic testing is unlikely to reveal the ERROR in testme in a reasonable amount of time. Random search w as found only useful to check whether a given quality criterion is eeective on a speciic data set or not. Even for synthetic data  , for which the relevant subset of dimensions is known ,only a subset of the relevant dimensions was found. Nevertheless  , we anticipate that pattern-matching operations on NEUMES data as distinct from literal string matching will be required during melodic search and comparison operations. Typically  , a Web browser interprets an HTML file just once  , in sequential order  , and so the semantics of character data do not need to be spot-checked by 'random access'. The traversal of the suffix link to the sibling sub-tree and the subsequent search of the destination node's children require random accesses to memory over a large address space. A majority of cache misses occur after traversing a suffix link to a new subtree and then examining each child of the new parent. We expect that multiple settings make sense in all non-trivial ObjectRank applica- tions. In many retrieval settings  , high precision search is especially important because users are unlikely to scroll deep into a document ranking. While GeM fared poorly on the second random grouping for TREC-7  , its performance on other runs was very good. And  , unlike Borgman's sample  , these instructors reported very idiosyncratic search practices ranging from almost random to more systematic patterns combining searching and browsing behaviors. In contrast  , the population of STEM instructors in our focus groups included non-users or potential users from a variety of colleges and universities who were not necessarily innovators. The Random Projection Rtree addresses the problem by projecting all ellipsoids onto a fixed set of k randomly selected lines. The bounding boxes contain a large fraction of " dead space "   , i.e. , volume that is outside the ellipsoid  , which creates many false positives during search. Such highly nonuniform distributions of data points will significantly affect search performance. For example  , if we take a random set of words out of a book  , we are working in the space of all strings over a certain alphabet  , but in this particular case we are much more likely to encounter some strings  , like " the "   , than others  , like " xyzzy " . Since the " simple " approach to determine the value of social navigation cues in the search interface provided little insight  , we had to use a more advanced approach. These two features are essentially one-step random walk features in a more general context 13. The last two rows are search log based term features for industry dataset  , which calculate the probability of e in similar queries and their clicked documents. So  , if we consider that the user started the walk at some document  , it is usually possible to find even candidates not directly mentioned in this document. An additional lower bound based on randomly sorting the fused ranking was also measured. Binary independence results for a random database with the seed of 1985 are given in 3BS and 4BS  , while results for a two Poisson independence search are given in 3PS and 4PS. If a term occurs more than once  , it is given a value of one for the binary indecendence model. Another body of work attempts to address privacy concerns differently. However  , the more efficient compressors such as PH and RPBC are not that fast at searching or random decompression  , because they are not self-synchronizing. It has been long established that semistatic word-based byte-oriented compressors such as those considered in this paper are useful not only to save space and time  , but also to speed up sequential search for words and phrases. Neither do the similar queries retrieved via random walks SQ1 and SQ3 provide very useful expansion terms since most of the similar queries are simply different permutations of the same set of terms. As expected   , the QE method using a word translation model TM1 fails to improve the search performance. The key of most techniques is to exploit random projection to tackle the curse of dimensionality issue  , such as Locality-Sensitive Hashing LSH 20   , a very well-known and highly successful technique in this area. Instead of solving the exact similarity search for high dimensional indexing  , recent years have witnessed active studies of approximate high-dimensional indexing techniques 20  , 14  , 25  , 3  , 8  , 11. Most of these approaches focus on enhancing user search experiences by providing related queries to expand searches 29. 28 built two bipartite graphs by leveraging both click and skip information from query logs and used an optimal random walk and combination model to determine query correlations. Random testing  , when used to find a test case for a specific testing target e.g. , a test case that triggers a failure or covers a particular branch/path follows a geometric distribution. This choice was motivated by the fact that half the publications in search-based software engineering are on software testing 25. That said  , even if passive learning is enhanced using a keyword-selected seed or training set  , it is still dramatically inferior to active learning. A character-level FM-INDEX for a text can be stored in a fraction of the space occupied by the text itself  , and provides pattern search and with small overhead random-access decoding from any location in the text. Building on the suffix array   , it also incorporates ideas embedded in the Burrows-Wheeler transform. In this paper  , we adopt the approach taken in 12  , where controlled queries are created  , as opposed to probabilistically generating random queries as suggested in 3 . Querying: To provide the queries that will be issued during simulated search sessions  , we needed to generate a number of queries per topic. In particular  , we propose a novel random walk model that incorporates the inferred search impact of pages into the standard connectivity-based page importance computation. The main contribution of this work is a hybrid frontier prioritization approach that combines the two lines of work mentioned above. 1Queries containing random strings  , such as telephone numbers — these queries do not yield coherent search results  , and so the latter cannot help classification around 5% of queries were of this kind. We scrutinized the cases when external knowledge did not improve query classification  , and identified three main causes for such lack of improvement. They are not specifically interested in image search  , however  , but use image data because it has features that suit the research questions on that paper. 4 explore random walk models on the click graph for propagating click information to URLs which have not been clicked. The query suggestion component involves random walks and can be configured to consider the most recent n queries. They looked at two applications of query flow graphs: 1 identifying sequences of queries that share a common search task and 2 generating query recommendations. In the latter group  , a number of query synthesis methods exist  , either synthesizing new queries with active user participation  , or directly without any user input. The former group of methods can be divided into those that exploit query co-occurrences in the search logs  , and those that leverage the document click information such as random walks over query-document bipartite graphs. The artificial data was generated as decribed in 2 from random cubic polynomials. We conducted experiments on three different datasets; two are real Web datasets from a commercial search engine and one is an artificial dataset 2 created to remove any variance caused by the quality of features and/or relevance labels. However  , the conventional G A applications generate a random initial population without using any expert knowledge. In other search engines such as Hill-Climbing  , it is clear that starting from a good location can significantly improve chances for convergence to an optimal solution in a much shorter time. In Fig.6we graph the average cost as a function of iteration for a random generated 10-station 1 00-train problem solving by local search with cycle detection. Since the repair functions are probabilistic  , we calculated average results over five repeated trials for each experiment. There are some that are designed for many dof manipulators based on random 2 Brownian motion  , sequential IO  backtracking with virtual obstacles  , or parallel 3 genetic opti-mization search. Most implemented path planners have been developed for mobile robots and manipulators with a few degrees of freedom dof. Content creator-owned tagging systems those without a collaborative component  , especially suffer from inconsistent and idiosyncratic tagging. For example  , consider the likelihood of a user utilizing the tags shown in Table 2  , a small random sample of tags that only occur once in our data sample  , in order to browse or search for content. Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. A system that can effectively propose relevant tags has many benefits to offer the blogging community. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. In all  , we collected and analyzed 225 responses from a total of 10 different judges. While TagAssist did not outperform the original tag set  , the performance is significantly better than the baseline system without tag compression and case evaluation. The system takes a new  , untagged post  , finds other blog posts similar to it  , which have already been tagged  , aggregates those tags and recommends a subset of them to the end user. Similar to 18  , 20 introduces a system  , TagAssist  , designed to suggest tags for blog posts. The judges were asked to read each post and then check the boxes next to tags they thought were appropriate for the post. One of the interesting results from our human evaluation is the relevance score for the original tags assigned to a blog post. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. Our method resulted in a precision of 42.10% and the baseline came in third with a precision of 30.05%. Given that our system is trained off this data  , we believe we can drastically improve the performance of our system by identifying the blog posts have been effectively tagged  , meaning that the tags associated with the post are likely to be considered relevant by other users. Word embedding techniques seek to embed representations of words. A brief introduction to word embedding. We begin with a brief introduction to word embedding techniques and then motivate how can these be applied in IR. So  , when tackling the phrase-level sentiment classification  , we form a sentence matrix S as follows: for each token in a tweet  , we have to look up its corresponding word embedding in the word matrix W  , and the embedding for one of the two word types. Each word type is associated with its own embedding. In this paper  , we propose a new Word Embedding-based metric  , which we instantiate using 8 different Word Embedding models trained using different datasets and different parameters. However  , it remains to be seen whether Word Embedding can be effectively used to evaluate the coherence of topics in comparison with existing metrics. In this work  , we use a similar idea as word embedding to initialize the embedding of user and item feature vectors via additional training data. Recently  , it becomes popular to use pre-train of word embedding for NLP applications 17  , by first training on a large unlabeled data set  , then use the trained embedding in the target supervised task. If a word has no embedding  , the word is considered as having no word semantic relatedness knowledge. 6 For the BaiduQA dataset  , we train 100-dimensional word 20. We proposed a new Word Embedding-based topic coherence metric  , and instantiated it using 8 different WE models. In future work  , we will explore how the Word Embedding training parameters affect the coherence evaluation task. Current approaches of learning word embedding 2  , 7  , 15  focus on modeling the syntactic context. The work presented by 12  , 16  proves that the features of a sentence/document can be learnt through its word embedding. We adopt the skip-gram approach to obtain our Word Embedding models. Therefore  , in this paper  , we propose new Word Embedding-based metrics to capture the coherence of topics . a single embedding is inaccurate for representing multiple topics. Using a single word embedding to represent multiple such topics may result in embeddings that conflate them  , i.e. Hence  , the input sentence matrix is augmented with an additional set of rows from the word type embeddings . The embedding of the word vectors enables the identification of words that are used in similar contexts to a specufic word. Word embedding as technique for representing the meaning of a word in terms other words  , as exemplified by the Word2vec ap- proach 7 . Intuitively  , the sentence representation is computed by modeling word-level coherence. In the first phase  , we learn the sentence embedding using the word sequence generated from the sentence. As mentioned in Section 3.2  , a parameter is required to determine the semantic relatedness knowledge provided by the auxiliary word embeddings.  WMD  , a word embedding-based framework using the Word Mover's Distance 15  to measure the querydocument relevance  , based on a word embedding vector set trained from Google News 19. The lower bound of wilson confidence interval for this ratio in multiple sessions is used as the final feature value. From a statistical language modeling perspective  , meaning of a word can be characterized by its context words. Neural word embedding methods12  , 13  , 14 represent each word by a real-valued dense word vector. By a separately trained word embedding model using large corpus in a totally unsupervised fashion  , we can alleviate the negative impact from limited word embedding training corpus from only labeled queries. After word segmentation we get a sequence of meaningful words from each text query. In order to address these concerns  , we propose to represent contexts of entities in documents using word embeddings. To define the embedding for a set of words W   , we define g : W → v W ∈ R d that computes embedding as: Using WE word representation models  , scholars have improved the performance of classification 6  , machine translation 16  , and other tasks. Recently  , Word Embedding WE has emerged as a more effective word representation than  , among others  , LSA 8  , 9  , 10. Inspired by the superior results obtained by the neural language models  , we present a two-phase approach  , Doc2Sent2Vec  , to learn document embedding. The parameter vector of each ranking system is learned automatically . The results shown in Table 5 compare the LR system introduced in 46 with a number of systems that use word embeddings in the one-and two-vocabulary settings  , as follows: LR+WE 1 refers to combining the one-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the six features of the LR system from 46  , LR+WE 2 refers to combining the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the LR system  , WE 1 refers to using only the one-vocabulary wordembedding-based features  , and WE 2 refers to using only the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features. The BWESG-based representation of word w  , regardless of its actual language  , is then a dim-dimensional vector: The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. We also use as baselines two types of existing effective metrics based on PMI and LSA. In our case  , we use a random sample of tweets crawled from a different time period to train our word embedding vectors. More concretely  , to automatically construct the lexical paraphrase matrix we follow a simple three-step procedure: Learn Word Embeddings: Learn a set of word embedding vectors using Word2vec 9  on a background corpus containing the same type of documents that are to be expanded. RQ3: Do the word embedding training heuristics improve the ranking performance  , when added to the vanilla Skip-gram model ? RQ2: Do word embeddings trained on different corpora change the ranking performance ? To build the word embedding matrix W W W   , we extract the vocabulary from all tweets present in TMB2011 and TMB2012. We use word embeddings of size 50 — same as for the previous task. We describe how we train the Word Embedding models in Section 5. If two words are semantically similar  , the cosine similarity – as per Equation 3 – of their word vectors is higher. The elements are encoded using only two word types: the tokens spanning the phrase to be predicted are encoded with 1s and all the others with 0s. Next  , we present the details of the proposed model GPU-DMM. As shown in Figure 1  , the auxiliary word embeddings utilized in GPU-DMM is pre-learned using the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques from large document collections. A typical approach is to map a discrete word to a dense  , low-dimensional  , real-valued vector  , called an embedding 19. However   , words are discrete by nature; it seems nonsensical to feed word indexes to DNNs. The resulting vocabulary contains 150k words out of which only 60% are found in the word embeddings model. We create an embedding feature for each attribute using these word vectors as follows. We used pre-trained 500 dimensional word vectors 4 that put semantically related words close together in space. Intuitively  , affirmative negated words are mapped to the affirmative negated representations  , which can be used to predict the surrounding words and word sentiment in affirmative negated context. Here we propose to learn the affirmative and negated word embedding simultaneously . We omit Raw for word-sequence embedding w W S because there is no logic in comparing word-sequence vectors of two different documents. Note that " Raw " means k-NN search based on vectors w BW and w W C . Each dimension in the vector captures some anonymous aspect of underlying word meanings. This paper explores the use of word embeddings of enhance IR effectiveness. We separately evaluate the utility of temporal modeling via staleness by introducing the Staleness only method that includes the F t features. In order to evaluate the effect of adding word embeddings  , we introduce two extensions to the baselines that use the embedding features: Embedding  , Single that uses a single embedding for every document F c e features  , and Embedding  , POS that maintains different embeddings for common nouns  , proper nouns and verbs F p e features; see Section 3.1 for details. This method needs lots of hierarchical links as its training data. Fu and Guo 2 proposed a method to learn taxonomy structure via word embedding. These metrics use Word Embedding models newly trained using the separate Twitter background dataset  , but making use of the word2vec 5 tool. WE metrics using word2vec 4. Theoretically   , word embedding model is aiming to produce similar vector representation to words that are likely to occur in the same context. We utilize word vectors trained on large corpus to rephrase the sentence automatically. Finally  , Section 5 concludes the paper. Federated search is a well-explored problem in information retrieval research. In this paper  , we use the word-embedding from 12 for weighing terms. an MS-Word document. The second approach is to launch G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in some document  , e.g. These metrics are instantiated using Word Embedding models from Wikipedia 4 and Twitter  , pre-trained using the GloV e 12 tool. WE metrics using GloV e 4. Table 1summarizes the notations used in our models. In this section  , we will extend the above joint word-image embedding model to address our problem. Finally  , to compute term similarity we used publicly available 5 pre-trained word embedding vectors. 6.1 for details on the configuration of each tested model. Based on Word2Vec 6  , Doc2Vec produces a word embedding vector  , given a sentence or document. the main topic  , we utilize Doc2Vec 4. In the model  , bags-of-visual terms are used to represent images. Weston et al 30 propose a joint word-image embedding model to find annotations for images. This situation does not take the sentiment information into account. The objective of SG++ is to further incorporate negation. We also include an additional baseline that uses multi-task learning Caruana  , 1993 to learn separate parameters for each entity  , called Baseline  , Multi-task. LSTM outputs a representation ht for position t  , given by    , xT }  , where xt is the word embedding at position t in the sentence. We follow recent successes with word embedding similarity and use in this work: The closer the function's value is to 1 the more similar the two terms are. The relationships among words are embedded in their word vectors  , providing a simple way to compute aggregated semantics for word collections such as paragraphs and documents . The average pooling of word embedding vector utilizes word embeddings in a low-dimensional continuous space where relevant words are close to each other. Given the wide availability of standard word embedding software and word lists for most languages  , both resources are significantly easier to obtain than manually curating lexical paraphrases   , for example by creating WordNet synsets. We note that our method only relies on word embeddings and the availability of word lists to construct the paraphrase matrix. Specifically  , in this work we employ the SkipGram algo- rithm 25 which learns word embedding in an unsupervised way by optimizing the vector similarity of each word to context words in a small window around its occurrences in a large corpus. We therefore experimented with word clusters that are induced from embedded word vectors. A word embedding is a dense  , low-dimensional  , and realvalued vector associated with every word in a vocabulary such that they capture useful syntactic and semantic properties of the contexts that the word appears in. Therefore  , neural word embedding method such as 12  aims to predict context words by the given input word while at the same time  , learning a real-valued vector representation for each word. This objective is fulfilled by either having a layer to perform the transformation or looking up word vectors from a table which is filled by word vectors that are trained separately using additional large corpus. In many CNN based text classification models  , the first step is to convert word from one-hot sparse representation to a distributed dense representation using Word Embedding . Similarities are only computed between words in the same word list. : Finally  , we compute the cosine similarity sij ∈ ℜ between the embeddings of every word wi ∈ ℜ D   , wj ∈ ℜ D   , where D is the word embedding dimensionality  , and threshold the resulting similarities using a threshold θ ∈ ℜ. Two categories of word analogy are used in this task: semantic and syntactic. Given the word embeddings  , this task is solved by finding the word d * whose embedding is closest to the vector u b − ua + uc in terms of cosine proximity  , i.e. , d * = argmax d cos u b − ua + uc  , u d . Word- Net is an expensive resource that was relied upon by the LSH-FSD system of 11 to obtain high FSD effectiveness. Distance Computation between regional embeddings After learning word embeddings for each word w ∈ V  , we then compute the distance Figure 2: Semantic field of theatre as captured by GEODIST method between the UK and US. We set α = 0.025  , context window size m to 10 and size of the word embedding d to be 200 unless stated otherwise. In 18  , convolutional layers are employed directly from the embedded word sequence  , where embedded words are pre-trained separately. Methods like this rely on large labeled training set to cover as much words as possible  , so that we can take advantage of word embedding to get high quality word vectors. In our method  , we do the latter  , using already induced word embedding features in order to improve our system accuracy. One popular approach to improving accuracy by exploiting large datasets is to use unsupervised methods to create word features  , or to download word features that have already been produced Turian et al. , 2010. The idea of having bilingual contexts for each pivot word in each pseudo-bilingual document will steer the final model towards constructing a shared inter-lingual embedding space. 1 is to assure that each word w  , regardless of its actual language  , obtains word collocates from both vocabularies. Because of the compactness  , the embedding can be efficiently stored and compared. The comparison is based on Hamming Embedding  , which compresses a descriptor's 64 floating numbers into a single 64-bit word while preserving the ability to estimate the distance between descriptors. Then  , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space  , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context  , followed by their loss functions. First  , the basic Skip-gram model is extended by inserting a softmax layer  , in order to add the word sentiment polarity. First  , since the neural language model essentially exploits word co-occurrence in a text corpus   , for a label of relatively low occurrence  , its embedding vector could be unreliable for computing its similarity to images and other labels. We argue that several issues are overlooked in the semantic embedding method 9. Source code is often paired with natural language statements that describe its behavior. This effectively pushes the embeddings for the text words and the code tokens towards each other: if wt is a word embedding and w k is a token embedding  , both with the same norm  , the logistic sigmoid in Equation 1 is maximized when w k = wt. The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. The final model called BWE Skip-gram BWESG then relies on the monolingual variant of the skip-gram model trained on these shuffled pseudo-bilingual documents. From an embedding point of view  , θ d is document d's projection in a low-dimensional nonnegative topical embedding 7. The word distribution of each topic reveals different themes underlying a corpus while the topic distribution θ d of a document characterizes the themes the document is associated with. Specifically we discuss the learning of word embeddings   , the aligning of embedding spaces across different time snapshots to a joint embedding space  , and the utilization of a word's displacement through this semantic space to construct a distributional time series. In this section we present our distributional approach in detail. Further  , using a single Figure 7: Macro P-R-F1-SU over confidence cutoffs bedding Embedding  , Single outperforms multiple embeddings representations Embedding  , POS  , indicating word embeddings implicitly capture the various parts of speech in their representation. Our proposed models further improve upon the Baseline  , Multi-task. In future work  , we plan to investigate the utility of the two-vocabulary setting when training with both SE and NL corpora. The readers can find advanced document embedding approaches in 7. This is because we aim to compare the word embeddings with different approaches instead of finding the best method for document embeddings. For example  , the context around Obama during elections is quite different from the context for presidential speech or international visit. Three layers are presented in SG++  , namely the syntactic layer  , the affirmative layer and the negation one. In this paper  , we propose an advanced Skip-gram model SG++ to learn better word embedding and negation for Twitter sentiment classification efficiently. An input instance of DREAM model consists a series of baskets of items  , which are sequential transactions of a specific user. Recently  , RNN approaches to word embedding for sentence modeling 5  , sequential click prediction 10 ket recommendation. RQ4: Do the modified text similarity functions improve the ranking performance  , when compared with the original similarity function in 28 ? and word embedding for terms into a standalone version that can be applied to any document collection to facilitate efficient event browsing. Note that these events are not necessarily represented by a single sentence in Wikipedia. Induce the set of bilingual word embeddings BWE using the BWESG embedding learning model see sect. Given is a document-aligned comparable corpus in two languages LS and LT with vocabularies V S and V T . Then the model tries to learn a mapping from the image feature space to a joint space n R : To identify the usefulness of these WE-based metrics  , we conducted a large-scale pairwise user study to gauge human preferences. Therefore  , feature learning is an alternative way to learn discriminative features automatically from data. This is also our ongoing work. Questions QA pairs from categories other than those presented previously . The Word2vec model requires training in order to learn the word embedding space  , and this was realised using an additional corpus of Google news and Yahoo! Hence  , we use the entire input paragraph and compute a vector representation given a Doc2Vec model created on a Wikipedia corpus. For example  , word vector representations of xml and nonterminal are very similar for the W3C benchmark l2 norm. When examining words nearby query terms in the embedding space  , we found words to be related to the query term. Unlike these continuous space language models 30  , 31  , CLSM can project multi-word variable length queries into the embedding space. 29 further proposed models that can be trained on large scale datasets and extended the vector representations to phrases 30.  We generated QR codes by first converting PDF documents into Microsoft Word™ format and then embedding the QR tag in the document to be printed. We here discuss the design implications of our initial observations of the HCW prototype. Hence  , we are motivated to establish a novel approach  , not only focusing on learning sentiment-specific word embedding efficiently  , but also capturing the negation information. Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. In this paper  , we study the vector offset technique in the context of the CLSM outputs. Second  , term similarity with respect to the expertise domain is encoded in latent word features. Further more  , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. Each PS shard stores input and output vectors for a portion of the words from the vocabulary. In the conventional PS system  , the word embedding training can be implemented as follows. However  , researchers 13  , 44  , 45 have proposed methods to infer semantically related software terms  , and have built software-specific word similarity databases 41  , 42. To the best of our knowledge  , word embedding techniques have not been applied before to solve information retrieval tasks in SE. We expect that learning word embeddings on a larger corpora such that the percentage of the words present in the word embedding matrix W W W should help to improve the accuracy of our system. The performance of our model is on the par with the STRUCT model 27. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. The training objective is to find word representations such that the surrounding words the syntactic context can be predicted in a sentence or a document. The basic Skip-gram model we adopt here is introduced by 7 to learn word embedding from text corpus. The words that are highly relevant to the topic are then selected  , and their semantically related words are extracted and promoted by using the GPU model 18. Moreover  , similar to the situation observed with answer selection experiments  , we expect that using more training data would improve the generalization of our model. However  , these subjective evaluations do not tell whether and how word similarities can be used in solving IR tasks in SE. By embedding background knowledge constructed from Wikipedia  , we generate an enriched representation of documents  , which is capable of keeping multi-word concepts unbroken  , capturing the semantic closeness of synonyms  , and performing word sense disambiguation for polysemous terms. This goal is achieved with the use of Wikipedia. Computational infeasibility caused by using one-hot representation is alleviated by handling data on GPU efficiently.  We propose and study the task of detecting local text reuse at the semantic level. Inspired by the advantages of continuous space word representations  , we introduce a novel method to aggregate and compress the variable-size word embedding sets to binary hash codes through Fisher kernel and hashing methods. Inserting a QR code into the Word document's main body has the potential to change the layout of the document. We generated QR codes by first converting PDF documents into Microsoft Word™ format and then embedding the QR tag in the document to be printed. For example  , a sentence Q = w1  , w2  , w3  , ..  , wn will be transformed into a sentence matrix M ∈ R n×m where n is the length of sentence and m is the dimensionality of vector representation. Moreover  , since dimensionality of word vector is fixed during word embedding training  , feature-level modeling also perfectly deals with unfixed length of queries. By using feature-level correlation of a query rather than exact words and its corresponding representations  , the proposed approach provides a new perspective to model intentions   , which differentiates itself from previous text classification tasks in essence. Large-vocabulary neural probabilistic language models for modeling word sequence distributions have become very popular re- cently 8  , 43  , 44. We employ an embedding layer in our shallow model for the same reasons as mentioned above: we learn continuous word representations that incorporate semantic and syntactic similarity tailored to an expert's domain. We first define the existing PMI & LSA-based metrics before introducing the new Word Embedding-based metric to evaluate the coherence of topics. We use three types of coherence metrics for Twitter data based on PMI and LSA  , and Word Embeddings WE  , which are instantiated into 12 metrics. This change leads to learning rich and accurate representation compared to the previous model  , which freezes the word vectors while learning the document vectors. In their follow-up work 4  , the authors proposed an incremental model by jointly learning the word embeddings along with its document embedding.  Inspired by the advantages of continuous space word representations  , we introduce a novel method to aggregate and compress the variable-size word embedding sets to binary hash codes through Fisher kernel and hashing methods. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work to focus on this problem. In our work we make use of this property by deeming two words to be lexical paraphrases if the cosine similarity between their word embeddings is sufficiently high. All prior work critically requires sentence-aligned parallel data and readily-available translation dic- tionaries 14  , 11 to induce bilingual word embeddings BWEs that are consistent and closely aligned over languages. When operating in multilingual settings  , it is highly desirable to learn embeddings for words denoting similar concepts that are very close in the shared inter-lingual embedding space e.g. , the representations for the English word school and the Spanish word escuela should be very similar. The lowdimensionality of the embeddings as compared to vector space models hundreds instead of millions make them an elegant solution to address lexical sparsity in settings with very few labels Turian et al. , 2010  , and further  , they can be efficiently trained on massive corpora. All words in the embedding space retain their " language annotations " ; although the words from two different languages are represented in the same semantic space  , we still know whether a word belongs to language LS e.g. , English or language LT e.g. , Dutch. Since our new BWESG model learns to represent words from two different languages in the same shared cross-lingual embedding space  , we may use exactly the same modeling approach to monolingual and cross-lingual information retrieval. For example  , if we expect a document containing the word north to have a higher-thanaverage probability of being relevant to a WHERE question  , we might augment the WHERE question with the word north. An alternative to embedding document priors into the retrieval system's similarity metric is to augment the query to include terms that might appear in documents that have higher prior probability of relevance. Our objective is to take advantage of this property for the task of query rewriting  , and to learn query representations in a lowdimensional space where semantically similar queries would be close. In the context of NLP  , distributed models are able to learn word representations in a low-dimensional continuous vector space using a surrounding context of the word in a sentence  , where in the resulting embedding space semantically similar words are close to each other 31. We learned 3 the mapping of 300  , 000 words to a 100-dimension embedded space over a corpus consisting of 7.5 million Web queries  , sampled randomly from a query log. This retrieval is done efficiently by first identifying the closest cluster and then comparing v only to the small subset of descriptors in the cluster. In this submission  , we introduce a semi-supervised approach suitable for streaming settings that uses word embedding clusters and temporal relevance to represent entity contexts. As part of the Accelerate and Create task  , we also describe an exploratory tool for efficient and intuitive visualization of large streams. Note that this does not automatically mean  , that a 0.7 similarity also means that the predicted answer has high accuracy  , but only gives an indication of its relatedness on basis of the selected word embedding. We got 45% of the questions answered with greater than 0.7 cosine similarity measure. We now get to our main result  , which is split into two parts  , corresponding to the exact matching and soft matching settings. In addition  , we are not aware of prior work that directly applies it to a large set of standard LTR features   , specifically using similarity between word embedding vectors for lexical semantics compared to the well studied translation models for this usage. A PSbased training system includes a number of PS shards that store model parameters and a number of clients that read different portions of the training data from a distributed file system e.g. , Hadoop Distributed File System. First  , we briefly introduce Word2Vec  , a set of models that are used to produce word embeddings  , and Doc2Vec  , a modification of Word2Vec to generate document embeddings  , in Section 4.1. In this work  , we make use of both embedding types in form of entity embeddings Word2Vec and entity-context embeddings Doc2Vec to improve entity disambiguation . The second approach is to launch the G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in a document  , such as a Microsoft Word file or HTML file. The first is through the G-Portal Viewer in which a user can select from a list of previously registered contexts to visit. This has the effect of labeling an attribute as negative either if its frequency PMI is low relative to other positive attributes or its word embedding is far away from positive attributes. The above formula is obtained by just assuming that the probability that an instance is positive is equal to the product of probability  , Pr+|F a Pr+|Ea. The main motivations for using word2vec for our automatic evaluation were twofold: 1 Verifying whether two texts convey the same meaning is a sub-problem to Question-Answering itself. We use the methodology explained in Section 4 to examine whether the WE-based metric can capture the coherence of topics from tweets  , and how well WE  , PMI  , and LSA metrics compare with human judgements. The joint probability on the words  , classes and the latent variables in one document is thus given by:  different proportion of the topics  , and different topics govern dissimilar word occurrences  , embedding the correlation among different words. Besides  , since the relationship between the classes and topics is underlying   , we use the indexing variable y to indicate the latent structure between them. As stated above  , local sequential features extracted by HRM is not capable enough to model relations among apart baskets  , while a recurrent operation of a deep RNN architecture can capture global sequential features from all baskets of a user. C3 We construct a novel unified framework for ad-hoc monolingual MoIR and cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR which relies on the induced word embeddings and constructed query and document embeddings. BWESG induces a shared cross-lingual embedding vector space in which words  , queries  , and documents may be presented in a uniform way as dense real-valued vectors. In order to present the document d in the dim-dimensional embedding space induced by the BWESG model  , we need to apply a model of semantic composition to learn its dim-dimensional vector representation − → d . , w |N d | }  , where |N d | denotes the length of the document d expressed by the number of word tokens. Topic modelling approaches can be used by scholars to capture the topics discussed in various corpora  , including news articles  , books 5 and tweets 4  , 15. Using two Twitter datasets  , our results show that the new Word Embedding-based metrics outperform the PMI/LSA-based ones in capturing the coherence of topics in terms of robustness and efficientness. We segmented each page into individual words by embedding the Bing HTML parser into DryadLINQ and performing the parsing and word-breaking on our compute cluster. The full collection consists of over a billion web pages  , while the English-language subset is comprised of 503 ,898 ,901 pages. Prior work captured the effect of excessive terms appearing only in the document on the ranking score mainly by their contribution to overall document context or structure. Ganguly et al 14 employed similarity between word embedding vectors within a translation model for LMIR as means to overcome the lexical gap between queries and documents   , where it outperformed a language model extended with latent topics. In this section we describe experimental evaluation of the proposed approach  , which we refer to as hierarchical document vector HDV model. In all experiments we used cosine distance to measure the closeness of two vectors either document or word vectors in the common low-dimensional embedding space. This approach is particularly useful in that it provides seamless access to personalized projects from other applications. Another popular method is the Partial Least Squares PLS 31 that learns orthogonal score vectors by maximizing the covariance between different multimodal data. Owing to its simplicity and effectiveness  , CCA has been widely applied to the crossmodal retrieval 7  , face recognition 21 and word embedding 8  , 9. Second  , we assess the extent to which the topical preferences emanating from the 12 metrics align with human assessments. It is intriguing that the LINE2nd outperforms the state-of-the-art word embedding model trained on the original corpus. This is not surprising  , as a high second-order proximity implies that two words can be replaced in the same context  , which is a stronger indicator of similar semantics than first-order co-occurrences. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to propose such a solution. UNIX editing system  , embedding within the text of the reports certain formatting codes. All that the user needs to specify in invoking this procedure is the name of the file containing the data and the context word by which the paragraphs are to be selected. Mathematically   , given a sequence of training words w1  , w2  , ..  , wT   , the goal of Skip-gram model is to maximize the log probability While soft matching for retrieval was studied before  , this is the first time it is applied in the CQA vertical search scenario. Since FVs are usually high-dimensional and dense  , it makes the system less efficient for large-scale applications. Then  , the variable sizes of word embedding sets will be aggregated into a fixed length vector  , Fisher Vector FV  , based on the Fisher kernel framework 27. According to the framework of Fisher Kernel  , text segments are modeled by a probability density function. Through table lookup  , the ith text segment d i can be represented by ewi = {ewij  , 1 ≤ j ≤ Ni}  , where ew ij is the word embedding of wij. The output of each model the top ten most similar results for each test question were manually labelled as relevant or not and this was used to calculate the evaluation statistics. Moreover  , following the recent trend of multilingual word embedding induction e.g. , 14  , 11  , in this paper we also focus on the induction of bilingual word embeddings BWEs  , and show how to use BWEs in cross-lingual information retrieval tasks. Knowing the long-standing and firm relationship between vector space models  , semantics modeling and IR 37  , 16  , one goal of this paper is to establish a new link between the recent text representation learning methodology based on word embeddings and modeling in information retrieval  , with the focus on the fundamental ad-hoc retrieval task. We show that WE-based monolingual ad-hoc retrieval models may be considered as special and less general cases of the cross-lingual retrieval setting i.e. , operating with only one language instead of two  , which results in a unified WE-based framework for monolingual and cross-lingual IR. To address the shortcomings of the existing state-of-theart methods for query rewriting  , we propose to take a rad-ically new approach to this task  , motivated by the recent success of distributed language models in NLP applications 31  , 38. The training objective then is to maximize the probability of words appearing in the context of word w i conditioned on the active set of regions A. Given a word w i   , the context words are the words appearing to the left or right of w i within a window of size m. We define the set of active regions A = {r  , MAIN} where MAIN is a placeholder location corresponding to the global embedding and is always included in the set of active regions. Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. On the other hand  , it is this kind of label that we want to tackle via zero shot learning otherwise we could choose to harvest training examples from the Internet. Since the model depends on the alignment at the document level  , in order to ensure the bilingual contexts instead of monolingual contexts  , it is intuitive to assume that larger window sizes will lead to better bilingual embeddings. Recently  , lexical semantic similarity between terms via distributed representations  , such as word2vec 23  , was found helpful in several IR tasks  , including query term weighting 43 and as features in a LTR framework for answer retrieval 10. Given the quality issues in the output of NER on Wikipedia  , we are also working on the extraction of named entities from Wikipedia based on internal links  , with the aim of constructing a more accurate version of the Wikipedia LOAD graph as a community resource. For questions with a simple answer pattern  , the answer candidates can be found by fixed pattern matching. Our pattern matching component consists of two parts  , fixed pattern matching and partial pattern matching. As for those with complex answer patterns  , we try to locate answer candidates via partial pattern matching. We now define the graph pattern matching problem in a distributed setting. Distributed graph pattern matching. Patterns are organized in a list according to their scores. Fixed pattern matching scans each passage and does pattern matching. One promising technique to circumvent this is soft pattern matching. We conjecture that current pattern matching applications may be hindered due to the rigidity of hard matching. Pattern matching is simple to manipulate results and implement. Instead of building a classifier we use pattern matching methods to find corresponding slot values for entities. Consequently  , we believe that any practical IE optimizer must optimize pattern matching. The work 6 describes other large-scale pattern matching examples. Next  , each model's location is estimated. When an eye image is input  , the pattern matching is carried out with the pattern matching model  , memorized previously. A Basic Graph Pattern is a set of statement patterns. Definition 15 Basic Graph Pattern Matching. Graph pattern matching Consider the graph pattern P from Fig. Example 2. The Pattern Matching stream consists of three stages: Generation  , Document Prefetch and Matching. In most applications  , however  , substring pattern matching was applied  , in which an " occurrence " is when the pattern symbols occur contiguously in the text. Pattern matching has been used in a number of applications . However  , their pattern languages are limited by a small number of pattern variables for matching linguistic structures. SCRUPLE 10 and JaTS 5  provide pattern matching facilities that can interpret source-code like patterns. Matching is meant here as deciding whether either a given ontology or its part is compliant matches with a given pattern. Introducing a pattern language opens another interesting direction: pattern matching and induction. Kumar and Spafford 10 applied subsequence pattern matching to intrusion detection. If no matching pattern is found  , the exception propagates up the call stack until a matching handler is found. For the first matching pattern  , the exception handler of that catch block is executed. Surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . Feature matching method needs to abstract features e.g. Two kinds of matching methods are oftcn uscd: Feature matching method and pattern matching method 8. Recognizing the oosperm and the micro tube is virtually a matching problem. This is the value used for pattern matching evaluation. 9 Let us examine a small pattern-matching example . Example. This package provides reawnably fast pattc:rn matching over a rich pattern language. To effect the pattern matching it.self  , finite automata techniques l such as the UNIX regec package can be used. The final score of a sentence incorporates both its centroid based weight and the soft pattern matching weight. We compute each input sentence's pattern matching weight by using Equation 6. But in our case  , pattern matching occurs relatively less frequently than during a batch transformation. The restriction of axes in XSLT has been introduced for performance reasons and the goal was to allow efficient pattern matching. The output of this pattern matching phase is tuples of labels for relevant nodes  , which is considered as intermediate result set  , named as RS intermediate . As mentioned previously  , we adopt VERT for pattern matching. Note that these early work however do not consider AD relationship  , which is common for XML queries. Bottom-up tree pattern matching has been extensively studied in the area of classic tree pattern matching 12. The correlation operation can be seen as a form of convolution where the pattern matching model Mx ,y is analogous to the convolution kernel: Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. Once a matching sentiment pattern is found  , the target and sentiment assignment are determined as defined in the sentiment pattern. SA first identifies the T-expression  , and tries to find matching sentiment patterns. var is a set of special alternative words  , which are usually shared by various patterns and also assigned in question pattern matching. A question chunk  , expected by certain slots  , is assigned in question pattern matching. Let E k 1 ≤ k ≤ m denote the kth named entity in the annotated passage  , T i denotes the ith query keyword Different from previous empirical work  , we show how soft pattern matching is achieved within the framework of two standard probabilistic models. In this paper  , we build upon the earlier work in soft pattern matching. Each pattern matching step either involves the use of regular expressions or an external dictionary such as a dictionary of person names or product names. These navigational features are then fed into a sequence of pattern matching steps. For the first variation the text collection was the Web  , and for the second  , the local AQUAINT corpus. Two variations of this stream were implemented  , Web Pattern Matching and Collection Pattern Matching. However  , they do not maintain the hierarchical structure of a single stack since Lemma 1 does not hold for graph data. In addition  , not all types of NE can be captured by pattern matching effectively. That is exactly the rational behind our hybrid approach to IE combining pattern matching rules and statistical learning Srihari 1998 The triple pattern matching operator transforms a logical RDF stream into a logical data stream  , i.e. Therefore  , the triple pattern matching operator must be placed in a plan before any of the following operators. By incorporating 'anchor control' logic it is possible to operate some sub-sets of cascades in the unanchored mode  , sub-pattern matching mode  , variable precursor matching mode or a combination thereof. The techniques of unanchored mode operation  , sub-pattern matching   , 'don't care' symbols  , variable precursor position anchoring and selective anchoring as described for a single cascade can be extended to this twodimensional pattern matching device. If a text segment matches with a pattern  , then the text segment is identified to contain the relationship associated with the pattern. A pattern matching program was developed to identify the segments of the text that match with each pattern. Each pattern box provides visual handles for direct manipulation of the pattern. Using the generated pattern as a starting point  , the developer interactively modifies the pattern by inserting wildcards and matching constraints. This eases parsing  , pattern declaration and matching  , and it makes the composition interface explicit. We explicitly declare the pattern type i.e. , the associated nonterminal of the pattern root and of the variable symbols in σΓ in the pattern specification. This is a problem that has received some attention from the pattern matching research community. 4 also propose to find relevant formulae using pattern matching. Kamali et.al. pressive language. Particularly complex operations on software graphs are pattern matching and transitive closure computation. The patterns are described in Table 2. 8is to recognize a parameter by pattern matching. In our simplified version of pattern matching  , the search trajectory was designed as follows. The averagc Previously examined by Cui et al. Function recParam in Fig. The tree-pattern matching proceeds in two phases. As a result  , it may have false positives. proposed a similar method to inverse pattern matching that included wild cards 9. Lee et al. A type constraint annotation restricts the static Java type of the matching expression. More generally  , pattern annotations control the scope of the pattern match. In the Generation stage  , the question is analyzed and possible answer patterns are generated. There are several main differences between string matching and the discovery of FA patterns. Note that in this paper  , we focus on ordered twig pattern matching. Both '/' and '//' in the pattern are treated as regular tree edges. Patterns are sorted by question types and stored in pattern files. Only patterns with score greater than some empirically determined threshold are applied in pattern matching. For example  , consider the tree representation of the pattern Q 1 in Figure 3 . Overlapping features: Overlapping features of adjacent terms are extracted. String pattern matching and domain knowledge are used for features of formula pattern. Note that it contains variables that have already been bound by the change pattern matching. Next  , we consider the graph pattern in the first loop. The final score is the product of the pattern score and matching score. The matching score is calculated according to how well the semantic features are matched. The lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the well studied multi-pattern matching problem in the string matching literature 25. During In our scenario  , if each entity is modeled as a pattern  , the lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the multi-pattern matching problem. The goal of multi-pattern matching is to find within a text string d all occurrences of patterns from a given set. Although surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems  , the patterns used in ILQUA are better since they are automatically generated by a supervised learning system and represented in a format of regular expressions which contain multiple question terms. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search  , and syntactic dependency matching . All of the points have the same pattern and this is suitable for a template matching because the points may be able to be extracted through a template matching procedure using only one template. And a chess board pattern is adopted as a calibration pattern because it is full of intersections of lines and supplies the enormous points in one image. In such a case  , we first need to distribute the expression " GRAPH γ " appropriately to atomic triple patterns in order to prescribe atomic SPARQL expressions accessible by basic quadruple pattern matching. Basic quadruple pattern matching is not directly applicable  , if an expression " GRAPH γ " appears outside a complex triple pattern . The pattern-matching language is based on regular expressions over the annotations; when a sequence of annotations is matched by the left-hand side pattern  , then the right-hand side defines the type of annotation to be added Organization in the example case above. Rule writing requires some knowledge of the JAPE pattern-matching lan- guage 11 and ANNIE annotations. In addition to surface pattern matching  , we also adopt n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. The Sparkwave 10 system was built to perform continuous pattern matching over RDF streams by supporting expressive pattern definitions  , sliding windows and schema-entailed knowledge. Finally  , OPS examined the matching trees that emerged from the graph traversal to determine the matching subscriptions. Pattern matching with variable 'don't care' symbols can now be easily performed  , if the input signals set the D flip-flop values throughout the duration of pattern matching. If the 'don't care' operation is to be externally controlled  , a cascade of'don't care' flip-flops D and F as shown in Figure 19.5  , similar to the anchor flip-flops  , has to be set prior to the beginning of the pattern matching operation. Our system focuses on ordered twig pattern matching  , which is essential for applications where the nodes in a twig pattern follow the document order in XML. Rather the twig pattern is matched as a whole due to sequence transformation. We enhanced the pattern recognition engine in ViPER to execute concurrent parallel pattern matching threads in spite of running Atheris for each pattern serially. It is therefore necessary to annotate all patterns before sending the page to the client. We tested our technique using the data sets obtained from the University of New Mexico. Finally  , a novel pattern matching module is proposed to detect intrusions based on both intra-pattern and inter-pattern anomalies. This approach benefits from a better performance by avoiding multiple input parsing. For each token  , we look for the longest pattern of token features that matches with pattern rules. -Named Entity analyzer uses language specific context-sensitive rules based on word features recognition pattern matching. Such overlap relationship characterizes the normal behavior of the application. Therefore  , the system works in stages: it ranks all sentences using centroid-based ranking and soft pattern matching  , and takes the top ranked sentences as candidate definition sentences. The purpose of using such hard matching patterns in addition to soft matching patterns is to capture those well-formed definition sentences that are missed due to the imposed cut-off of ranking scores by soft pattern matching and centroid-based weighting. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. A recent paper by Müller et al. their rapid evaluation. Proposals for pattern-matching operators are of little use unless indices can be defined to permit . Yet ShopBot has several limitations. ShopBot relies on a combination of heuristic search  , pattern matching  , and inductive learning techniques. The interesting subtlety is that pattern matching can introduce aliases for existing distinguishing values. These rules handle match statements. Approaches that use pattern matching e.g. Furthermore  , accuracy can usually be varied at the cost of recall. TwigStack 7  , attract lots of research attention. That also explains why many twig pattern matching techniques  , e.g. The research question is: pattern. Determining the changes between two versions enables matching of their code elements. 18 have demonstrated that soft pattern matching greatly improves recall in an IE system. Xiao et al. We have so far introduced features of the matching rule language mainly through examples. The pattern symbols are: Regarding input data generation  , all sequences  , matching the pattern are favored and get higher chance to occur. Results of query " graph pattern " with terms-based matching and different rankings: 1 Semantic richness  , 2 Recency. The *SENTENCE* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single sentence. We allow seoping using two functions. with grouping  , existing pattern matching techniques are no longer effective. This query can be expressed in XQuery 1.1 as follows: For each context pattern and each snippet search engine returned  , select the words matching tag <A> as the answer. YATL is a declarative  , rule based language featuring pattern matching and restructuring operators. Tree models form an instantiation hierarchy. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : The basic problem is then to limit combinatorial explosion while deducinc knowledge. In SPARQL 5 no operator for the transformation from RDF statements to SPARQL is defined. Triple Pattern Matching. In the pattern matching step  , we will compare performance of the several kernel functions e.g. Daubechies' wavelet. They primarily used heuristics and pattern matching for recognizing URLs of homepages. —the first system for homepage finding. SPARQL  , a W3C recommendation  , is a pattern-matching query language. The rewriting is sound iff Q G is contained in Each template rule specifies a matching pattern and a mode. A basic XSLT program is a collection of template rules. Tree-Pattern Matching. A run-time stack keeps the states reached and allows such a state backtracking. It also leverages existing definitions from external resources. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and definition pattern matching. We obtain We assume  , however  , that indexes are used to access triples matching a triple pattern efficiently. Listing1.2 shows a simple SPARQL query without data streams. The triple pattern matching operator transforms RDF statements into SPARQL solutions. 4 have demonstrated the utility of DTW for ECG pattern matching. Many researchers including Caiani et al. In this paper  , an improved circuit structure corresponds to the complex regular expressions pattern matching is achieved. REFERENCE Second  , the notions of pattern matching and implicit context item at each point of the evaluation of a stylesheet do not exist in XQuery. First  , although xsl:apply-templates may resemble a function call  , its semantics does not correspond to explicit function calls  , but instead relies on a kind of dynamic dispatch based on pattern matching  , template priority  , import precedence  , and modes. We will focus our related work discussion on path extraction queries. These languages can be classified into two categories: path pattern matching queries 22  , 23  , 20  , 10  , 17 that find node pairs connected by paths matching a path pattern; and path " extraction " queries 21  , 13  , 4  , 18  , 12 that return paths. Likewise  , the pattern-matching language in REFINE provides a powerful unification facility   , but this appears to be undecidable—no published results are available about the expressive power of its pattern-matching language. One writes analyzers essentially by programming in a full pro- gramming language; no guarantees can be made about the complexity of analyzers written in ARL  , or VTP. We integrated Mathematica8 into our system  , to perform pattern matching on the equations and identify occurrences within a predefined set of patterns. To address this issue  , we relied on pattern matching  , a very powerful feature that current Computer Algebra Systems CAS provide. On the other hand  , our pattern matching approach is more suitable for determining supporting documents and is therefore the preferable approach for answer projection. Thus we always prefer its answers over results obtained with pattern matching  , which we use as a backup for the remaining questions. Concept assignment is semantic pattern matching in the application domain  , enabling the engineer to search the underlying code base for program fragments that implement a concept from the application domain. Plan recognition is semantic pattern matching in the programming-language domain  , for example identifying common and stereotypical code fragments known as cliches. Traditional pattern-matching languages such as PERL get " hopelessly long-winded and error prone " 5   , when used for such complex tasks. Using pattern matching for NE recognition requires the development of patterns over multi-faceted structures that consider many different token properties e.g orthography  , morphology  , part of speech information etc. The result of unsupervised pattern learning through PRF is a set of soft patterns as presented in Section 2 Step 3a. Option −w means searching for the pattern expression as a word. -bash-2.05>echo "test1 test test2" | grep -Fw test -bash-2.05> Option −F prescribes that the pattern expression is used as a string to perform matching. For example  , the pattern language for Java names allows glob-style wildcards  , with " * " matching a letter sequence and "  ? " String and numeric literals  , Java names  , access modifier lists  , and other non-structured entities are represented using simple text-based pattern languages. The recognition module of person's name  , place  , organization and transliteration is more complex. We use a pattern-matching module to recognize those OODs with fixed structure pattern  , such as money  , date  , time  , percentage and digit. This method requires users to learn specific query language to input query " pattern " and also requires to predefine many patterns manually in advance. Pattern induction   , in contrast  , is intended as detecting the regularities in an ontology  , seeking recurring patterns. The pattern was initially mounted on a tripod and arbitrarily placed in front of the stereo head Fig. Moreover   , the advantage of using this software and pattern is to eliminate human-introduced errors in the selection and matching of points. At the end of this pattern-matching operation  , each element of the structure is associated with a set of indexing terms which are then stored in the indexing base. Moreover the pattern-matching procedure controls  , through nonnalization any excessive growth of the indexing term set. While it is easy to imagine uses of pattern matching primitives in real applications  , such as search engines and text mining tools  , rank/select operations appear uncommon. Typical examples include: pattern matching exact  , approximate  , with wild-cards ,..  , the ranking of a string in a sorted dictionary  , or the selection of the i-th string from it. By adopting regular expressions as types  , they could include rich operations over types in their type structure  , and that made it possible to capture precisely the behavior of pattern matching over strings in their type system. for a minimal functional language with string concatenation and pattern matching over strings 23. Basic pattern matching now considers quadruples and it annotates variable assignments from basic matches with atomic statements from S and variable assignments from complex matches with Boolean formulae F ∈ F over S . Only the basic pattern matching has been changed slightly. However  , we assume that the structure is flat for some operations on pattern-matching queries  , which would not be applicable if the structure was not flat. This restriction is not essential  , since those pattern-matching expressions could perfectly well generate a nested structure. The conceptual definition of pattern matching implies finding the existence of parent node such that when evaluating XPath P with that parent node as a context node yields the result containing the testing node to which template is applicable. The XPath P used in the pattern matching of a template can have multiple XPath steps with predicates. A pattern matched in a relevant web page counts more than one matched in a less relevant one. Third and most important  , we contextualize the pattern matching by distinguishing between relevant and non-relevant pages. As discussed in Section 5  , the size is strongly related to the selectivity . Note that in the following we refer to the number of triples matching a pattern as the size of the pattern. We believe that much information about patterns can be retrieved by analyzing the names of identifiers and comments. Fourth  , we have launched a Master's project to investigate recovery of pattern-based design components with full-text  , pattern-matching techniques. Once the pattern tree match has occurred we must have a logical method to access the matched nodes without having to reapply a pattern tree matching or navigate to them. edge in the APT. Only the definition of windows over the data streams and the new triple pattern operator need special rules. However  , we can still simplify the pattern by removing the parent axis check as shown in We have developed an alternative method based on auxiliary data constructs: condition pattern relations and join pattern relations Segev & Zhao  , 1991a. That structure requires propagating matching patterns to multiple relations when the dimension of joins is larger than two. Semantic pattern discovery aims to relate the data item slots in Pm to the data components in the user-defined schema. Therefore  , each slot of a line can be identified by matching Pc and the line pattern. This is a type of template matching methodology  , where the search region is 1074 examined for a match between the observed pattern and the expected template  , stored in the database. Once the pattern is justified  , the door is successfully detected. Some sentiment patterns define the target and its sentiment explicitly. In a recent survey 19   , methods of pattern matching on graphs are categorized into exact and inexact matching. However  , such structural join approaches often induce large intermediate results which may severely limit the query efficiency. We mainly focus on matching similar shapes. In all of the above tasks  , the central problem is similarity matching: 'find tumors that are similar to a gaven pattern' including shape  , shape changes  , and demographic patient data. The semantics of SPARQL is defined as usual based on matching of basic graph patterns BGPs  , more complex patterns are defined as per the usual SPARQL algebra and evaluated on top of basic graph pattern matching  , cf. 7 In this paper  , we use correlation based pattern' matching to realize the recognition of the oosperm and micro tube in real time. , F k  of data graph G  , in which each fragment Fi = GVi  , Bi i ∈ 1  , k is placed at a separate machine Si  , the distributed graph pattern matching problem is to find the maximum match in G for Q  , via graph simulation. Answering these queries amounts to the task of graph pattern matching  , where subgraphs in the data graph matching the query pattern are returned as results. They represent patterns because either predicate  , subject or object might be a variable  , or is explicitly specified as a constant. We assume that the answer patterns in our pattern matching approach express the desired semantic relationship between the question and the answer and thus a document that matches one of the patterns is likely to be supportive . To minimize the number of unsupported answers  , we decided to always prefer documents identified with pattern matching over those found by the answer type approach. Pleft_seq|SP L  and Pright_seq|SP R  give the probabilistic pattern matching scores of the left and right sequences of the instance  , given the corresponding soft pattern SP matching models. where ins represents a test instance and C denotes the context model. Unknown viruses applying this technique are even more difficult to detect. Self-encrypting and polymorphic viruses were originally devised to circumvent pattern-matching detection by preventing the virus generating a pattern. As an enhanced version of the self-encrypting virus  , a polymorphic virus was designed to avoid any fixed pattern. Moreover  , patterns can only be determined from the unencrypted segment i.e. , the decryption code  , impeding pattern matching even further . In Snowball  , the generated patterns are mainly based on keyword matching. Specificity means the pattern is able to identify high-quality relation tuples; while coverage means the pattern can identify a statistically non-trivial number of good relation tuples . Our pattern matching approach uses textual patterns to classify and interpret questions and to extract answers from text snippets. For instance  , the following is an answer pattern for the property profession: <Target> works as a <Property>. Patterns for answer extraction are learned from question-answer pairs using the Web as a resource for pattern retrieval. Our pattern matching approach interprets a question by creating a concise representation of the question string that preserves the semantics. p i and sq i are the index of pattern and sequence respectively  , indicating from where the further matching starts. value is a probability of sequence segment containing pattern segment. These approaches focus on analyzing one-shot data points to detect emergent events. Pattern-based approaches  , on the other hand  , represent events as spatio-temporal patterns in sensor readings and detect events using efficient pattern matching techniques. In order to identify the list of instructions to re-evaluate  , a pattern matching is performed on the entire re-evaluation rules set. The second optimization is the pattern inclusion. Missing components or sequences in a model compared to an otherwise matching pattern are classed as " incomplete " . A set of intermodel checks between different requirements representation pattern is classed as " incorrectness " . Input rule files are compiled into a graph representation and a depth first search is performed to see if a certain token starts a pattern match. Rose starts by invoking a traditional pattern matching and lexicon based information extraction engine. This way  , when no pattern has been successfully validated  , the system returns NIL as answer. Consequently  , our approach performs probable answer detection and extraction by applying syntactic pattern-matching techniques over relevant paragraphs. Second-order relationships: The relationship between two or more variables is influenced by a third variable. In other words  , a précis pattern comprises a kind of a " plan " for collecting tuples matching the query and others related to them. Joins on a précis pattern are executed in order of decreasing weight. The max-error criterion specifies the maximum number of insertion errors allowed for pattern matching. The min-support criterion specifies the minimum num-ber of times a pattern has to be observed to be considered frequent. In more recent systems  , Lucene  , a high-performance text retrieval library  , is often deployed for more sophisticated index and searching capability. Searching can be as simple as token matching Math- World or pattern matching 15. This includes: word matching  , pattern matching and wildcards  , stemming  , relevance ranking  , and mixed mode searchmg text  , numeric  , range  , date. The IR ,-engine provides the core set of text-retrieval capabilities required by Super- Pages. This system employs two novel ideas related to generic answer type matching using web counts and web snippet pattern matching. 2   , which does not make use of advanced NLP tools. A simpler  , faster subset of this approach is to perform pattern matching based on features. The above method could employ a variety of pattern­ matching and optimization techniques for sensory interpretation. We choose pattern matching as our baseline technique in the toolkit  , because it can be easily customized to distill information for new types of entities and attributes. In KBP2010  , we developed three pipelines including pattern matching  , supervised classification based Information Extraction IE and Question-Answering based 1. Although surface text pattern matching is a simple method  , it is very effective and accurate to answering specific types of ques- tions. Surface text pattern matching has been adopted by some researchers Ravichandran & Hovy 2002  , Soubbotin 2002 in building QA system during the last few years. In addition   , system supports patterns combining exact matching of some of their parts and approximate matching of other parts  , unbounded number of wild cards  , arbitrary regular expressions  , and combinations  , exactly or allowing errors. For each word of a pattern it allows to have not only single letters in the pattern   , but any set of characters at each position. The patterns are assumed to be always right-adjusted in each cascade. We adopted existing code for SQL cross-matching queries 2 and added a special xmatch pattern to simplify queries. Users can either write their own SQL queries or choose cross-matching queries from a predefined set. However automatic pattern extraction can introduce errors and syntactic dependency matching can lead to incorrect answers too. The performance is based on the automatically extracted patterns and n-gram syntactic matching . Because matching is based on predicates  , DARQ currently only supports queries with bound predicates. The matching compares the predicate in a triple pattern with the predicate defined for a capability and evaluated the constraint for subject and object. It is widely used for retrieving RDF data because RDF triples form a graph  , and graph patterns matching subgraphs of this graph can be specified as SPARQL queries. Basically  , SPARQL rests on the notion of graph pattern matching. Answer extraction methods applied are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . ILQUA has been built as an IE-driven QA system ; it extracts answers from documents annotated with named entity tags. δ represents a tunable parameter to favor either the centroid weight or the pattern weight. where Centroid_weight denotes the statistical weight obtained by the centroid based method and Pattern_weight is the weight of soft pattern matching. Instructions associated to a pattern that matches that node need to be re-evaluated. This is achieved by applying a pattern matching between re-evaluation rule patterns and the node currently being modified. We call all the sessions supporting a pattern as its support set. A session S supports a pattern P if and only if P is a subsequence of S not violating string matching constraint. None of these tools are integrated with an interactive development environment  , nor do they provide scaffolding for transformation construction. However  , developers have to write these pattern specifications as an overlay on the underlying code. Cossette and colleagues 9 used a pattern matching approach to link artifacts among languages. The matching is holistic since FiST does not break a twig pattern into root-to-leaf paths. Ambiguous strings are handled at the same time. To demonstrate the flexibility and the potential of the LOTUS framework  , we performed retrieval on the query " graph pattern " . Existing tools like RepeatMasker 12 only solve the problem of pattern matching  , rather than pattern discovery without prior knowledge. It is therefore worth the effort to mine the complete set. Three classes of matching schemes are used for the detection of patterns namely the state-  , the velocity-and the frequency-matching. Regularity Detection is used to detect specific patterns of movement from a properly structured database Itinerary Pattern Base. That is  , the specific pattern-matching mechanism has to influence only that application context. Of course  , only those access events performed by agents of the application example must trigger the reaction leading to the new pattem-matching mechanism. We expect melodic pattern matching to involve what we call " complex traversal " of streamed data. Especially with unpitched sources  , we expect that searching for a melody will be complex  , not simply a matter of literal string matching. To answer " Factoid " and " List " questions  , we apply our answer extraction methods on NE-tagged passages. The pattern matching problem in IE tasks are formally the same as definition sentence retrieval. Our two soft matching models are generic and can be extended to related areas that require modeling of contextual patterns  , such as information extraction IE. The merit of template matching is that it is tolerant to noise and flexible about template pattern. In this paper  , to resolve the problems in conventional methods  , a template matching which is accompanied with projective transformation is proposed. Many commercially available anti-virus programs apply a detection system based on the " pattern signature matching " or " scanner " method. Existing patterns are rendered inapplicable to matching simply with partial modification of the virus code as seen in numerous variants. The results of the pattern-matching are also linguistically normalized  , i.e. We overcome this problem by actually downloading the pages  , analyzing them linguistically  , and matching the patterns instead of merely generating them and counting their Google hits. The prototypes of data objects must be considered during entity matching to find patterns. Thus  , pattern mining that relies solely on matching type names for program entities would not work. Applicability in an Epoq optimizer is similar in function to pattern-matching and condition-matching of left-hand sides in more traditional rule-based optimizers. Thus  , they are used to improve the efficiency of the optimizer. With the manual F 3 measure  , all three soft pattern models perform significantly better than the baseline p ≤ 0.01. 2 that soft matching patterns outperform manually constructed hard matching patterns in both manual and automatic evaluations. To answer " Factoid " and " List " questions  , we apply our answer extraction methods on NE-tagged passages or sentences. 9  , originally used for production rule systems  , is an efficient solution to the facts-rules pattern matching problem. The main disadvantage of predicate-based matching is that predicates should be pre-defined in advance. As mentioned above  , the pattern should skip this substring and start a new matching step. From the foregone information of success matching  , it can get the substring T8 ,9= " is "   , while there is no substring " is " in P1 ,2 ,3 ,4. Besides the detection and localization of a neural pattern  , the comparison and matching of the observed pattern to a set of templates is another interesting question 18. QUANTUM PATTERN RECOGNITION Pattern recognition is one of the basic problems in BCI systems. They also discuss the subtlety we mention in Sec. Haack and Jeffrey 6 discuss their pattern-matching system in the context of the Spi-calculus. Presence of modes allows different templates to be chosen when the computation arrives on the same node. The recursion in the SPARQL query evaluation defined here is indeed identical to 11  , 13. The same assumption is made for grouping constraint and output aggregate function. Later on  , standard IR techniques have been used for this task. Backtracking moves to the next breakpoint fget or the next visible variable current-var. Pattern matching checks the attributes of events or variables. This paper focuses on the ranking model. The extraction can be done using simple pattern matching or state-of-the-art entity extractors. slot is bound to the key chunks of questions. ANSWER indicates the expected answer. The basic cell for all pattern matching operations is shown in Figure 19.2. The equations describing the cell can be written as Wiki considers the Wikipedia redirect pairs as the candidates. Pattern considers the words matching the patterns extracted from the original query as candidates. Encounters green are generated using a camera on the quadrotor to detect the checkerboard pattern on the ground robot and are refined by scan matching. 1. In order to avoid this drawback  , we implemented a new module of text-independent user identification based on pattern matching techniques. System overview. The center coordinates of iris are estimated from each model that is estimated its location by pattern matching. Fig.4shows the situation of eye movement detection. proposed an inverse string matching technique that finds a pattern between two strings that maximizes or minimizes the number of mis- matches 1 . Amir et al. They analyze the text of the code for patterns which the programmer wants to find. Pattern matching tools help the programmer with the task of chunking. Other languages for programming cryptographic protocols also contain this functionality. We discuss our method of soft pattern generalization and matching in the next section. Both experiments show significant improvement over baseline systems. The pages that can be extracted at least one object are regarded as object pages. Each URL not matching any patterns is regarded as a single pattern. A new technique is required to handle the grouping operation in queries. The value which is determined by pattern matching is DataC KK the server's public key for the signature verification . kgenArgS 12. This information is then logically combined into the proof obligations. Implementability and operation decomposition are expressed similarly: pattern matching is used to extract the necessary in- formation. Tuples are anonymous  , thus their removal takes place through pattern matching on the tuple contents. Tuples can be removed from a tuple space by executing inp. The Concern Manipulation Environment CME supports its own pattern-matching language for code querying. SOQUET on the other hand  , emphasizes relations specific to crosscutting concerns implementation. The instrumentation is based on rules for pattern-matching and is thus independent of the actual application. The satellites automatically instrument the application using Javassist 25. Siena is an event notification architecture . Replace performs pattern matching and substitution and is available in the SIR with 32 versions that contain seeded faults. There have been many studies on this problem. In the literature " approximate string matching " also refers to the problem of finding a pattern string approximately in a text. To tackle this problem  , other musical features e.g. , chord progressions  , change in dynamics  , etc. This was mainly caused by the inaccuracy of the approximate pattern matching. The definition generation module first extracts definition sentences from the document set. Perfect match is not always guaranteed. The candidate sentences are parsed and the parse trees are traversed bottom-up to do pattern matching. Our patterns are flexible -note that the example and matched sentences have somewhat different trees. ple sentence to pattern  , and then shows a matching sentence. All the following described operators consume logical streams. For every pattern tp i in query Q  , a sorted access sa i retrieves matching triples in descending score order. Access. The argument can be any expression of antecedent operators and concepts and text. Thereby  , the amount of informa3. When w  , r  , or w 0 is *  , the frequency counts af all dependency triples matching the rest of the pattern are summed up. For the first run  , definition-style answers were obtained with KMS definition pattern-matching routines as described. Two runs were made. Some question types have up to 500 patterns. Morph considers the morphologically similar words as candidates.  ls: lightly stemmed words  , obtained by using pattern matching to remove common prefixes and suffixes. 2g  , 3g  , … 7g: character n-grams 2-7 gram. As an example  , consider the problem of pattern matching with electrocardiograms. However  , one may wish to assign different weights to different parts of the time series. Autonomous robots may exhibit similar characteristics. Biological swarm members often exhibit behavioral matching based on the localized group's pattern  , such that behaviors are synchronized 4. The reason is the handling of pattern matching in the generated Java code with trivially true conditional statements. Coverage does not exceed 79%. A search token is a sequence of characters defining a pattern for matching linguistic tokens. Leaf nodes in an XML document tree may contain multiple linguistic tokens. Xcerpt's pattern matching is based on simulation unification. 2 Novel evaluation methods for Xcerpt  , enabled by high-level query constructs  , are being investigated. We do not present an exhaustive case study. In the following  , we give some formulas in order to perform pattern matching between expressions and patterns. It can extract facts of a certain given relation from Web documents. Leila is a state-ofthe-art system that uses pattern matching on natural language text. Second  , po boils down to " pattern matching  , " which is a major function of today's page-based search engine. We can similarly handle factors 3 and 4. Through training  , each pattern is assigned the probability that the matching text contains the correct answer. based on a training set of given question-answer pairs. Stream slot filling is done by pattern matching documents with manually produced patterns for slots of interest. In Figure 1we refer to this as Streaming Slot Value Extraction. We have reviewed the newly-adopted techniques in our QA system. Also  , there is a need to find ways to integrate numberic matching into the soft pattern models. -relevance evaluation  , which allows ordering of answers. This important feature IS based on a syntacttc pattern matching between user's concepts and system known concepts. These patterns were automatically mined from web and organized by question type. Some question type has up to several hundred patterns. Similar to the twig query  , we can also define matching twig patterns on a bisimulation graph of an XML tree. We call this bisimulation graph the twig pattern. The searching trajectory can be designed intentionally to ease detection of such features. The template of a character is represented by a dot pattern on the 50*50 grid. Character recognition is conducted using template matching.  s: aggressively stemmed words  , found using the Sebawai morphological analyzer. ls: lightly stemmed words  , obtained by using pattern matching to remove common prefixes and suffixes. The generated file is used for programming of FPGA and pattern matching. Snort library is sorted  , optimized and compiled by rule compiler. The general idea behind the approach is pattern matching. The advantage of our approach is that it is not limited to a pre-defined set of semantic categories. Researchers using genetic data frequently are interested in finding similar sequences. Consequently searches need to be based on similarity or analogy – and not on exact pattern-matching. Then we insert randomly some sequences  , defined as " suspicious "   , and detect them through our threshold mechanism. The program slice is smaller than the whole program  , and therefore easier to read and understand. The representation for data objects and their relationships with each other is a relational data base with a pattern-matching access mechanism. goal-directed invocation. A more likely domain/range restriction enhances the candidate matching. For this pattern  , dbo:City is more likely to be a domain than dbo:Scientist  , and so for the range. A somewhat different approach to facilitate multiple language comprehension is DSketch. Application designers can exploit the programmability of the tuple spaces in different ways. We chose the first 20 changed versions. Feasible ? Nevertheless  , such pattern matching is well supported in current engines  , by using inverted lists– our realization can build upon similar techniques. Implementation We have developed a prototype tool for coverage refinement . The time overhead of event instrumentation and pattern matching is approximately 300 times to the program execution. One aspect of our work extends CPPL to include match statements that perform pattern matching. In this paper we are only interested in SPARQL CONSTRUCT queries. SPARQL is a query language for RDF based on graph pattern matching  , which is defined in 4. The result is empty  , if negatively matched statements are known to be negative. This definition of basic graph pattern matching treats positively matched statement patterns as in 4. Some question type has up to 500 patterns. Additionally  , a classifier approach is more difficult to evaluate and explain results. Two sets of rules are developed to generate numbers and entities  , respectively. AskDragon uses pattern matching rules to generate candidate answers. In this paper we will consider only B-tree indices. Blank nodes have to be associated with values during pattern matching similiar to variables. Besides variables SPARQL permits blank nodes in triple patterns. it changes the schema of the contained elements. The Entrez Gene database and MeSH database were used for query expansion. Our system first extracted key terms from topic narratives by pattern matching. In their most general forms these ope~'a~ors are somewhat problematic. Similarly  , the *PARAGRAPH* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single paragraph. Pattern matching approaches are widely used because of their simplicity. The idea of the so-called pyramid search is depicted in figure 3. attack or legitimate activity  , according to the IDS model. This step performs the intrusion detection task  , matching each test pattern to one of the classes i.e. µ is a solution in evalG W   , BGP   , if it is complete for BGP and Our context consistency checking allows any data structure for context descriptions. The first context instance in Figure 1has a matching relation with the first pattern in Figure 2. A type system based on regular expressions was studied by Tabuchi et al. Definition 5.4 Complex graph pattern matching. Now we define the evaluation of complex graph patterns by operations on sets of variable assignments similar to 11  , 13. Normal frames with a hea.der pattern can be used for both matching and inheritance . These frames are used for inheritance only. However  , header patterns of those frames cannot be inherited -only their cases. Worse  , some JS variables might not have declared types O5. Since the combinator used in the event pattern is or  , matching el is sufficient to trigger the action . Say that an announced event that matches el is received . It was shown in the PRIX system 17  that the above encoding supports ordered twig pattern matching efficiently. Refer to Section 3. In order to print matches and present the results in root-to-leaf order  , we extended the mechanism proposed by 5. For example  , tree pattern matching has also been extensively studied in XML stream environment 7  , 15 . There are many promising future directions. due to poor lighting conditions  , reflections or dust. The matching can fail in the case that the pattern does not appear  , e.g. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and then applies the soft-pattern model for matching these definition sentences. The liberty to choose any feature detector is the advantage of this method. Also  , this method can be accelerated using hierarchical methods like in the pattern matching approach. Also  , interfaces based on structured query languages  , SPARQL in particular  , are widely employed. To cope with the problem of blank nodes we need to extend the definition for an RDF instance mapping from 9: The relative calibration between the rigs is achieved automatically via trajectory matching. The individual stereo rigs are calibrated in a standard way using a calibration pattern. Otherwise  , if no graph pattern from C matches  , the source graph pattern P represents graphs that can be transformed into unsafe graphs by applying r  , and If a graph pattern from C matches the source graph pattern  , the application of r is either irrelevant  , as the source graph pattern already represents a forbidden state  , or impossible   , because it is preempted by another matching rule with higher priority. Note that one image-pattern neuron is added at every training point and the target's pose at that point is stored in conjunction with the image-pattern neuron for use later. The existing or newly created layer-pattern neurons one per layer image exactly matching the training image are then in tum defined as an image pattern  , and a corresponding imagepattern neuron is introduced with connections to the appropriate layer-pattern neurons. Generic tree pattern matching with similar pattern description syntax is widely used in generic tree transformation systems such as OPTRAN 16  , TXL 5  , puma 11  , Gentle 18  , or TRAFOLA 13  , as well as in retargetable code generation  , such as IBURG 10. The idea is to model  , both the structure of the database and the query a pattern on structure  , as trees  , to find an embedding of the pattern into the database which respects the hierarchical relationships between nodes of the pattern. Matching 15: is a query model relying on a single primitive: tree inclusion. To avoid such an overhead  , each time a pattern is converted from an expression  , the expression's instruction is added to the re-evaluation rules that include the new pattern. After experimenting with several structural pattern languages based on text  , we discovered that any moderately sophisticated tern quickly becomes difficult to understand. This led us to a pattern language that consists of fragments of Java source code  , augmented with wildcards  , pattern variables  , and semantic matching constraints such as " static type of this expression must be a subtype of java.lang. Serializeable " . We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. The role pattern correlation matrix is the most likely similar to the collaborative group correlation matrix. Therefore  , a reasonable role-based identification is to assign the role pattern correlation matrix F R 1 ,2 which is the most similar to the one C We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. Standard pruning is straightforward and can be accomplished simply by hashing atomsets into bins of suhstructures based on the set of mining bonds. This approach is faster than traditional approaches both because counting occurs without the need to go back to the entire molecule and because counting is done through pattern-pattern instead of pattern-dataset matching  , which results in far fewer comparisons. A pattern describes what will be affected by the transformation; an action describes the replacement for every matching instance of the pattern in the source code. This experiment showed that a traditional pattern/action-based description of a searchand-replace transformation is a natural way to describe code changes. Given the fact that a question pattern usually share few common words with each perspective  , we can hardly build effective matching models based on word-level information. Since the question pattern represents what information is being asked irrespective of the topic entity  , intuitively a correct candidate chain should match the question pattern from the above three perspectives. This year  , we further incorporated a new answer extraction component Shen and Lapata  , 2007 by capturing evidence of semantic structure matching. In TREC 2006 Shen et al. , 2006   , we developed a maximum entropy-based answer ranking module  , which mainly captures the evidences of expected answer type matching  , surface pattern matching and dependency relation correlation between question and answer sentences. Approximate string matching 16 is an alternative to exact string matching  , where one textual pattern is matched to another while still allowing a number of errors. from the LOD Laundromat collection to be findable through approximate string matching on natural language literals. These patterns  , mainly consisting of appositives and copulas  , are high-precision patterns represented in regular expressions  , for instance " <SEARCH_TERM> is DT$ NNP " . Each time cgrep returns matching strings  , they are removed from the document representation and the procedure is repeated with the same phrase. For each subphrase in the list we use cgrep – a pattern matching program for extracting minimal matching strings Clarke 1995 to extract the minimal spans of text in the document containing the subphrase. The exact matching requires a total mapping from query nodes to data nodes  , i.e. , all query nodes are exactly matched by their corresponding data nodes  , and each parent-child " / " resp. To perform a matching operation with respect to a contiguous word phrase  , two approaches are possible. The straightforward solution  , which recursively Figure 3: Tree-pattern matching by subsequence matching identifies matches for each node within the query sequence in order  , requires quadratic time in the document size and therefore becomes not competitive. The heart of those methods is the subsequence matching module. For example  , if OOPDTool detects an instance of the FactoryMethod design pattern  , it would detect not only the presence of this pattern in the design but also all classes corresponding to the Abstract Creator  , Concrete Creator  , Abstract Product  , and Concrete Product participants found in this design pattern instance. By selecting the desired design patterns  , the user is able to receive a report indicating the design patterns found  , and all the elements matching each participant role involved in the pattern. The problem of mining graph-structured data has received considerable attention in recent years  , as it has applications in such diverse areas as biology  , the life sciences  , the World Wide Web  , or social sciences. The conjunctivequery approach to pattern matching allows for an efficiently checkable notion of frequency  , whereas in the subgraph-based approach  , determining whether a pattern is frequent is NP-complete in that approach the frequency of a pattern is the maximal number of disjoint subgraphs isomorphic to the pattern 20. Results The data are summarized in Table 1   , which gives totals for each pattern/scope combination  , and in Fig- ure 4  , which graphs the totals for each pattern and scope examples not matching any pattern are grouped under UNKNOWN. PATTERN: Response SCOPE: Global PARAMIZTERS: Propositions boolean vector LTL: RequestedRegisterImpli As noted above  , all of the specifications we found are available on the World Wide Web at 8. The problem of finding the top-k lightest loopless path  , matching a pre-specified pattern  , is NP-hard and furthermore   , simple heuristics and straightforward approaches are unable to efficiently solve the problem in real time see Section 2.3. We then formalize the problem as top-k lightest paths problem   , targeting the top-k lightest loopless paths between the entities   , matching the path pattern see Section 2.1. We have adopted a " query language " approach  , using a well understood  , expressively limited  , relatively compact query language; with GENOA  , if an analyzer is written strictly using the sublanguage Qgenoa  , the complexity is guaranteed to be polynomial. The idea proposed in 9  is to compile XSLT <applytemplates/> instruction into a combination of XQuery's conditional expressions where the expression conditions literally model the template pattern matching and the expression bodies contain function calls that invoke the corresponding XQuery function that translated from the XSLT template. The challenging aspect here is to how to translate <apply-templates/> instruction  , which implicitly demands the template pattern matching. If the pattern has a 'don't care' symbol  , then the cell should essentially perform a 'unit stage delay' function to propagate the match signal from the previous stage to the next stage. The operation of the pattern matching cascade with sub-string matching capability and 'don't care' characters is illustrated in If the anchor vector has ls in positions s1  , $2 ,.. s k positions the strings x ,.. x ,  , x ,~ .. x ,  , x~  , .. x. have occurred in the text string. For example  , if we know that the label " 1.2.3.4 " presents the path " a/b/c/d "   , then it is quite straightforward to identify whether the element matches a path pattern e.g. " With the knowledge of this property  , we further consider that if the names of all ancestors of u can be derived from labelu alone  , then XML path pattern matching can be directly reduced to string matching . We have already mentioned bug pattern matchers 10  , 13  , 27: tools that statically analyze programs to detect specific bugs by pattern matching the program structure to wellknown error patterns. The authors' experience is similar to ours in that ESC/Java used without annotating testee code produces too many spurious warnings to be useful alone. To detect both known and unknown viruses effectively and accurately  , we must be able to combat viruses that are capable of self-encryption and polymorphism. Exact queries in Aranea are generated by approximately a dozen pattern matching rules based query terms and their part-of-speech tags; morpho-lexical pattern matches trigger the creation of reformulated exact queries. is likely to appear within ten words and fifty bytes to the right of the exact phrase " the Mesozoic period ended " . We describe one such optimization in this paper  , which is called pattern indexing and is based on the observation that a document typically matches just a relatively small set of patterns. Annotated Pattern Trees accept edge matching specifications that can lift the restriction of the traditional oneto-one relationship between pattern tree node and witness tree node. Instead we will try to show the intuition on APTs and LCs and walk through an example with them. This method creates a definition of length N by taking the The extracted partial syntax-tree pattern contains Figure 2: Pattern extraction and matching for a Genus-Species sentence from an example sentence. Then the individual sentences are sorted in order of decreasing " centrality  , " as approximated by IDF-weighted cosine distance from the definition centroid. first N unique sentences out of this sorted order  , and serves as the TopN baseline method in our evaluation . In 1  , we came to the conclusion that the pattern matching approach suffers from a relatively low recall because the answer patterns are often too specific. An answer pattern covers the target  , the property  , an arbitrary string in between these objects plus one token preceding or following the property to indicate where it starts or ends. Higher-level problems  , including inconsistency  , incompleteness and incorrectness can be identified by comparing the semi-formal model to the Essential interaction pattern and to the " best practice " examples of EUC interaction pattern templates. Low-level inconsistency problems can be identified such as natural language phrases without matching semi-formal model elements and meta-model constraint violations of the extracted model. Given a back-point βintv  , p index  , the uncertain part of sequence S is the sequence segment S i that is inside β.intv  , while the pattern segment P i   , which is possibly involved in uncertain matching  , could be any pattern segment starting from β.p index. After greedy testing fails  , we acquire a list of back-points. For example  , the head-and-shoulder pattern consists of a head point  , two shoulder points and a pair of neck points. In 16  , we proposed a flexible time series pattern-matching scheme that was based on the fact that interesting and frequently appearing patterns are typically characterized by a few critical points. Such tools do not generate concrete test cases and often result in spurious warnings  , due to the unsoundness of the modeling of language semantics. A straightforward way to solve the top-k lightest paths problem is to enumerate all paths matching the given path pattern and pick the top-k lightest paths. Here vertex 6 can be mapped to both the second vertex label and the fourth vertex label in the path pattern. Therefore  , we need to convert a triple pattern into a set of coordinates in data space  , using the same hash functions that we used for index creation  , to obtain coordinates for a given RDF triple. To determine relevant sources we first need to identify the region in data space that contains all possible triples matching the pattern. Section 3 describes the architecture of our definition generation system  , including details of our application of PRF to automatically label the training data for soft pattern generalization. It also became clear that developers want to use high-level structural concepts e.g. , a class  , a variable  , an if-statement to describe patterns  , and prefer to use fragments of source code to describe actions. A rewrite rule is a double grafting transformation consisting of a tree pattern T also called " the lefthand side "  and advice Γ that is applied to the source at all locations where T matches. An aspect is a set of pattern-matching-based rewrite rules that statically extend a given program with sets of programming statements and declarations that together implement a crosscutting concern. The worst case scenario would be for the optimizer to not incorporate sorting into the pattern tree match and apply it afterwards. The selectivity of such query is determined by the original selection and the trees produced when matching the pattern tree of the selection to the database. Pattern matching deal with two problems  , the graph isomorphism problem that has a unknown computational complexity  , and the subgraph isomorphism problem which is NP-complete. in determining if there exists a mapping or isomorphism  between a graph pattern and a subgraph of a database graph use cases 2.1  , 2.12 and 2.13 in DAWG Draft 58. We expressly do not wish to support this because it would correspond to replay attacks and violate freshness assump- tions. We assume that XML documents are tokenized by a languagedependent tokenizer to identify linguistic tokens. To demonstrate how an application can add new facts to the YAGO ontology  , we conducted an experiment with the knowledge extraction system Leila 25 . Third  , template parameters  , as opposed to XQuery function parameters   , may be optional. However  , sequence < 1  , 3  , 2 > supports < 1  , 3 >. They hence can be pushed to be executed in the navigation pattern matching stage for deriving variable bindings. Intuitively  , this can be done because these constraints and conditions are  , in a sense  , analogous to the relational selection operations. Nevertheless  , CnC possibly suffers more than bug pattern matching tools in this regard because it has no domain-specific or context knowledge. As mentioned earlier  , every automatic error checking system has this weakness. With the use of AI techniques for semantic pattern matching  , it may be possible to build a relatively successful library manager. Simple keyword searching is unlikely to be adequate. In IntelliJ IDEA  , there is a facility called Structural Search and Replace that enables limited transformations by pattern matching on the syntax tree. In Eclipse  , it requires writing a new plugin  , and mastery of a number of complex APIs. The pattern-matching techniques  , such as PMD  , are unsound but scale well and have been effectively employed in industry. These likely locations are reported to programmers typically at coding-time. Patterns were originally developed to capture recurring solutions to design and coding prob- lems 12 . We adopted a pattern-based approach to presenting our specification abstractions because of its focus on the matching of problem characteristics to solution strategies. Furthermore   , it allows for restriction of the query domain  , similar to context definitions in SOQUET 8 . When a group of methods have similar names  , we summarize these methods as a scope expression using a wild-card pattern matching operator . The only methods transformed are those in the scope but not in the exceptions. Certain PREfast analyses are based on pattern matching in the abstract syntax tree of the C/C++ program to find simple programming mistakes. As a result  , the PREfast analyses are inexpensive  , accounting for negligible percentage of compile time. For instance  , in the following case. We have thus decided to combine navigational probing with FSMs and present a new method SINGLEDFA for this category. At each point  , partial or total pattern matching is performed  , depending on the existing partial matches and the current node. In a first step the name is converted to its unique SMILES representation: For each matching SMARTS pattern  , we set the corresponding bit to 1. Let us consider our chemist searching for Sildenafil. Exact pattern matching in a suux tree involves one partial traversal per query. We currently estimate this threshold to be in the region of minimum query length of 10 to 12 letters for human chromosomes.  We show the efficient coordination of queries spanning multiple peers. This paper has explored the integration of traditional database pattern matching operators and numeric scientific operators. Integrating support for arrays  , as well as operations on them  , is an important extension of this research which we are currently investigating. These patterns  , such as looking for copular constructions and appositives  , were either hand-constructed or learned from a training corpus. Many systems used pattern-matching to locate definition-content in text. The patterns used in ILQUA are automatically learned and extracted. However in some situations  , external knowledge is helpful  , the challenge here is how to acquire and apply external knowledge. The what questions that are classified by patterns are in Table  ? ?. Some What questions are classified by pattern matching and  , for the rest of questions  , the question focus is used to classify the questions. For query generation  , we modify verb constructions with auxiliaries that differ in questions and corresponding answers  , e.g. " To facilitate pattern matching   , all verbs are replaced by their infinitives and all nouns by their singular forms. The system then builds semantic representation for both the question and the selected sentences. We try to find the answer from the sentence list returned without a match by the pattern matching step. We found that 12 ,006 reports had one visit associated while 2 ,387 of the reports had more than or equal to 10 visits. Using simple pattern matching we extracted section headings and identified segments pertaining to different population and age groups. Besides generating seed patterns  , the Pattern Matching method also relies on the ability of tagging the words correctly. In order to do that  , we collected list of cities  , list of states  , and list of countries. An example of the pattern matching operation is shown in Figure 19 The 'anchor' input line could be pulsed with arrival of every text character  , in which case the operations will take place in the 'unanchored' mode. This occurs because  , during crawling  , only the links matching the regular expression in the navigation pattern are traversed. Notice that  , in all cases  , the numbers in the " Crawling " column are smaller than the numbers in the " Generation " column. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. When certain characters are found in an argument  , they cause replacement of that argument by a sorted list of zero or more file names obtained by pattern-matching on the contents of directories. Many command arguments are names of files. Most characters match themselves. In general  , mining specifications through pattern matching produces a large result set. Adding then becomes a sequence of Boolean operations: we intersect the value to add with the " adder " BDD and remove the original value by existential quantification. Previous work 10  , 18  , 25 on mining alternating specifications has largely focused on developing efficient ranking and selection mechanisms . The type of the exception thrown is compared with the exception types declared as arguments in each catch block. No matching pattern indicates that PAR cannot generate a successful patch for a bug since no fix template has appropriate editing scripts. Generating this predicate from scratch is challenging. Word expert parsers 77  seem particularly suitable ; the TOPIC system employs one to condense information from article abstracts into frames 39. Flexible parsing methods  , often based on pattern matching  , are of value in these situations 41. In particular  , there are two sets of rules predicates which work together to identify the set of successor tasks. The generation of potential candidates i s performed by Prolog's pattern matching. EDITOR is a procedural language 4 for extraction and restructuring of text from arbitrary documents. Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. by embedding meta data with RDFa. Atheris relies on the robust pattern-matching technique of ViPER and introduces an abstraction layer between web pages and additional functionality for these pages changing the appearance  , adding information  , etc. outline preliminaries in Sect. For a partial binding b  , we refer to a pattern tp i with no matching triple as unevaluated and write * in b's i-th position: The deletion of triples also removes the knowledge that has been inferred from these triples. RDF triples can also be removed from the knowledge base by providing a statement pattern matching the triples to be deleted delete. Relevant datasets are selected using the predicate-matching method  , that a triple pattern is assigned to datasets that contains its predicate. However  , as admitted by the authors  , detailed VoID files are unlikely to be available on a large scale. There is often not much texture in indoor man-made environments for high coverage dense stereo matching. We can see that the coverage of the 3D model is increased substantially with the pattern projector. Accordingly  , it is able to localize points more precisely even if an image is suffering from noise. On the other hand  , pattern matching method performs directly on original image. Because the feature abstracting is time-consuming  , this kind of method is difficult to realize in real time. We use a method  , which is based on binary morphological operation  , to recognize the micro tube. It is not suitable to use pattern matching method to recognize the micro injector because of the low efficiency and poor accuracy. During the preliminary system learning two binary images are formed fig. Due to high TV raster stability and precision of manipulators that are used for the next LCD positioning the task was reduced to binary pattern matching. Another advantage is that for the rotation of the object only few sample points have to be rotated. Subgrouping may occur based on the group's task  , position within the swarm  , entity size  , role or a combination of factors. Figure 9shows an interesting inversed staircase pattern due to the reverse presentation order. Typical cross reactions between similar patterns are actually desired and illustrate a certain tolerance for inexact matching. Our second major enhancement to traditional parallel coordinates visualization allows the user to query shapes based on approximate pattern matching. The query can be formed either by indicating an example data point or by specifying the shape of interest explicitly. However  , conversations are bound to evolve in different conversational patterns  , leading to a progressive decay in the matching ambiguity. This is observed   , first  , because most conversations in the beginning exhibit a customary dialog pattern  " hi  , " " how are you  , " etc. each sentiment phrase detected Section 3.3  , SA determines its target and final polarity based on the sentiment pattern database Section 3.1.2. Note that figures 7 and 8 represent matching results of the sequences grouped into the same cluster. Since this pattern was commonly observed regardless of virus type and administration of IFN  , it implied ineffective cases of IFN treatment. As joins are expressed by conjunctions of multiple triple patterns and associated variables  , a prerequisite for join source selection is the identification of relevant sources for a given triple pattern. It matches the exact source code fragment selected by the user and all the other source code fragments that are textually similar to the selection whitespace and comments are ignored by the pattern matcher. The generated pattern is concrete  , that is  , it contains no wildcards and no matching constraints. For example  , the proximity function can be evaluated by keeping track of the word count in relation to specified set of pattern matches. The queries in classes 7 and 8 can be implemented by the SFEU by combining the results of basic pattern matching. The elementary graph pattern is called a basic graph pattern BGP; it is a set of triple patterns which are RDF triples that may contain variables at the subject  , predicate  , and object position. SPARQL is based on graph patterns and subgraph matching. The C-SPARQL 1 extension enabled the registration of continuous SPARQL queries over RDF streams  , thus  , bridging data streams with knowledge bases and enabling stream reasoning. Two important types of patterns are the value change pattern and the failure pattern. After the matching is completed  , sorting of variables is performed to enable the user to view those most interesting patterns in nearby sections of the horizontal axis. An example for this definition is given by evaluating the query from Example 5.1 on the dataset of Example 5.2 delivering the result as indicated in example 5.3. These potential problems are highlighted to the engineer using visual annotations on the EUC model elements. Matching of a substantial part of an extracted EUC model to an EUC pattern indicates potential incompleteness and/or incorrectness at the points of deviation from the pattern. In terms of CASE tools support  , we are testing a few mechanisms that allow generation of constraints for pattern verification as well as matching rules for pattern recovery given a UML design model. We are currently working on the specification of leitmotif behavior with the aid of Action Semantics. This model can represent insertion  , deletion and framing errors as well as substitution errors. In this model  , a pair i  , j of original and recognized string lengths is used as an error pattern of OCR and weight  , or a penalty of incorrect recognition is assigned to each pattern to calculate the similarity of two strings by dynamic programming matching. Then extracted sentences are scanned  , detecting the constructs matching the template < person1 >< pattern >< person2 > such as <Barack Obama><and his rival><John McCain>  , using a person names dictionary and a sliding window with a pattern length of three words. The entity pairs are extracted from the body of the archived documents first by splitting the documents into sentences using the Stanford CoreNLP library 4 . To reduce noise in the data we exclude pairs with identical names and discard overly long sentences and patterns. The individual right that the teacher Martin holds  , allowing him to reproduce an excerpt of the musical piece during a lesson  , is derived from the successful matching between the instances describing the intended action and the instances describing the pattern. The intended action is highlighted on the bottom half and the top half is the permission pattern. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. The graph pattern included in a SPARQL query is converted into a composition of such iterators  , according to a created query plan. Thus in the experiments below  , for the target set any attribute value that is not specifically of interest as specified by the target pattern retains its original value for determining matching rules. Where target pattern means: the set of attribute values in the target set that are being evaluated. 3 Many research works for the repeating patterns have been on an important subtype: the tandem repeats 10  , where repeating copies occur together in the sequence. The matching degree is calculated in two parts. Using the same window size w  , the token fragment S surrounding the <SCH_TERM> is retrieved: The matching degree of the test sentence to the generalized definition patterns is measured by the similarity between the vector S and the virtual soft pattern vector Pa. On the other hand  , the pattern in Figure 2a will not capture all resale activities due to the limitation of using the single account matching. It is much desired that an elastic matching of items can be used to accurately identify resales. The second factor requires matching specific tuple occurrences γ Section 4.2  , which can only be executed when the query terms e.g. , " amazon " and #phone and patterns e.g. , ow are specified. For example   , one cannot constrain the matching of events that logically match various parts of the same event pattern to those events that were generated by the same user or on the same machine. Snoop  , however  , does not provide mechanisms for using contextual in- formation to constrain event matching. Incorporating individual slots' probabilities enables the bigram model to allow partial matching  , which is a characteristic of soft pattern matching. This is because the position of a token is important in modeling: for instance  , a comma always appears in the first slot right of the target in an appositive expression. In other words  , even if some slots cannot be matched  , the bigram model can still yield a high match score by combining those matched slots' unigram probabilities. If no handler is found in the whole call stack  , the exception handler mechanism either propagates a general exception or the program is terminated. In LOTUS  , query text is approximately matched to existing RDF literals and their associated documents and IRI resources Req1. To train these semantic matching models  , we need to collect three training sets  , formed by pairs of question patterns and their true answer type/pseudopredicate/entity pairs. Three matching models shall be learned for question pattern respectively paired with answer type  , pseudopredicate   , and entity pairs. The tool implementation of MATA has been extended to include matching of any fragments using AGG as the back-end graph rule execution engine. Since MATA is based on graph transformations  , sequence pointcuts can be handled in a straightforward manner since they are just another application of pattern matching-based weaving.  The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. The stack enables the testing of parent-child and ancestor-descendant relationships and limits the search space during the subsequence matching. system  , with rules maximizing recall  , 2 Pass the grammar annotated data through an ML system based on Carreras  , X. et al  , 2003  , and 3 In the spirit of Mikheev  , A. et al  , 1998 perform partial matching on the text. Techniques were used for query expansion  , tokenization  , and eliminating results due solely to matching an acronym on the query side with an acronymic MeSH term. The first phase consisted of pattern matching between query terms and MeSH terms that are found in MeSH regular descriptor file and MeSH supplementary concept records file. However the matching is not straightforward because of the two reasons. Since the positions of the acoustic landmarks are independent of the current position of a mobile robot  , we may localize the mobile robot by matching the newly acquired two dimensional pattern of the reflectors with that of the acoustic landmarks. Consider a software system that is modeled by its inheritance and containment graphs  , and the task is to analyze how many instances of the design pattern Composite are used in the design of the system. During the training session  , the above extraction pattern is applied to the web page and the first table matching the pattern is returned as the web clip. Thus  , one of the extraction patterns would be a <TABLE> element that immediately follows a <DIV> with the text " Sample Round-trip fares between: " . This is presented to the user by Figure 4: Training session highlighting the clipped element with a blue border. Therefore  , in the following components we treat URLs matching with each pattern as a separate source of information. It is shown by our experiments that each selected URL pattern usually matches with a large number of URLs of the same format. If a sample graph vertex label matches the pattern but is not correctly mapped to the model graph vertex then the fitness of the projection is reduced. Accordingly   , our approach allows the user to specify regular expression patterns as part of the fitness function such that sample graph vertices matching the pattern should be clustered and mapped to a particular model graph vertex. The tool compares extracted EUC models to our set of template EUC interaction patterns that represent valid  , common ways of capturing EUC models for a wide variety of domains. As part of an earlier task on a system that supported the visualization of object connections in a distributed system  , the subject had implemented a locking mechanism to allow only one method of an object to execute at one time. But the pattern is quite difficult to understand so it helps to have this pattern level view and this matching into the source code. 3 In case some attributes are non-nullable  , we use SET DEFAULT to reset attributes values to their default value. 2 In contrast  , when matching a data tuple t and a pattern tuple tp  , tX tpX is false if tX contains null  , i.e. , CFDs only apply to those tuples that precisely match a pattern tuple  , which does not contain null. Certainly  , if the lexicon is available in main memory it can be scanned using normal pattern rnatching techniques to locate partially specified terms. Standard languages for interactive text retrieval include pattern-matching constructs such as wild characters and other forms of partial specification of query terms 1121. Each of the rewriting patterns contains a * symbol  , which encodes the required position of the answer in the text with respect to the pattern. Each rewriting rule is composed of one Perl-like question matching pattern and one or more rewriting patterns. In the next section  , we will see that estimating the intended path from an incomplete sequence of the subject's motion even after it is started holds technical utility. Here  , the problem of estimating an intended path pattern is defined as a pattern matching problem from incomplete data sequence of a human motion in its early stage. Each fragment matching a triple pattern fragment is divided into pages  , each page contains 100 triples. The key is a triple pattern fragment where the predicate is a constant and the value is the set of triples that matches the fragment 16. Thus  , by saving the 3D edge identifiers in dlata points of a CP pattern  , correspondence between the model edges and the image edges can be obtained after matching. However  , the data points of the CP pattern are related to a corresponding edge of a CAD model. This is done without any overhead in the procedure of counting conditional databases. The difference of CMAR from other associative classification methods is that for every pattern  , CMAR maintains the distribution of various class labels among data objects matching the pattern. Threshold-based approaches consider an event to occur when sensor readings exceed a pre-defined threshold value. In the first case  , the Triplify script searches a matching URL pattern for the requested URL  , replaces potential placeholders in the associated SQL queries with matching parts in the request URL  , issues the queries and transforms the returned results into RDF cf. when a URL in the Triplify namespace is accessed or in advance  , according to the ETL paradigm Extract-Transform-Load. That allowed us to achieve the purpose of this method which was the extraction of a much larger number of matching points than in the previous method. A truly robust solution needs to include other techniques  , such as machine learning applied to instances  , natural language technology  , and pattern matching to reuse known matches. While we believe we have made progress on the schema-matching problem  , we do not claim to have solved it. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate sentences or passages and a list of named entities are generated as answer candidate. contiguous and non-contiguous combinations of words are generated and ranked in the descending order of their length. In addition to weighting the importance of matching data in the high-information regions  , it would also be appropriate to weight the most current data more strongly. The described general procedure for pattern matching could utilize the entire history of data acquired durin g an assembly attempt. Characteristics of projective transformation is also utilized to perform correspondences between two coordinate systems and to extract points. The pattern matching for the rules is done by recursive search with optimisations  , such as identifying an optimal ordering for the evaluation of the rules and patterns. For inferencing Cwm uses a forward chain reasoner for N3 rules. Like ML  , it has important features such as pattern matching and higher-order functions  , while allowing the use of updatable references. JunGL is primarily a functional language in the tradition of ML. The advantages of this type of programming language in compiler-like tools is well-known 1. XOBE is an extension of Java  , which does support XPath expressions  , but subtyping is structural. Navigation of XML values in Xtatic is accomplished by pattern matching  , which has different characteristics than those of XPath expressions. But they cannot combine data streams with evolving knowledge  , and they cannot perform reasoning tasks over streaming data. As mentioned above  , current EP systems 1  , 6  , 8  do real-time pattern matching over unbound event streams. Secondly  , having a more accurate selection in an incremental transformation allows minimizing the instructions that need to be re-evaluated. Clearly  , video indexing is complex and many factors influence both how people select salient segments. This also makes automatic summarization easier because human voices can be easily recognized and pattern matching should be useful for recognizing many natural sounds. The Jena graph implementation for non-inference in-memory models supports the look-up for the number of triples matching either a subject  , a predicate or an object of a triple pattern. We use such information to compute selectivities. 630 where Φ 1 and Φ 2 are relations representing variable assignments and their annotations. The following definition will specify how complex formulae from F  , which serve as annotations for results of matching complex graph pattern  , will be derived. In standard SPARQL query forms  , such as SE- LECT and CONSTRUCT  , allow to specify how resulting variable bindings or RDF graphs  , respectively  , are formed based on the solutions from graph pattern matching 15 . Query forms. We proposed VERT  , to solve these content problems   , by introducing relational tables to index values. Traditional twig pattern matching techniques suffer from problems dealing with contents  , such as difficulty in data content management and inefficiency in performing content search. In addition to the data provided by Zimmermann et al. 31  , extracted the data from the Eclipse code repository and bug database and mapped defects to source code locations files using some heuristics based on pattern matching. The argument p is often called a template  , and its fields contain either actuals or formals. Another related work is a recent study in 2 on approximate string joins using functions such as cosine similarity. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. The FSM stores partial results as the document is parsed sequentially in document order. Thus  , treating a Web repository as an application of a text retrieval system will support the " document collection " view. in conjunction with query languages that enable keyword querying  , pattern matching e.g. , regular expressions  , substrings  , and structural queries 2. The set of common attributes is preconfigured as domain knowledge  , which is used in attribute matching as well. Therefore  , by incorporating this pattern in the grammar  , the same form extractor automatically recognizes such exclusive attributes. A large body of work in combinatorial pattern matching deals with problems of approximate retrieval of strings 2  , 11. 16 study how to estimate selectivity of fuzzy string predicates. We designed our method for databases and files where records are stored once and searched many times. We describe a novel string pattern matching principle  , called n-gram search  , first proposed in preliminary form in 10. In the general computer science literature  , pattern matching is among the fundamental problems with many prominent contributions 4 . 15 propose a different method that trades search capability for much less security. They are sorted according to question type and can handle more anchor terms. However  , datadriven techniques Section 5 offer additional protection from false or extraneous matches by lowering the importance ranking of information not corroborated elsewhere in the data. From all these images  , the software mentioned above detected matching points on the calibration pattern for each pan and tilt configuration. Stereo images at different pan and tilt angles were captured. Most current models of the emotion generation or formation are focused on the cognitive aspects. The one extracts a cognitive image aimed at pattern matching  , and the other creates a perceptual imagelO  , 111. Systems like EP-SPARQL 4 define pattern matching queries through a set of primitive operators e.g. the context of SFP  , the query model is a discriminating property between systems. Thus question answering cannot be reduced to mere pattern matching  , but requires firstorder theorem proving. Though the proposed annotations have a simple structure  , background knowledge is complex  , and in general involves quantification  , negation  , and disjunction. Further  , research methods and contextual relations are identified using a list of identified indicator phrases. In information extraction  , important concepts are extracted from specific sections and their relationships are extracted using pattern matching. More like real life.. pattern matching using the colours can be used for quicker reference. " Many positive comments were made about the opportunity of using colour to discriminate between tabs  , e.g. " In parallel  , semantic similarity measures have been developed in the field of information retrieval  , e.g. In the fields of image recognition and general pattern matching  , geometric similarity measures have been a topic of study for many years 9. First  , the new documents are parsed to extract information matching the access pattern of the refined path. Adding new documents to the refined path index is accomplished in two steps. We compared the labels sizes of four labeling schemes in Table 2. As we will show in our experiments  , it is worth using this additional space-overhead  , since it significantly improves the performance of XML twig pattern matching. Finally  , K query partitions are created by assigning the queries in the i th bucket of any pattern to query partition i. If the query involves multiple patterns  , it is randomly assigned to one of the matching buckets. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 To accomplish creation of inventory on future patterns   , a trigger as implemented in DBAL is defined . It entails a match step to find all rules with a context pattern matching the current context. Selection rules allow a straight-forward and efficient implementation of recommender selection. The FM-INDEX  , introduced by Ferragina and Manzini 6  , is a data structure used for pattern matching. The idea is to use that view to model pat t em-mat thing queries  , which we impose to have flat structure. Given an external concept  , we perform a pattern matching on the thesaurus  , made of the following operations : a-1 inclusion step : We look for a thesaurus item i.e a clique which includes the given group. a The transformation step :. The resulting fingerprint for Sildenafil is 1100. Therefore  , it is effective in giving the number n of unmatched characters permitted on pattern matching. Generally  , it is useful to deal mechanically with a misspelling  , an inflection and the different representation such as 'three body' and 'three-body'. Thus  , the larger the text collection is  , the greater the probability that simple pattern matching techniques will yield the correct answer. Naturally  , this simple technique depends crucially on the corpus having an answer formulated in a specific way. A considerable number of NEs of person  , organization and location appear in texts with no obvious surface patterns to be captured. We used pattern matching to extract and normalize this information. Some of the demographic information  , such as gender  , age  , and specific conditions  , such as patients weight  , were only mentioned in the text. We have plans on generating classifiers for slot value extraction purposes. Furthermore  , on extracting slot values  , pattern matching might not be the best options but definitely can produce some good results at hand. This automatic slot filling system contains three steps. For the Streaming Slot Filling task  , our system achieved the goal of filling slots by employing a pattern learning and matching method. In evaluations  , we only vary the definition pattern matching module while holding constant all other components and their parameters. In our experiments  , the base definition generation system used is the system discussed in Section 2 and illustrated in Figure 1. Additionally  , ultrasonic diagnosis images were obtained for which pattern matching was performed to measure the virtual target position. At the time  , both the force acting on the needle and the displacement of the needle were measured. Normally  , the For the detection of the same object rotated around the z-axis of the image plane  , the template has to be rotated and searched from scratch. Detection time with angle increment 6 5 5 varies between 2-4 seconds. Pattern Matching In our case  , a highly optimized routine of the MATROX library 19  was employed using hierarchical search. In other words  , the object features used for pattern matching refer to the latter distribution. For a particular object template  , they consist of a representation of the distribution of the object's color histogram. We emphasize that nothing is encoded about how t o construct a successor node from a given node. Our stereo-vision system has been designed specifically for QRIO. If there are other peaks with similar matching scores then the disparity computation is ambiguous repeating pattern and the reliability is set to a low value. Each sign is recognized by matching the operator's finger positions to the corresponding pattern acquired during calibration. The operator communicates to the robot via four hand signs: point  , preshape  , halt  , and estop emergency stop. Each of the 41 QA track runs ~ ,vas re-scored using the pattern matching judgments. In addition  , assessors accepted various model numbers such as Peugeot 405s  , 309s  , 106s  , 504s  , 505s  , 205s  , and 306s. However they are quite often used probably  , unconsciously! The main challenge here has been that two sequences are almost never identical. The testing system of improved pre-decode pattern matching circuit is described in Figure 7. . The experiment environment is Xilinx Virtex4 xc4vlx200 which is synthesis by Synplify and is implemented by ISE. which the other components on this level rely. Typical examples of parameter estimators are pattern matching with video cameras; collision prediction; detection of task switching conditions; identification of dynamic parameters of the load of the system; etc. Each size of the model of quadrangle  , each location of the pattern matching model  , and the location of the center of iris are established. Fig.5shows an example of model location setting on the basis of the inputted eye image. An online pattern matching mechanism comparing the sensor stream to the entire library of already known contexts is  , however  , computational complex and not yet suitable for today's wearable devices. Therefore  , an ongoing monitoring of the sensor stream is needed. In general  , introducing uncertainty into pattern discovery in temporal event sequences will risk for the computational complexity problem. However  , within an uncertain interval   , the computational complexity for matching increases. The time points are identified for the best matching of the segments with pattern templates. Moreover  , the time points identified using different dlen are independent comparing Fig.l7a with Fig.17@ and Fig.lBa with Fig.l8@. Second  , we allow for some degree of tolerance when we try to establish a matching between the vertex-coordinates of the pattern and its supporting transaction. some of which are shown in Figure 2b. Entity annotation systems  , datasets and configurations like experiment type  , matching or measure are implemented as controller interfaces easily pluggable to the core controller. GERBIL abides by a service-oriented architecture driven by the model-view-controller pattern see Figure 1. Whenever a context change is detected  , the change is immediately examined to decide its influence on pat. In contrast  , each pattern  , say pat  , maintains a matching queue to store the last matched context instances i.e. , pat. words are mapped to their base forms thus completely solving the problem with the generation of plural forms. Unlike the approach presented in this paper  , PORE does not incorporate world knowledge  , which would be necessary for ontology building and extension. PORE is a holistic pattern matching approach  , which has been implemented for relation-instance extraction from Wikipedia. Most approaches applicable to our problem formulation use some form of pattern matching to identify definition sentences. The learned soft patterns are used to judge whether sentences are definitional. In a similar fashion  , it keeps track of the provenance of all entities being retrieved in the projections getEntity. For each molecule inspected  , our system keeps track of the provenance of any triple matching the current pattern being handled checkIfTripleExists. Similar to most existing approaches  , our information extractor can only be applied to web pages with uniform format. □ When matching a URL with a pattern there are three outcomes: These techniques have also been used to extend WordNet by Wikipedia individuals 21 . These approaches use information extraction technologies that include pattern matching  , natural-language parsing  , and statistical learning 25  , 9  , 4  , 1  , 23  , 20  , 8 . Multi-level grouping can be efficiently supported in V ERT G . After that  , in the second phase we use the table indices on values  , together with the result from pattern matching  , to perform grouping and compute aggregate functions. Details can be found in 26. From a matching logic perspective  , unlike in other program verification logics  , program variables like root are not logical variables; they are simple syntactic constants. Variables like  ?root are existentially quantified over the pattern  , while E  , T  , H  , C are free. The system scaffolds the creation of a transformation by automatically generating initial patterns from a textual selection in source code. The authors of the data set  , Zimmermann et al. All experiments reported in this section are conducted in a Sun Linux cluster with 20 nodes running CentOS 5  , x86_64 edition. Breakpoint preparation asks GDB to set a number of breakpoints on lines which could possibly correspond to events requested by a fget. If a token is found in a database  , this information is added to token feature. Our approach combines a number of complementary technologies  , including information retrieval and various linguistic and extraction tools e.g. , parsing  , proposition recognition  , pattern matching and relation extraction for analyzing text. In TREC 2003 QA  , we focused on definitional questions. The weight of the matched sub-tree of a pattern is defined by the formula: For the evaluation of the importance of partially matching sub-trees we use a scoring scheme defined in Kouylekov and Tanev  , 2004. We describe herein a Web based pattern mining and matching approach to question answering. The power of textual patterns for question answering looks quite amazing and stimulating to us. The system overview is shown in Fig.2. In the data set  , we are given 4 months of data October 2011 -February 2012 as training data. The traditional method employed by PowerAnswer to extract nuggets is to execute a definition pattern matching module. For this reason we used the semantic classifications generated by our named entity recognizer to discover such relations when looking for relevant passages. Third  , further work needs to be done for answering Other questions for events. For either representation  , we first drop unnecessary punctuation marks and phrases such as " socalled " or " approximately " . This subsection gives an overview of the basic ideas and describes recent enhancements to improve the recall of answer extraction. In 1   , we discussed our pattern matching approach in detail. Graph matching has been a research focus for decades 2  , especially in pattern recognition  , where the wealth of literature cannot be exhausted. In order to tackle graph containment search  , a new methodology is needed. Yet usually  , there are many possible ways to syntactically express one piece of semantic information making a na¨ıvena¨ıve syntactic " pattern matching " approach problematic at best. This would be less expensive than the semantic approach. Since they end with the word died  , we use pattern matching to remove them from the historic events. The dates of death serve as a baseline since they are likely represented by a single sentence in Wikipedia. Automatic music summarization approaches can be classified into machine learning based approaches 1 ,2 ,3 and pattern matching based approaches 4 ,5 ,6. Automatic music summarization and video summarization have attracted research activity in the past few years. An interesting goal of an intelligent IRS may be to retrieve information which can be deduced from the basic knowledoe given by the thesaurus. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : Further difficulties result from the occurrence of grammatical and spelling errors  , which are very common in unpublished communications 11. We take both patterns and test instances as sequences of lexical and syntactic tokens. When conducted on free texts  , an IE system can also suffer from various unseen instances not being matched by trained patterns. Here  , " Architecture " is an expression of the pattern-matching sublanguage. A book has an introduction  , a number of chapters  , a bibliography and chapter parent title same " Architecture "   , is the set of all chapters of all books titled " Architecture " . Other words in the question might be represented in the question by a synonym which will not be found by simple pattern matching. Proper nouns from the question are going to be represented in any paragraph containing a possible answer. We have shown that a mixed algebra and type model can be used to perform algebraic specification and optimization of scientific computations. Com* * Work partially funded by the EGov IST Project and by the Wisdom project  , http://wisdom.lip6.fr. Using it for pattern matching promises much higher efficiency than using the original record. The information contained in a single character in the CAS encoding includes information about all preceeding characters in the string. This is the biggest challenge of rewriting XSLT into XQuery. The main difference is however  , that XSLT templates are activated as a result of dynamic pattern matching while XQuery functions are invoked explicitly. The rules with the highest weights then indicate the recommenders to be applied. The third interaction module that we implemented is a rhythmic phrase-matching improvisation module. Arm i plays a phrase based on a probabilistic striking pattern  , which can be described as a vector of probabilities Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. A similar landmark is used in 7  , two concentric circles that produce in the sensor image an elliptical edge. This ensures that there is no simple pattern  , such as the query always precisely matching the title of the page in question. In other cases words were added or omitted. Although we endeavored to keep queries short  , we did not sacrifice preciseness to do so. At the end of this phase  , the logical database subset has been produced. This means that all data has to be imported and converted once  , making it less suitable for Web views. Modifying these lists is an easy task and was successfully carried out by non-expert users. In the Collocation matching activity  , students compete in pairs to match parts of a collocation pattern. LLDL is particularly useful for learning collocations because it contains a large amount of genuine text and provides useful search facilities. Listing 1 shows an example query. XSPARQL extends XQuery by two additional grammar expressions: the SparqlForClause to use SPARQL's graph pattern matching facility including operators  , and the ConstructClause to allow straightforward creation of RDF graphs. Then the position data are transmitted to each the satellite. The CCD camera installed over the flat floor detmnines the positions of the satellites by the pattern matching to markers drown on the satellites. For assessing pattern validity  , we use a simple measure based on the relative frequency of matching contexts in the context set. More specialized patterns have lower thresholds  , but are only induced if the induction of more general patterns fails. The procedure of creating start-point list is illustrated in Fig. Since the malicious part is encrypted  , the behavior of the active virus cannot be determined by program code checking. Others 51  , 32 can automatically infer rules by mining existing software; they raise warnings if violations of the rules occur. Most of the pattern-matching tools 10  , 14  , 13  , 9 require users to specify the buggy templates. Figure 2illustrates two patterns: 1 somebody enters Classroom 2464; 2 somebody is staying in some place.  We propose two optimizations based on semantic information like object and property  , which can further enhance the query performance. V ERT G inherits all the advantages of VERT  , including the efficiency in matching complex query pattern. Thus at the end of initialization  , each tp-node has a BitMat associated with it which contains only the triples matching that triple pattern. Note that all these operations are done directly on the compressed BitMats. In general we observed that a small but specific set of attributes are sufficient indicators of a navigational page. Note that we use rounded rectangles to depict extraction steps and hexagons to depict pattern matching steps. While Prolog is based on unification and backtracking  , B is based on a simple but powerful pattern-matching mechanism whose application is guided by tactics. 111 that sense  , it has a similar philosophy as a Prolog interpreter. The scope of these free variables is restricted to the rule where they appear just like for Prolog clauses. In this first rule  , X and Y are used as free variables for the pattern matching. For example  , one instrumentation rule states " Measure the response time of all calls to JDBC " . Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed. First  , we plan to support additional features such as ordering and aggregation in result customization. Leading data structures utilized for this purpose are suffix trees 11 and suffix arrays 2. For brevity  , we have omitted most of the components used to support keyword queries. For example  , Figure 1shows an example query plan for a path query in which some constraints involve standard graph pattern matching. For example  , suppose an input text contains 20 desired data records  , and a maximal repeat that occurs 25 times enumerates 18 of them. The matching percentage is used because the pattern may contain only a portion of the data record. In our work  , a rule-based approach using string pattern matching is applied to generate a set of features. Advanced features can be inferred using rulebased approaches or machine-learning approaches. 5  employed a simple method which defines several manuallyconstructed definition patterns to extract definition phrases. Using standard negation as failure here as in 4  , would let the bound negation succeed. For example  , the extended VarTrees and TagTrees of example Q1 and Q2 are depicted in Figure 6respectively. In reporting on KMS for TREC 2004  , we described in detail the major types of functions employed: XML  , linguistic  , dictionary  , summarization  , and miscellaneous string and pattern matching. This method only obtained 9 additional answers in TREC 2005. They are sorted according to question types and can handle more anchor terms. A list of over 150 positive and negative precomputed patterns is loaded into memory. The composition of the patterns  , the testing methodology  , and the results  , are detailed in Fernandes  , 2004. Examples of sentences from the corpus matching each pattern are shown in Figure 5  , with emphasis on targets from this year's competition . It does not have natural language understanding capabilities  , but employs simple pattern matching and statistics. Our QA system is constructed using methods of classical IR  , enhanced with simple heuristics. The idea of partial pattern matching is based on the assumption that the answer is usually surrounded by keywords and their synonyms. , " When was the first camera invented "   , etc. Geometric hashing 14 has been proposed aa a technique for fast indexing. Efficient indexing based matching of two and three dimensional 2D/3D models to their views in images has been addressed in computer vision and pattern recognition. So the translation between these constructs is straightforward. The strategy of the pattern-matching can be ruled by an action planner able to dynamically define partial goals to reach. -Application step : It consists in the execution of an elementary operation item substitution  , item comparison  , .. An extension of the cascade of Figure 19.6 in two dimensions with k cascades can be used to do pattern matching operations with respect to k distinct patterns. The system tries to infer new knowledge right after the publication operation. This principle will be applied decoupling the functional properties from the non functional properties matching. In the broker design  , we intent to create a discovery pattern that will be based on the well-known principle of the " separation of concerns " . The other extracts the structure in some way from the text parsing  , recognizing markup  , etc. One of them indexes the text to answer text pattern-matching queries this indexing is performed by the text engine. We conduct a series of extrinsic experiments using the two soft pattern models on TREC definitional QA task test data. In addition to our theoretical work  , we also assess the performance of the formal soft matching models by empirical evaluation. Definition pattern matching is the most important feature used for identifying definitions. Systems fielded at TREC rank definition sentences using two sets of features: definition patterns and bagof-words pertinent to the target. Providing formal models for modeling contextual lexico-syntactic patterns is the main contribution of this work. The models can help IE systems overcome difficulties caused by language variations in pattern matching. With the help of appropriate hardware  , it is easy to fast realize. We assume that the occurrence of significant patterns in nonchronological order is more likely to arise as a local phenomenon than a global one. In this work  , a significant pattern is obtained from the matching of a pair of sequences. The grep program searches one or more input files for lines containing a match to a specified pattern  , and prints out matching lines. We choose grep-2.2 as the subject program in this study. We can therefore define the notion of a strand  , which is a set of substrings that share one same matching pattern. For each substring  , the bounding boxes indicate the parts that match exactly with S 2 . In the tradeoff between space and time  , most existing graph matching approaches assume static data graphs and hence prefer to pre-compute the transitive closure or build variablelength path indexes to trade space for efficient pattern matching. This is known as the transitive closure of a graph. For instantiation   , we exploit an index as well as a pattern library that links properties with natural language predicates. In a next step  , c has to be instantiated by a matching class  , in the case of using DBpedia onto:Film  , and p has to be instantiated with a matching property  , in this case onto:producer. A data record is said to be enumerated by a maximal repeat if the matching percentage is greater than a bound determined by the user. Pattern inflexibility: Whether using corpus-based learning techniques or manually creating patterns  , to our knowledge all previous systems create hard-coded rules that require strict matching i.e. , matching slot by slot. These approaches have two shortcomings that we have identified and address in this work: 1. Although such hard patterns are widely used in information extraction 10  , we feel that definition sentences display more variation and syntactic flexibility that may not be captured by hard patterns. In addition to surface text pattern matching  , we also adopt N-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. The answer patterns used in ILQUA are automatically summarized by a supervised learning system and represented in form of regular expressions which contain multiple question terms. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate passages and a list of named entities are extracted as answer candidate. We empirically showed that these two search paradigms outperform other search techniques  , including the ones that perform exact matching of normalized expressions or subexpressions and the one that performs keyword search. We characterized several possible approaches to this problem   , and we elaborated two working systems that exploit the structure of mathematical expressions for approximate match: structural similarity search and pattern matching. The input sources include data from lexico-syntactical pattern matching  , head matching and subsumption heuristics applied to domain text. This method converts evidence into first order logic features  , and then uses standard classifiers supervised machine learning on the integrated data to find good combinations of input sources. Afterwards  , the location of eye can be measured by detecting a agreement part with the paltern matching model in the eye image input. At first  , the pattern matching model is memorized on the basis of eye image which was captured previously. In this paper  , we have proposed  , designed and implemented a pattern matching NIDS based on CIDF architecture and mature intrusion detection technology  , and presented the detailed scheme and frame structure. It speeds up the matching and significantly increases the detection speed of IDS. In a first pilot study 71  , we determined whether the tasks have suitable difficulty and length. The syntax errors we introduced can be located without understanding the execution of the program; they merely require some kind of pattern matching. The relationship between context instances and patterns is called the matching relation  , which is mathematically represented by the belong-to set operator . Intuitively  , each pattern categorizes a set of context instances. Wang et al 41 have presented an approach called Positive-Only Relation Extraction PORE. With that improvement one can still write filenames such as *.txt. We first have to introduce an additional XPath function Named match to allow Unix filename pattern matching within XPath. The matching problem is then defined as verifying whether GS is embedded in GP or isomorphic to one or more subgraphs of GP . We denote GP as the publication graph and GS as the subscription graph pattern. All the possible axes were permitted except ancestor  , ancestor-self  , following and preceding. In the following section  , we will describe two techniques that we have introduced to minimize the number of these instructions. We simply take their common prefixes as patterns since different parameters are usually at the end of URLs. One class of approaches focuses on extracting knowledge structures automatically from text corpora. In order to define these two functions we need the statistics defined in Table 1 . Consequently   , for i ≥ 1  , we estimate the cost of matching a pattern as: costpi = f rontierpi−1 × explorepi. It is less restrictive than subgraph isomorphism  , and can be determined in quadratic time 16. To reduce the complexity and capture the need of novel applications  , graph simulation 16 has been adopted for pattern matching 5  , 13. // " -axis query and documents with recursively appearing tags  , file scan is neither efficient  , nor effective to return correct answers. For example  , we use the POS tag sequence between the entity pairs as a candidate extraction pattern. Our extraction patterns are based on both the general POS tags and the strict keyword matching. KIM has a rule-based  , human-engineered IE system  , which uses the ontology structure during pattern matching and instance disambiguation. For new previously unknown entities  , new instances are added to the semantic repository. In order to express extractions of parts of the messages a pattern matching approach is chosen. The conditional equations use the binary function equala  , b which is a predefined expression of TPTP syntax and represents the equality relation. 2 Specification based on set-theoretic notations. So we can retrieve related information by pattern matching using a subspace as a unit actually with some generic information in knowledge structure which contains more information than a predicate in logical formulas. Seven propositions  , or " patterns " in were found. A pattern matching technique was used  , in which several pieces of information from one or more cases are related to a theoretical proposition. In typical document search  , it is also commonly used– e.g. , a user can put " " around keywords to specify matching these keywords as a phrase. On the one hand  , such pattern restriction is not unique in entity search. Our FiST system matches twig patterns holistically using the idea of encoding XML documents and twig patterns into Prüfer sequences 17. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. Since the automata model was originally designed for matching patterns over strings  , it is a natural paradigm for structural pattern retrieval on XML token streams 7  , 8  , 4. State-of-the-Art. Then  , this information is encoded as an Index Fabric key and inserted into the index. Users can request creation of a track by giving patterns for instrument names. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 The algebraic properties of AS allow us to quickly calculate the AS of an n-gram from the CAS encoded record. To achieve this goal we should re-formulate queries avoiding " redundant " conditions. The efficiency of the matching operation greatly depends on the size of the pattern 8  , so it is crucial to have queries of minimum size. This allows us to detect if the equation contains certain types of common algebraic structures . Here  , pattern matching can be considered probabilistic generation of test sequences based on training sequences. Previously  , a list of over 200 positive and negative pre-computed patterns was loaded into memory. We rely on hand-crafted pattern-matching rules to identify the main headings  , in order to build different indices and allow for field-based search. The documents contain different sections  , with their corresponding headings. To identify the target of a question  , pattern matching is applied to assign one of the 18 categories to the question. The two missing categories what:X and unknown will shortly be dis- cussed. Our unsupervised scoring function is based on 3 main observations. However  , because we are exploiting highly relevant documents returned by a search engine  , we observe that even our unsupervised scoring function produces high quality results as shown in Section 5. The performance also varies depending on the choice of scoring function. Accordingly  , the performance of NEXAS is largely determined by that of the underlying search engine. We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. Second  , we are interested in evaluating the efficiency of the engine. Rather  , it uses the scoring function of the search engine used to rank the search results. Our method does not require any labeled training data. The second source of phrase data is iVia's PhraseRate keyphrase assignment engine 13. The remaining phrases are then sorted  , and the ten highest-scoring phrases are returned. This last point is important since typically search engine builders wish to keep their scoring function secret because it is one of the things that differentiates them from other sources. We believe that our results can guide implementors of search engines  , making it clear what scoring functions may make it hard for a client meta-broker to merge information properly  , and making it clear how much the meta-broker needs to know about the scoring function. We begin with the usual assumption that for each query  , there is a scoring function that assigns a score to each document  , so that the documents with the highest scores are the most relevant. Table entries are set according to the scoring model of the search engine; thus  , At ,d is the score of document d for term t. These probabilities can be induced from the scoring function of the search engine. The above measure of pD depends on our knowledge of the relevance probability of every document in the set to the query. For the search backend  , Apache Lucene 14 is a search engine library with support for full text search via a fairly expressive query language   , extensible scoring  , and high performance indexing. typeahead.js 4 and Bootstrap 3. Lucene then compared to Juru  , the home-brewed search engine used by the group in previous TREC conferences. Lucene's scoring function was modified to include better document length normalization  , and a better term-weight setting following to the SMART model. Effectiveness in these notional applications is modeled by the task metrics. Alternatively   , a search engine might choose to display the top-scoring tweets in rank order regardless of time. Thus similar titles will appear approximately in the same column  , with the better scoring titles towards the top. Vertical position is controlled by the relevance score assigned by the search engine. 15 propose an alternative approach called rank-based relevance scoring in which they collect a mapping from songs to a large corpus of webpages by querying a search engine e.g. , Google with song  , album and artist names. Knees et al. SP and SP* select a specification page using our scoring function in Section 3.2; SP selects a page from the top 30 results provided by Google search engine  , while SP* selects a page from 10 ,000 pages randomly selected from the local web repository . Google outputs the top results of the Google search engine. It is the same engine that was used for previous TREC participations e.g. The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. For each document identifier passed to the Snippet Engine   , the engine must generate text  , preferably containing query terms  , that attempts to summarize that document. In order to avoid bias towards any particular scoring mechanism  , we compare sentence quality later in the paper using the individual components of the score  , rather than an arbitrary combination of the components. At the meta-broker end  , we believe that our results can also be helpful in the design of the target scoring function  , and in distinguishing cases where merging results is meaningful and cases where it is not. This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function  , and thus within this toleration factor  , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary. Intuitively  , this definition captures the notion that since a search engine generates a ranking of documents by scoring them according to various criteria  , the scores used for ranking may only accurately resolve document relevance to within some toleration . An important feature of this is that the tf·idf scores are calculated only on the terms within the index  , so that anchortext terms are kept separate from terms in the document itself. We use a query engine that implements a variation on the INQUERY 1 tf·idf scoring function to extract an ordered list of results from each of the three indices. We note that when sufficient training data is available  , existing techniques for learning ranking functions can be leveraged. Since the prototype did not include a general search engine  , the best interface with such systems is unknown. Evaluation of the scoring mechanisms understanding why appropriate sentences received lower scores than higher ranked sentences and understanding the contribution of the individual mechanisms will also likely lead to improvements. The answer passage retrieval component is fully unsupervised and relies on some scoring model to retrieve most relevant answer passages for a given question. The architecture of our system is rather simple as displayed in Figure 4 : given a question Q  , a search engine retrieves a list of passages ranked by their relevancy. Additional opportunities include allowing wildcards to match subexpressions rather than single symbols  , implementing additional query functionality in the engine  , incorporating textual features and context 24  , and integrating Tangent-3 with keyword search. Retrieval effectiveness can be improved through changes to the SLT  , unification models  , and the MSS function and scoring vector. In particular  , dynamic pruning strategies aim to avoid the scoring of postings for documents that cannot make the top K retrieved set. cannot degrade retrieval effectiveness to a given rank K – and use docid sorted posting lists  , as deployed by at least one major search engine 12. In the future  , we would like to find ways to overcome this problem and thus further improve top ranked precision of AQR based results. Since difficult queries mislead the scoring function of the search engine to associate high scores to irrelevant documents  , our computation of relevance probability is also faulty in this case. Elastic Search 1 is a search server based on Lucene that provides the ability to quickly build scalable search engines. In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results  , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. The noise in the content may create errors while doing document retrieval thus drastically reducing the precision of retrieval. In response to a query  , each of the three indices returns zero or more results. Our formula search engine is an integral part of Chem X Seer  , a digital library for chemistry and embeds the formula search into document search by query rewrite and expansion Figure 1. Finally  , we describe relevance scoring functions corresponding to the types of queries. IBM Haifa This year  , the experiments of IBM Haifa were focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine. Based on the 149 topics of the Terabyte tracks  , the results of modified Lucene significantly outperform the original Lucene and are comparable to Juru's results. The main goal was to bring Lucene's ranking function to the same level as the state-of-the-art ranking formulas like those traditionally used by TREC participants. An end-user application resembling Twitter's current search interface might apply a threshold on the tweet retrieval score and only show tweets above some threshold in chronological order. To improve the efficiency of such a deployment  , a dynamic pruning strategy such as Wand 1 could easily be used  , which omits the scoring of documents that cannot reach the top K retrieved set. A search engine deploying learning to rank techniques reranks the top K documents retrieved by a standard weighting model  , known as the sample 3  , as shown in Figure 1. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. The parameters of the document language models are estimated by interpolating relative frequency of occurrence of the term w in the document D with the relative frequency of occurrence in the document collection C. Relevance is determined by the underlying text search engine based on the common scoring metric of term frequency inverse document frequency. Stories are represented as a thumbnail image along with a score thermometer  , a relevance bar to the left of each thumbnail  , with stories listed in relevance order. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. To gauge the effectiveness of our system compared to other similar systems  , we developed a version of our tagging suggestion engine that was integrated with the raw  , uncompressed tag data and did not use the case-evaluator for scoring  , aside from counting frequency of occurrence in the result set. A keyword search engine like Lucene has OR-semantics by default i.e. , passages matching at least one query word is eligible for scoring but encourages AND-semantics i.e. , passages which match all/most query words get priority. Selectors can be used in two places: to pad the initial keyword query  , and to rerank the candidate passages. Therefore  , the classification ends up scoring Shannon less similar to himself than to Monica probably due to high diversity of her sample images  as well as to Kobe Bryant Table 1. He has a large footprint on the Web  , however the top images returned by the search engine are replicas of the same few shots. To evaluate the performance of the ranking functions  , we blended 200 documents selected by the cheap scoring function into the base-line set. To form a base-line set of top documents  , we collected the top 20 results for 5000 queries from a commercial search engine . In our experiments we insist that each response contains all selectors  , and use Lucene's OR over other question words. A quick scan of the thumbnails locates an answer: 4 musicians shown  , which the user could confirm took place in Singapore by showing and playing the story. Our experiments this year for the TREC 1-Million Queries Track focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine 4. Equation 1 describes the default Lucene score for a document d with respect to a query q: Several papers 12 13 report that proximity scoring is effective when the query consists of multiple words. When a phrase query is submitted   , the search engine accesses inverted lists of each word that forms the phrase to identify documents that contain those words in the order and offset specified. – Textual baseline: we indexed the raw text by adopting the standard Lucene library customized with the scoring formula described in Sect. 17 For comparison  , on KE4IR website we make available for download an instance of SOLR a popular search engine based on Lucene indexing the same document collection used in our evaluation  , and we report on its performances on the test queries. For example   , a classical content-based recommendation engine takes the text from the descriptions of all the items that user has browsed or bought and learns a model usually a binary target function: "recommend or "not recommend". Although content-based systems also use the words in the descriptions of the items  , they traditionally use those words to learn one scoring function. Out of these posts  , 1.9M posts are tagged with an average of 1.75 tags per post. We were able to improve Lucene's search quality as measured for TREC data by 1 adding phrase expansion and proximity scoring to the query  , 2 better choice of document length normalization  , and 3 normalizing tf values by document's average term frequency. We started by measuring Lucene's out of the box search quality for TREC data and found that it is significantly inferior to other search engines that participate in TREC  , and in particular comparing to our search engine Juru. Finally  , for each set of results the only the the highest scoring 1000 tweets were used by RRF to combine results and only the top 1000 results from each run were submitted to NIST for evaluation. If this was not done then Wumpus would attempt to look for tweets containing exactly the topic phrase and this is not generally a desirable behaviour for a search engine. In the rank scoring metric  , method G-Click has a significant p < 0.01 23.37% improvement over method WEB and P-Click method have a significant p < 0.01 23.68% improvement over method WEB. This means users have small variance on these queries  , and the search engine has done well for these queries  , while on the queries with click entropy≥2.5  , the result is disparate: both P-Click and G-Click methods make exciting performance. A page was said to include an attribute-value pair only when a correspondence between the attribute and its value could be visually recognized as on the left side of Figure 1. When a user enters a freetext query string  , the corpus of webpages is ranked using an IR approach and then the mapping from webpages back to songs is used to retrieve relevant songs. The goal of this scoring is to optimize the degree to which the asker and the answerer feel kinship and trust  , arising from their sense of connection and similarity  , and meet each other's expectations for conversational behavior in the interaction. Connectedness: Second  , the Routing Engine scores each user according to the degree to which she herself — as a person  , independently of her topical expertise — is a good " match " for the asker for this information query. The G-Click method  , which gets the best performance for these queries  , has only a nonsignificant 0.37% improvement over WEB methods in rank scoring metric. If no such context information is at hand  , there is still another option: the search engine may present the results of the best scoring segmentation to the user and offer the second best segmentation in a " Did you mean " manner. For instance  , if the user stems from London  , reads " The Times " and is a passionate folk-dancer  , this might make the alternative segmentation times " square dance " preferable. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large  , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. As an example  , a state-of-the-art IR definition for a singleattribute scoring function Score is as follows 17: Specifically  , the score that we assign to a joining tree of tuples T for a query Q relies on:  Single-attribute IR-style relevance scores Scorea i   , Q for each textual attribute a i ∈ T and query Q  , as determined by an IR engine at the RDBMS  , and  A function Combine  , which combines the singleattribute scores into a final score for T . There are workloads that are very sensitive to changes of the DMP. Unfortunately  , the DMI' method has two severe shortcomings as discussed in the following 1. Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load. In all commercial systems  , the DMP is set " statically "   , that is  , when the system is started up and configured according to the administrator's specification. However  , this extended method makes the problem of finding the optimal combination of DMP values even trickier and ultimately unmanageable for most human administrators. This problem may be alleviated by specifying DMP values for different overlapping classes of transaction types  , which is supported by some TP monitors. The bottom line is that the DMP method is inappropriate as a load control method that can safely avoid DC thrashing in systems with complex  , temporally changing  , highly diverse  , or simply unpredictable workloads. In addition  , with increasing interoperability across system boundaries  , a significant fraction of the workload may become inherently unpredictable  , and DMP settings that are based on the local load alone will be meaningless. In addition  , application programs are typically highly tuned in performance-critical applications e.g. , to reduce the probability of deadlock and sometimes even sacrifice data consistency to avoid performance problems. In practice  , DC thrashing is probably infrequent because the limitation of the DMP acts as a load control method. Note  , however  , that  , in contrast to group commit  , our method does not impose any delays on transaction commits other than the log I/O Itself. As the decreasing average persistence sphere size in Figure 7eshows  , this nice effect increases with the DMP. When DC thrashing occurs  , more and more transactions become blocked so that the response time of transactions increases beyond acceptable values and essentially approaches infinity. These properties are considered as random influence. quality of indexing  , or of relevance judgement influencing the retrieval outputs 1 ,18. The requirement for random access can be accommodated with conventional indexing or hashing methods. The databases are relatively small. One method  , the VP-tree 36  , partitions the data space into spherical cuts by selecting random reference points from the data. Reference-based indexing 7  , 11  , 17  , 36  can be considered as a variation of vector space indexing. With regard to the unexpectedness of the highly relevant results relevancy>=4 Random indexing outperforms the other systems  , however hyProximity offers a slightly more unexpected suggestions if we consider only the most relevant results relevan- cy=5. While hyProximity scores best considering the general relevance of suggestions in isolation  , Random Indexing scores best in terms of unexpectedness. It offers a scalable approach to the construction of document signatures by applying random indexing 30  , or random projections 3 and numeric quantization. We use a binary signature representation called TopSig 3 18. Random " subsequent queries are submitted to the library  , and the retrieved documents are collected. average indexing weights  , document frequencies  automatically in non-co-operating environments 1. " Recently  , several approaches have been developed for selecting references for reference-based indexing 11  , 17. bound3 is the bound obtained using a random point rand inside the hull. 9 proposed a block-based index to improve retrieval speed by reducing random accesses to posting lists. In the area of indexing and retrieval  , Bast et al. Finally  , comparing the different reaulta for 11 and A1 in table -4  , it can be aeen that indexing A1 provides better retrieval results than 11. weight 0 random ord. Hence  , in the DocSpace the similarity between documents is computed by the traditional cosine similarity. To build the DocSpace  , Semantic Vectors rely on a technique called Random Indexing 4  , which performs a matrix reduction of the term-document matrix. Users also indicated that Random Indexing provided more general suggestions  , while those provided by hyProximity were more granular. The unexpectedness of the most relevant results was also higher with the Linked Data-based measures. To simulate the distributed environment  , the documents were allocated into 32 different databases using a random allocator with replication. The experimental results were achieved by indexing 1991 WSJ documents TREC disk 22 with Webtrieve using stemming and stopwords remotion. As shown in Table 2  , the Linked Data measures outperform the baseline system across all criteria. This demonstrates the real ability of Linked Data-based systems to provide the user with valuable relevant concepts. The difference in unexpectedness is significant only in the case of Random Indexing vs. baseline. With regard to recall  , Random Indexing outperforms the other approaches for 200 top-ranked suggestions. This measure should therefore be used in the end-user applications  , as the users can typically consult only a limited number of top-ranked suggestions. Our indexing structure simply consists of l such LSH Trees  , each constructed with an independently drawn random sequence of hash functions from H. We call this collection of l trees the LSH Forest. We call this tree the LSH Tree. The two most important exceptions that require special attention are historical data support and geometric modellii. HyProximity measures improve the baseline across all performance measures  , while Random indexing improves it only with regard to recall and F-measure for less than 200 suggestions. After this threshold the mixed hyProximity is a better choice. Then  , the distribution of the scores of all documents in a library is modelled by the random variable To derive the document score distribution in step 2  , we can view the indexing weights of term t in all documents in a library as a random variable X t . It is especially useful in cases when it is possible to consider a large number of suggestions which include false positives -such as the case when the keyword suggestions are used for expert crawling. It seems clear that patlems occurring in random indexing can be profitably exploited  , and surprisingly quickly. This pattern is revealed tnost strongly by the mattix of retrieval weights  , which in all cases correctly relate documents to requests in agreement with our relevance assumptions. We combine two retrieval strategies that work at two different To compute the inter-document similarities we build a vector space DocSpace where similar documents are represented by close vectors by means of the Semantic Vectors package 13. The gold standard-based evaluation reveals a superior performance of hyProximity in cases where precision is preferred; Random Indexing performed better in case of recall. Our results show that both proposed methods improve the baseline in different ways  , thus suggesting that Linked Data can be a valuable source of knowledge for the task of concept recommendation. The shakwat group University of Paris 8 experimented with a random-walk approach using a space built using semantic indexing  , and containing the blog posts  , as well as the headlines  , in a window around the date of the topic. They did not diversify the ranking of blog posts. Those models are based on the Harris Harris  , 1968 distributional hypothesis  , which states that words that appear in similar context have similar meanings. LSA Landauer and Dumais  , 1997  , Hyper Analog to Language Lund and Burgess  , 1996 and Random Indexing Kanerva et al. , 2000 are some exemplars of Word Vectors. For the chosen innovation problem  , the evaluators were presented with the lists of 30 top-ranked suggestions generated by ad- Words  , hyProximity mixed approach and Random Indexing. This generated a total of 34 problem evaluations  , consisting of 3060 suggested concepts/keywords. saving all the required random edge-sets together during a single scan over the edges of the web graph. Furthermore  , at the end of the indexing the individual fingerprint trees can be collected with sorting and merging operations  , as the longest possible path in each fingerprint tree is due to Lemma 2 the labels are strictly increasing but cannot grow over . On the 99-node cluster  , indexing time for the first English segment of the ClueWeb09 collection ∼50 million pages was 145 minutes averaged over three trials; the fastest and slowest running times differed by less than 10 minutes. In addition  , we expect random access latencies to improve over time as developers continue to improve HDFS. Details of these datasets appear in Appendix A. In addition to this ultra heterogeneous data  , we created a very large database of Random Walk data RW II  , since this is the most studied dataset for indexing comparisons 5  , 6  , 17  , 24  , 25  , 34 and is  , by contrast with the above  , a very homogeneous dataset. The Semantic space method we use in the context of the Blog-Track'09 is Random Indexing RI  , which is not a typical method in the family of Semantic space methods. The construction of a semantic space with RI is as follows: This representation is finally translated into a binary image signature using random indexing for efficient retrieval. Then each sub-image is represented by those visual words from these vocabularies through codebook lookup of each raw image feature and finally the full image feature set is constructed. The significance of differences is confirmed by the T-test for paired values for each two methods p<0.05. We then asked them to rate the relevancy and unexpectedness of suggestions using the above described scales. According to the preference towards more general or more specific concepts  , it is therefore possible to advise the user with regard to which of the two methods is more suitable for the specific use case. HyProximity suggestions were most commonly described as " really interesting " and " OI-oriented "   , while the suggestions of Random Indexing were most often characterized as " very general " . We used Random Indexing 6  to build distributional semantic representations i.e. , vectors of terms from a large corpus of Mayo Clinic clinical notes. While the baseline and previous approaches directly used the text of the queries with stop word removal to search documents  , here we modified the queries. We tested the differences in relevance for all methods using the paired T-test over subjects individual means  , and the tests indicated that the difference in relevance between each pair is significant p <0.05. In addition  , our user study evaluation confirmed the superior performance of Linked Data-based approaches both in terms of relevance and unexpectedness. We took great care to match the SHORE/C++ implementation as closely as possible  , including using the same C library random number generator and initializing it with the same seed so as to generate the same sequence of random numbers used to build the OO7 benchmark database and to drive the benchmark traversals. The PM3 Modula-3 compiler was also invoked with a flag that disables runtime checks on indexing arrays out of bounds and to catch certain type errors  , so as to give a fairer comparison with C++. Query type Q1 of the QUERY test represents a sequence of random proximity queries details below. The trace files were stored on a 7200 RPM SCSI disk whose data transfer rate far exceeded the update performance of the indexing methods  , guaranteeing that the testbed was Update cost  , index size  , and other metrics measured by the LOCUS testbed were collected at an interval of 2500 updates. We present two Linked Data-based methods: 1 a structure-based similarity based solely on exploration of the semantics defined concepts and relations in an RDF graph  , 2 a statistical semantics method  , Random Indexing  , applied to the RDF in order to calculate a structure-based statistical semantics similarity. A concept  , in our context  , is a Linked Data instance  , defined with its URI  , which represents a topic of human interest. Therefore  , starting with S1 document removal  , we began by indexing a random selection of 10% of the documents from the document collection. In each scenario we had 10 indexes for each team member and 55 different access combinations  , although the indexes in S4 are of different size to S1  , S2 and S3 because in S1  , S2 and S3 we can theoretically exclude everything from the collection whereas for S4 this is dependent on the query pool. We show later that the ALSH derived from minhash  , which we call asymmetric minwise hashing MH-ALSH  , is more suitable for indexing set intersection for sparse binary vectors than the existing ALSHs for general inner products. For sparse and high-dimensional binary dataset which are common over the web  , it is known that minhash is typically the preferred choice of hashing over random projection based hash functions 39. In general  , our methods start from a set of Initial/seed Concepts IC  , and provide a ranked list of suggested concepts relevant to IC. For instance  , in a sample of 38720 documents drawn at random from the Online Public Access Catalogue OPAC of the Universitätsbibliothek at Karlsruhe University TH  , 11594 approximately 30% had no keyword  , although the library has the reputation for having the best catalogue in Germany. As of today  , the index quality of catalogues in scientific libraries is deplorable: Large parts of the inventory are not indexed and will probably never be  , since manual indexing is a time-consuming and thus expensive task. The first method called hyProximity  , is a structure-based similarity which explores different strategies based on the semantics inherent in an RDF graph  , while the second one  , Random Indexing  , applies a well-known statistical semantics from Information Retrieval to RDF  , in order to identify the relevant set of both direct and lateral topics. We propose two independently developed methods for topic discovery based on the Linked Data. As the baseline we use the state of the art adWords keyword recommender from Google that finds similar topics based on their distribution in textual corpora and the corpora of search queries. We rst describe  , in the next section  , how collection indexing was performed. One formula we have formally derived and successfully tested on previous TREC collections is: Our term weight w of Formula 2 will be thus a function of 6 random variables: w = wF; tfn; n; N = wF ; t f ; n ; N ; l ; a v g l where l is the document length avg l is the length mean We postpone the discussion about the probability functions used to instantiate this framework and the choice of parameter c to Section 4.2. For each query  , traditional query expansion often selects expansion term by co-occurrence statistics. During opinion retrieval task  , we are concerned with semi-automatic query expansion. Section 4 describes query expansion with ontologies. Section 3 describes our keyphrase-based query expansion methods. In Table 2  , Query Expansion indicates whether query expansion is used. Table 2shows the results. To extract features related to query expansion  , we first name the origin query offered by TREC'14 OriginQuery. In this section  , we introduce several semantic expansion features on basis of query expansion and document expansion. Hashtag query expansion with association measure HFB2a. Hashtag-based query expansion HFB1 and HFB2 4. Three methods of query expansion were investigated: plurals and singular expansion; stemming; and synonym expansion. Our final set of experiments investigated query expansion  , that is  , augmenting topics with additional query terms. For the query expansion component  , we adopt twostage PRF query expansion with HS selection strategy. Finally  , we measured the performance of the proposed system that integrates the query expansion component  , document expansion component and temporal re-ranking component . They found that posttranslation query expansion  , i.e. , query expansion on the translated queries  , and the combination-translation query expansion  , i.e. , query expansion on both the original and the translated queries  , are effective in improving CLIR performance. Ballesteros & Croft 3 proposed pre-translation  , post-translation and a combination of post and pre-translation query expansion techniques based on term co-occurrence. The query expansion module employs a wide range of query expansion methods that can not only enrich the query with useful term additions but also identify important query terms. result merging  , reranking  , and query expansion modules. This shows the limitation of the current expansion methods. Both query expansion and document expansion of tiebreaking has the potential to improve the performance  , while document expansion seems more reliable than query expansion for tie-breaking. Additionally  , in Table 4  , we see no marked difference between using query noise reduction with query expansion on the body of the documents only  , and using query noise reduction with query expansion on more document fields. Retraining the query expansion mechanism on the reduced queries could provide fairer grounds for comparing the effect of query noise reduction with query expansion. Query expansion  , such as synonym expansion  , had shown promising results in medical literature search. In our TREC participation  , we used an ensemble approach in query expansion. The expansion terms are extracted from top 100 relevant documents according to the query logs. For the log-based query expansion  , we use 40 expansion terms. We investigate the following query expansion strategies: related terms only  , subsumption only  , full expansion. We refer different combinations of such relations as the query expansion strategy. & %  '   , document expansion is beneficial for both short and terse queries  , but this advantage disappears as the level of query expansion increases. For moderate query expansion e.g.  Which ontological relationships are suitable for automatic query expansion; which for interactive query expansion ? Which ontological query expansion terms are most suitable for which type of query terms concept  , project  , person  , organization queries ? For example  , based on the CNF query in Section 2.2  , the diagnosis method is given the keyword query sales tobacco children. these expansion terms for each selected query term  , the diagnostic expansion system forms an expansion query and does retrieval. Finally  , we propose a novel selective query expansion mechanism which helps in deciding whether to apply query expansion for a given query. Moreover  , we develop a refined query expansion mechanism that uses the fields. Query expansion. We adopt three query expansion methods. Query expansion aims to add a certain number of query-relevant terms to the original query  , in order to improve retrieval effectiveness. Although the effect from adding more expansion terms to a query term diminishes  , for the query terms that do need expansion  , the effects of the expansion terms are typically additive  , the more the expansion the better the performance. The unstructured bag of word expansion typically needs balanced expansion of most query terms to achieve a reliable performance. Query Expansion. This task is accomplished by mean of three submodules: Query Expansion  , Inverted Index and Ranking Model. In this paper  , we are concerned with automatic query expansion. Query expansion can be performed either manually or automatically.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization.  Query execution. Automatic query expansion approaches AQE have been the focus of research efforts for many years. The query expansion method which uses implicit expansion concept is referred to as IEC. In all the comparisons  , our query expansion method which uses explicit expansion concept is denoted as EEC. The composite effects of query expansion and query length suggest that WebX should be applied to short queries  , which contain less noise that can be exaggerated by Web expansion  , and non-WebX should be applied to longer queries  , which contain more information that query expansion methods can leverage. With query expansion  , however  , query length has opposite effect on WebX and non-WebX methods. term overlap between query and tweet is relatively small  , different semantic expansion techniques can be leveraged to improve the retrieval performance. 2 Performance improvement over the no expansion baseline is significant even when only including one expansion term for one query term. 1 Including more expansion terms always improves performance  , even when only one original query term is selected for expansion. They made use of only individual terms for query expansion whereas we utilize keyphrases for query expansion. 15  incorporated term cooccurrences to estimate word correlation for refining the set of documents used in query expansion. For query expansion  , we made use of the external documents linked by the URLs in the initial search results for query expansion. Overall  , we designed our pipeline to combine query expansion and result re-ranking. Parameterized query expansion generalizes and unifies several of the current state-of-the-art concept weighting and query expansion approaches. In this paper  , we introduced a novel framework for query expansion with parameterized concept weighting. Our automatic query expansion included such techniques as noun phrase extraction  , acronym expansion  , synonym identification  , definition term extraction  , keyword extraction by overlapping sliding window  , and Web query expansion. Thus  , our first-tier solution was to devise a wide range of query expansion methods that can not only enrich the query with useful term additions but also identify important query terms. Two types of expansions are obtained: concept expansion and term expansion. Query expansion is another technique in the retrieval component. The query expansion methodology follows that query expansion is applied or not respectively. The run InexpC2QE applies In expC2 and a query expansion methodology for all the queries. For query expansion  , besides the commonly used PRF  , we also made use of the search result from Google for query expansion. We also applied and evaluated advanced search options. The search engine can be activated in different modes applying three different search types  , namely  , Automatic Query Expansion auto  , Interactive Query Expansion semi  , and a regular search without query expansion none. Our third baseline is obtained by performing federated retrieval without query expansion BSNE. The first oracle baseline BONE is without query expansion and the second oracle baseline BOQE is with query expansion. Without query expansion  , the difference between short and long queries is 0.0669. First  , query expansion seems to neutralize the effect of query length. Therefore  , by performing query expansion using the MRF model  , we are able to study the dynamics between term dependence and query expansion. Previous query expansion techniques are based on bag of words models. As expected  , query expansion is more useful for short queries  , and less useful for long queries. Query expansion improves performance for all query lengths. Without query expansion  , longer queries usually outperform the shorter queries Figure 7. The effect of query expansion is influenced by the query length. Furthermore  , the investigator himself may intervene and edit the query directly. This component may also incorporate other query expansion strategies  , such as knowledge-based query expansion . Parameterized query expansion provides a flexible framework for modeling the importance of both explicit and latent query concepts. First  , we describe a novel parameterized query expansion model. We first classify each query into different categories. In our experiments with R = 100  , on average WIKI. LINK only considered approximately 200 phrases for query expansion per query  , whereas using the top 10 documents from Wikipedia in PRF. WIKI considered approximately 9000 terms. Because WIKI. LINK focuses only anchor phrases  , this query expansion technique considers many fewer  , but potentially higher quality  , expansion terms and phrases than other query expansion methods. al 29 considered acronym expansion. al 10 explored query expansion  , while Zhang et. External sources for expansion terms  , i.e. Query expansion still offers potential for improvements. The increase in performance without query expansion is substantial  , however  , the difference remains small after query expansion. For the runs  , mon0  , mon3  , mon4  , and BKYMON  , 20 words were selected from the top-ranked 10 documents for query expansion; and for the runs  , mon1 and mon2  , 40 trigrams were selected from the top-ranked 10 documents for query expansion. Ruthven 25 used a range of query expansion terms from 1 to 15  , and found that providing the system with more query expansion terms did not necessarily improve retrieval performance. In a study of simulated interactive query expansion  , Ruthven 25 demonstrated that users are less likely than systems to select effective terms for query expansion. In addition to the official numbers obtained with query expansion using both BRF and PBRF  , the results for the 3 other configurations no query expansion  , query expansion with BRF and query expansion with PBRF are also provided. Table 3summarizes the results of the LIMSI IR system for the R1  , S1  , and cross-recognizer conditions . In monolingual IR  , Sparck Jones 21 proposed a query expansion technique which adds terms obtained from term clusters built based on co-occurrences of terms in the document collection. External expansion on a cleaner e.g. Therefore query expansion can help to increase performance. In the two short query results  , nttd8me is query expanded and nttd8m has no query expansion. In the three long query results  , nttd8le is query expanded  , nttd8l has no query expansion and nttd8lx is a hybrid of nttd8l and nttd8le. In contrast to the Global method  , our first expansion strategy performs server-specific query expansion. Local. This technique may be of independent interest for other applications of query expansion. To produce rich query representation we introduce a new query expansion technique  , based on traversal of the query recommendation tree rooted at the query. Query noise reduction reduces query length from 47.22% to 63.69%  , tion  , marked †. In addition  , other dictionaries were built to perform query expansion. By via of UMLS Metathesaurus  , the diseases' synonyms were found and used for query expansion. The query types and expansion term categories are as follow. In our experiments  , the expansion terms are selected according to the query types. 3  , uses query-expansion the favor recent tweets. The recency-based query-expansion approach Section 3.2  , which is a slight modification of the approach from Massoudi et al. These previous studies suggested that query expansion based on term co-occurrences is unlikely to significantly improve performance 18. 24  studied query expansion based on classical probabilistic model. Excessive document expansion impairs performance as well. According to Figure 3g  , without any query expansion but simply compared with query Q  , the performance is far from optimistic. Query expansion is one method to solve the above prob- lem 4  , 5 . Typically  , previous research has found that interactive query expansion i.e. , asking humans to pick expansion terms does not improve average performance. Although improving upon the average performance of automated query expansion may be difficult  , we hypothesized that using human intelligence to detect incongruous individual or collective choices of expansion terms  , thus helping to avoid the worst expansion failures  , would improve the robustness of query expansion. Besides thesaurus based QE described in section 1 and 2  , we proposed a new statistical expansion approach called local co-occurrence based query expansion  , shown in section 3. Therefore proper query expansion QE technology is necessary and helpful. We show how simulations may help in the section below. For topic 78  , query expansion also reduces the variation due to restatement but the two expansion systems do this differently. For topic 100  , query expansion reduces the variation due to restatement of the topic as one would hope. Our results show that query expansion on Title and Description fields with appropriate weighting can yield better performance. Different query expansion methods have been evaluated for topic retrieval. In their approach  , only terms present in the summarized documents are considered for query expansion. Lam-Adesina and Jones 12 applied document summarization to query expansion. Table 6shows the results for five query expansion iterations. We also explored the effect of a sequence of query expansion iterations. Section 3 provides the details of our relation based query expansion technique. In the next Section  , we review related work on various query expansion techniques. Since majority of the queries were short  , a query expansion module had to be designed. Another area we concentrated on was query expansion . Furthermore  , terms are added even if a query expansion does not give good expansion terms. This approach introduces more noise  , but guarantees that every query will be expanded. Assuming 2 seconds per query  , on average  , this translates into approximately 200 KB per hour for the LCA expansion. The LCA expansion requires one query per sentence. The collection dependent expansion strategy adds a fixed number of terms to each query within a test collection. Query dependent expansion. Second  , English query expansion adds more than Chinese; apparently the benefit of a far larger corpus outweighs translation ambiguity. After query expansion  , it is reduced to 0.017. The temporal query-expansion approach also outperformed the recencybased query-expansion approach UNCRQE. This provides modest evidence that exploiting temporal information can improve performance. We used word co-occurrence measure of Z-score to select the query expansion terms. The documents which contained sentences chosen by users were used for query expansion. More specifically  , we are concerned with query expansion in service to hashtag retrieval. This poster explicitly treats only the last item: query expansion. However  , ontologies enable also other relations to be used in query expansion. Query expansion on document surrogates has a better retrieval performance in terms of Top10 AP than query expansion on the raw documents. The three methods were synonym expansion  , relation expansion  , and predication expansion. Query expansion: In this study we experimented with three expansion methods plus an ensemble method that incorporated the results of the other three. Comparing the query expansion and document expansion for the tie-breaking  , the query expansion is even worse. However  , the results of the proposed methods on this year's track are not as good as they are on the training sets. Our recency-based query-expansion approach is a slight modification of the query-expansion method described in Massoudi et al. Candidate expansion term w is scored according to scorew , LCE is a robust query expansion model that provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies in query expansion. Another retrieval model we explored this year is the latent concept expansion model LCE 18. We then use term proximity information to calculate reliable importance weights for the expansion concepts. We extract expansion concepts specific to each query from this lexicon for query expansion. The first concerns which index files to use for the expansion  , and the second how to weight the query terms after the expansion stage. The implementation of query expansion used for TREC-9 differs from this in two main ways. A more recent study by Navigli and Velardi examined the use of expansion terms derived from WordNet 10  , coming to the conclusion that the use of gloss words for query expansion achieved top scores for the precision@10 measure  , outmatching query expansion by synsets and hyperonyms  , for example. This finding was further reinforced in her follow-up study focusing on the differences between automatic query expansion and interactive query expansion 7. We incorporate a user-driven query expansion function. Using user-driven query expansion  , we help users search images in a focused and efficient manner. We incorporated all of our twitter modules with other necessary modules  , i.e. Query Expansion  Link Crawling: run the query expansion module followed by the link crawling module. We examined query expansion by traditional successful techniques  , i.e. Initially  , Team Three approached their module design with query expansion in mind. First  , LCE provides a mechanism for combining term dependence with query expansion. We also experimented with proper nouns in query expansion. Query Expansion and MEDLINE. Srinivasan P 1996. We think the reasons of the poor performance could be as follow. Most previous query expansion approaches focus on text  , mainly using unigram concepts. Query expansion is a commonly used technique to improve retrieval effectiveness. Figure 8shows the part of the configuration for Topic 78 produced by the systems with query expansion. Topic 78 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. Our system with query expansion using Wikipedia performs better than the one only with description. In Task B  , we have evaluated our system in query expansion stage. Section 5 evaluates five different stemming schemes and two query expansion methods. Section 4 presents our domain-specific and general query expansion approaches.  query broadening: are measures of a term's discriminative power of use when broadening the search query ? is synonymy expansion or morphological variant expansion helpful ? Our work follows this strategy of a query expansion approach using an external collection as a resource of query expansion terms. Word- net 7  , Wikipedia 29 etc. Expansion terms from fully expanded queries are held back from the query to simulate the selective and partial expansion of query terms. Thus  , selective expansion may actually do better than the reported performance from the simulations. For our Web-search-based query expansion  , the timestamp provided with the topics was utilized to simulate the live query expansion from the web described in Section 4. The optimal weight for the expansion queries α was 0.2. The recency-based query-expansion approach described in Section 3.2 scores candidate expansion terms based on their degree of co-occurrence with the original query-terms in recent tweets. Given a temporal binning of top-n results  , the temporal query-expansion approach scores candidate expansion terms according to , The results from including query and document expansion within the SU system on TREC-8 queries are summarised in Table 8and graphically illustrated in Figures 3 and 4. When there is no query expansion  , document expansion increases mean average precision by 25% and 15% relative for short and terse queries respectively. Some groups found that query expansion worked well on this collection  , so we applied the " row expansion " technique described in last year's paper 10. Query expansion techniques such as row expansion may help recall-oriented measures by contributing terms from the top documents which are not automatically generated from the initial query. In order to make the test simpler  , the following simplifications are made: 1 An expansion term is assumed to act on the query independently from other expansion terms; 2 Each expansion term is added into the query with equal weight -the weight w is set at 0.01 or -0.01. The above expression is a simplified form of query expansion with a single term. In concept expansion  , query concepts are recognized  , disambiguated  , if necessary and their synonyms are added. On the other hand  , some of the 2011 papers reported worse results from expansion. Query expansion is another technique in this information retrieval component. As shown in Figure  4  , we could see that first three query expansions which made use of external resources did not increase the performance of system  , compared with original query without any query expansion. In section 2.4  , we describe our four query expansion approaches and the results of different query expansion comparison are present in Figure  4. Query expansion  , in gereral  , does make a positive contribution to the retrieval performance. For query expansion  , we add a narritive term list to query term list and use the average weight of query terms as a threshold. Therefore query expansion may retrieve more documents or provide more evidence upon which to rank the documents than query replacement. Second  , query expansion will usually produce longer queries than query replacement. Table 3depicts the results obtained by the LGD model with and without query removal across three query expansion models on the TRECMed 2011. Utility of combining query removal and query expansion for IR. Be different from the general query expansion  , here the recapitulative concepts were more focused on. Query expansion aims to add a certain number of query-relevant terms to the original query in order to improve retrieval effectiveness. Figure 4shows that for Topic 100  , query expansion is effective in the sense that it reduces the variation in system response due to query-to-query variation. Topic 100 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. For example  , the query expansion technology in the PubMed system will automatically add related MeSH terms to user's query. The thesaurus-based query expansion applies a thesaurus to map controlled vocabularies to user query terms. Our systems have several parameters. We performed the third run in order to compare our query expansion to manual query expansion because including terms in the description as query terms can simulate an effect of manual query expan- sion. Documents are then retrieved based on the expanded query model. The first approach is called as entity-centric query expansion  , in which we integrate the related entities into the original query model to perform query expansion. However  , in this paper we limit the expansion to individual terms. Latent concept expansion can be adopted to include any arbitrary concept type for query expansion. When the manual CNF query doesn't expand the selected query term  , no expansion term will be included in the final query. For example  , results reported in column 2 row 2 selects 1 original query term of the highest idf for expansion  , and a maximum of 1 expansion term is included for the selected query term. Query expansion involves adding new words and phrases to the existing search terms to generate an expanded query. To overcome the above problems  , researchers have focused on using query expansion techniques to help users formulate a better query. Using these sets of expansion terms  , Magennis and Van Rijsbergen simulated a user selecting expansion terms over four iterations of query expansion. However  , as query expansion aims to retrieve this set of documents  , they form the best evidence on the utility of expansion terms. None of the previous work described in the next section systematically investigates the relationship between term reweightirtg and query expansion  , and most results for query expansion using the probabilistic model have been inconclusive. Whereas the vector space model used in the SMART system has an inherent relationship between term reweighing and query expansion  , the probabilistic model has no built-in provision for query expan- si~ although query expansion is known to be important. 4.4  , we tuned the number of concepts k for query expansion using training data. Number of expansion concepts In Sec. However  , this expansion produces a single semantic vector only. Expansion of query vectors is used for instance in 17 ,24. Wikipedia Topic-Entity Expansion Starting from top-15 documents ranked by our system  , we follow two query expansion steps: 1. Our second submission only uses Wikipedia for query expansion . Expansion terms are integrated in our baseline system. In the automatic query expansion mode  , the expansion terms are added directly to each of the original query terms with the Boolean OR operator  , before the query is sent to the Lucene index. Its configuration determines which ontology relationships are used for the generation of query expansion terms. If we only consider this query subset  , mean average precision for the InL2 model is 0.2906 without query expansion  , and with our domainspecific query expansion a MAP of 0.2211  , a relative decrease of -23.9%. For the domain-specific query expansion  , only 36 queries were expanded. For a certain OriginQuery  , we use two strategies to extend it: 1 twitter corpus based query expansion and 2 web-based query expansion. This shows that query expansion is crucial for short queries as it is hard to extract word dependency information from the original query for RBS. Interestingly  , for short queries we find that relation matching without query expansion RBS performs worse than a density based passage ranking with dependency based query expansion DBS+DRQET. In other words  , if we had access to an oracle that always provided us the best sub-query and best expansion set for a query  , we can obtain the indicated upper bound on performance. " Upper Bound " refers to the situation when the best sub-query and best expansion set was used for query reduction and expansion respectively. This approach integrates IQE directly into query formulation  , giving help at a stage in the search when it can positively affect query quality  , and possibly supporting the development of improved expansion strategies by searchers. Real-Time Query Expansion RTQE describes an interface mechanism whereby candidate expansion terms are presented to the searcher as they enter their search query. In both ICTWDSERUN3 and ICTWDSERUN4  , we use google search results as query expansion. In Real-time Adhoc task  , 60 queries are tested and four runs are submitted with different query expansions and different learning-to-rank methods. Tfidf query expansion is used in ICTWDSERUN1  , and concurrency frequency query expansion is used in ICTWDSERUN2. For INQUERY sub-runs  , Arabic query expansion was just like English query expansion  , except the top 10 documents were retrieved from the Arabic corpus  , rather than the English corpus  , and 50 terms  , not 5  , were added to the query. Arabic query expansion was handled in different ways for INQUERY sub-runs and LM sub-runs. This could be due to the fact that we have trained our query expansion mechanism on long queries before noise reduction  , but not on long queries after noise reduction. With query expansion on the body of documents only  , query noise reduction results in slightly worse retrieval performance  , compared to using query expansion without noise removal second part of Table 4  , first row. Table 2also presents the results of query structure experiments. The results of the expansion experiments are presented in Table 1manual selection of expansion keys and Table 2automatic selection of expansion keys  , and organism names as expansion keys. Instead  , our query expansion method includes all expansion concepts in CE. In this strategy  , the expansion terms are not limited to the set of explicit expansion concepts XE which were defined previously. We call this strategy " topic-oriented query expansion " . In the cluster to which the query term concepts of our concern belong  , other terms can be selected as candidates of the query expansion. The resulting query aspects are kept as phrases for subsequent query expansion  , since phrases are reported to improve retrieval results when compared to single-word index- ing 14  , 15. In the following sections we elaborate on our query expansion strategies. We weight query terms at a ratio of 25:1 relative to the expansion terms. We then build a new query  , comprising the terms from the original query  , plus the expansion terms for the selected question type. We were surprised to learn that both query expansion approaches resulted in lower MAP values. As explained in Section 4.1  , the domainspecific query expansion will add  , in mean  , 10 new terms to each query. The parameterized query expansion method proposed in this paper addresses these limitations. In addition  , these supervised techniques take into account only the explicit query concepts and disregard the latent concepts that can be associated with the query via expansion. Thus  , our query expansion was topic-independent. Note that we did not use documents retrieved by a query to be expanded  , as we wanted to develop a query expansion method applicable for any queries. Synonym expansion combines existing information in the query and several external databases to derive lists of words which are similar to the query term. A second feature which we call synonym expansion was applied only to query terms. Moreover  , the " storm-related " - " weather-related " dichotomy also exists for these systems. We see that although the query expansion systems move points associated with some queries  , neither expansion system offers much reduction in the query-to-query scatter. Query expansion can be used to describe the user's information need more precisely e.g. The query expansion techniques 16  endeavour to automatically provide additional information to the query that will help to obtain better search results. Figure 11shows all 120 points in the topic 59 configuration. The purpose of this run was to evaluate the impact of query expansion and query removal on the IR performance. In addition  , we employed the Bo1 model 2 for query expansion. Query expansion methods augment the query with terms that are extracted from interests/context of the user so that more personally relevant results can be retrieved. Two popular techniques are query expansion and results re-ranking. Our expansion procedure worked by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion. If it fails to answer the query it returns the first result returned by Google for that query. Among non-WebX query expansion methods  , Proper Noun Phrases  , Overlapping Sliding Window OSW  , and CF Terms helped retrieval performance for longer queries. After query expansion  , we used Natural Language Toolkit NLTK 3 to remove stop words and to perform stemming. It is obviously that this query expansion operation dramatically enriches the content of query. Definition of IPC classes consists of the explanations regarding each IPC class which can be used to identify the important concepts and subtopics of the query. Such words are more specific and more useful than the words in the original query for collection selection. Query expansion dramatically improves the performance of this query by 124X  , due to the expansion words " pension "   , " retiree "   , " budget "   , " tax "   , etc. Further implicit query expansion is achieved by inference rules  , and exploiting class hierarchies. This can be seen as a form of query expansion  , where the set of instances represent a new set of query terms  , leading to higher recall values.  prisbm: Run with query expansion based on Google query expanding and manually term-weighting. Indri. Moreover  , Query Expansion technology is also employed in this run. method to construct object query. 7  , to the query aspects. It will be of interest to compare between the quality of our suggested technique and the quality of standard query expansion techniques. d We introduce a novel method for query expansion based on the query recommendation tree. We used external medical literature corpus MEDLINE®  as a tagged knowledge source to acquire useful query expansion terms. #weight  1-w #combine original query terms w #combine expansion query terms  The result of the synonym expansion would be added to the former result of query expansion by other means. We select all of the synonyms of each word in the query for each query depending on the part of speech. Synonym expansion can increase the number of words in each query greatly  , depending on the query and the number of synonyms found. Since synonym expansion relied on multiple sources  , duplicates in the enlarged query were removed. The proposed query expansion method based on a PRF model builds on language modeling frameworks a query likelihood model for IR. Then  , we describe the proposed concept-based temporal relevance model for query expansion. The expansion words do not change the underlying information need  , but make the expanded query more suitable for collection selection. We hope that query expansion will add words which are more specific than the words in the original query. The expansion words for this query are " greenhouse "   , " deforestation " and so forth. Other cases where query expansion helps include the query " depletion or destruction of the rain forest affected the worlds weather " . Automatic approaches to query expansion have been studied extensively in information retrieval IR. Query expansion adds terms and possibly reweighs original query terms  , so as to more effectively express the original information need.  Which ontological query expansion terms are most suitable for which type of query terms concept  , project  , person  , organization queries ? Which ontological relationships are most useful as query expansion terms for the field of educational research ? Besides  , the different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. Basically  , we assume that disease terms are helpful for query expansion for all kind of query types. Finally  , we aim to show the utility of combining query removal and query expansion for IR. Then  , we aim to show the effectiveness of three query expansion models Bo1  , Bo2 and KL on the TRECMed 2011 collection. However  , as the number of query terms increases  , the rates of improvement brought about by query expansion become significantly less. Figure 2shows that query expansion can bring more than 30% of improvement for queries with less than three terms. This is done so that all the topically-relevant documents are retrieved. Query Expansion: Before a query is passed to Lucene  , we first use the probabilistic query expansion model 10 to expand it by adding relevant terms. Very few terms were added through the interactive query expansion facility. The searchers tended to use more query terms on the experimental interface than the control system and more terms were added through query expansion. That variations can be generated after the search  , as a suggestion of related queries  , or before the search to offer higher quality coverage results. – Query expansion: The query expansion consists in the generation of variations of the user's query. It is therefore not useful to make an expansion for this query. query. 3 describes query expansion with parameterized concept weights. Then  , Sec. While there has been significant amount of work on automated query expansion and query replacement  , we anticipate these enhancements to be integrated into the search engine. In RuralCafe  , we explicitly avoid the problem of automated query expansion. The online dictionary Wikipedia 2 was utilized to accomplish the expansion. Our expansion procedure works by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion. Query expansion is a wellknown method in IR for improving retrieval performance. To further mitigate the negative effect of mistranslated query terms  , many researchers have employed query expansion techniques. Third  , we may also suggest a third cause for the success of the query expansion methods: the relevance assessments themselves. Our experiment showed that short queries tend to benefit more from query expansion. In this paper  , we also studied the relationship between query lengths and improvements by query expansion. Prioritization For All Queries means that documents containing phrases enclosed in phrase or mandatory operators in the original query or expanded queries are prioritized. An English query is first used to retrieve a set of documents from this collection. We experimented with pre-translation query expansion using the Foreign Broadcasting collections of TREC and used various levels of query expansion. According to our experience in TREC 2009  , TREC 2010 and TREC 2011  , query expansion is effective to improve the result. In diversity task  , we can consider each query expansion as an aspect or sub-topic of the origin query. Long queries use title  , description and narrative. Figure 4. Search Engine with interactive query expansion semi. Incorrect words aaect collection statistics and query expansion. Word pruning. The results are arranged along two dimensions of user effort  , the number of query terms selected for expansion  , and the maximum number of expansion terms to include for a selected query term. Our conservative query expansion hurt us in this environment. Title-only with Query Expansion run Run name: JuruTitQE . Recommending useful entities e.g. as query expansion mechanisms. Figure 8. Search Engine with automatic query expansion auto. Description-only with Query Expansion run Run name: JuruDesQE . 5. We exploit the top-scored entities e.g. Our experiments focused on query expansion techniques using INQUERY. Taking a more detailed look at the effect of certain thesaurus relationships on the effectiveness of query expansion  , Greenberg determined that synonyms and narrower terms are well suited for automatic query expansion  , because they " increased relative recall with a decline in precision that was not statistically significant " 6 . One argument in favour of AQE is that the system has access to more statistical information on the relative utility of expansion terms and can make better a better selection of which terms to add to the user's query. All or some of these expansion terms can be added to the query either by the user – interactive query expansion IQE – or by the retrieval system – automatic query expansion AQE. Automatic query expansion is more desirable in a deployed system  , but the uncertain quality of the expansion terms can confuse the evaluation. Since our focus is on diagnosis  , not query expansion  , one of the most important confounding factors is the quality of the expansion terms  , which we leave out of the evaluation by using a fixed set of high quality expansion terms from manual CNF queries to simulate an expert user doing manual expansion. The experiment results show that The basic tie-breaking framework is more effective than the traditional retrieval method in tweets retrieval. That was in contrary to the results we got using query expansion over 2011 and 2012 topics. We also noticed an interesting observation in query expansion for 2013 topics; results with a low number of expansion tweets were the best  , while increasing the number of expansion tweets resulted in a decrease in P@30 as represented in Figure 2. Tables 1 2 and 3 report the expansion retrieval performance of predicted-Pt | R based and idf based diagnostic expansion  , following the evaluation procedure detailed in Section 4.1. Term expansion is used to find expanded terms that are closely related to the original query terms  , while relation path expansion aims to extract additional relations between query and expanded terms. The two methods are based on the extension of the technique presented in 8 to perform term expansion and relation path expansion. However  , previous query expansion methods have been limited in extracting expansion terms from a subset of documents  , but have not exploited the accumulated information on user interactions. Four experimental configurations are reported: baseline search base  , query expansion using BRF brf  , query expansion with parallel BRF pbrf and query expansion using both BRF and PBRF brf+pbrf. Table 1 gives the results for both cw and mw term weightings for the SDR'99 data set. However  , these two dimensions of flexibility also make automatic formulation of CNF queries computationally challenging  , and makes manual creation of CNF queries tedious. Compared to LSA or bag of word expansion  , CNF queries offer control over what query terms to expand the query term dimension and what expansion terms to use for a query term the expansion dimension. Effective query expansion might depend on the topics of the queries as observed in Table 4. Query expansion for CSIs would be an easier approach to developing CSI-aware search engines  , since query expansion can be installed to on search engines without having to modify their document rankers. This indicates that the chosen features were able to accurately predict the AP for the expanded and unexpanded lists of each query. As follows from Table 7  , for all the three settings of our experiments  , selective query expansion achieved statistically significant improvement in terms of MAP over automatic query expansion using expansion on all queries. These results show that worthwhile improvements are possible from interactive query expansion in the restricted context represented by the Cranfield collection. It is assumed that experienced users of interactive query expansion would be able to reach this level of performance  , The 'experienced user' performance is compared with the performance of inexperienced interactive query expansion users in the same setting. The potential effectiveness  , compared with automatic query expansion  , is measured using a method similar to Harman's but with an improved simulation of good term selections. However  , in the case of RDF and SPARQL  , view expansion is not possible since expansion requires query nesting   , a feature not currently supported by SPARQL. In relational databases  , query rewriting over SQL views is straightforward as it only requires view expansion  , i.e. , the view mentioned in the user SQL query is replaced by its definition . For topic 59  , query expansion does not recognize one equivalence in the query statements  , the equivalence between " storm-related " and " weather-related. " CNF queries ensure precision by specifying a set of concepts that must appear AND  , and improve recall by expanding alternative forms of each concept. For example  , when doing retrieval from closed caption second row i n T able 10  , doing query expansion from print news yields an average precision of 0.5742  , whereas our conservative query expansion yields only 0.5390  , a noticeable drop. This is evident b y the consistently better results from doing query expansion from the print news vs. doing conservative collection enrichment. Moreover  , since we apply query expansion in all our submitted runs  , we also measure the above two correlation measures without query expansion  , in order to check how query expansion affects the effectiveness of our predictors. Furthermore  , in order to better evaluate our predictors  , besides of the Kendall's tau  , we measure the Spearman's correlation of the predictors with average precision. Accordingly   , in future work  , we intend to introduce additional types of concepts into the parameterized query expansion framework   , including multiple-term expansion concepts  , named entities  , and non-adjacent query term pairs. Overall  , our findings demonstrate that the parameterized query expansion is an effective and flexible framework that can seamlessly incorporate multiple concept types. This suggests that our version of query expansion is indeed useful in improving the retrieval effectiveness of the search. Our thesaurus-based query expansion performed very well as compared to using LINC without query expansion  , with an improvement of 44.51% and 31.10% performance improvement over the average precision-at-k  , for date and relevance sorting  , respectively. In general  , QE interacts with query structure: with a large expansion strong query structures seem necessary  , but with a slight or no expansion weak structures perform well. These were also significantly better than performance of any other query structure and expansion combination. It is obvious that high Recall levels can be reached with massive query expansion  , but automatic query expansion tends to deteriorate Precision as well  , so the challenge is to find stemming methods which improve Recall without a significant loss in Precision. The basic method by which different techniques were compared was query expansion. Namely  , our tweet based language model for query expansion still does quite a bit better than our baseline and still appears to give some improvement over the initial query expansion run. Our results would seem to indicate that the language model used for query expansion does matter. We distinguish between the two versions in that one applies further query expansion for only those queries in which people's names occur 4 and the other applies for further query expansion for all queries 5 . After retrieval with the baseline system of section 2.2  , we experiment with two versions of Wikipedia-based query expansion. In CF1 we highlighted the suggested query expansion terms shown in the context of snippets  , and put a checkbox next to each snippet. The hypothesis we investigate by comparing these two clarification forms is whether short contextual environments in the form of snippets around the suggested query expansion terms help users in selecting query expansion terms. In twitter corpus based query expansion  , we first use TREC-API to get the top ranked tweet set. Automatic query expansion AQE occurs when the system selects appropriate terms for use in query expansion and automatically adds these terms to users' queries. Query expansion techniques can assist users with increasing the length of their queries through automatic and interactive techniques. The worst case is the query with Boolean structure with the narrower concepts expansion BOOL/En. It is based on average precision at 10 recall points and shows the worst query structure and expansion combination  , and the best expansion of each query structure type. The improvement over the no expansion baseline becomes significant after expanding two query terms for the idf method  , and after only expanding one query term for predicted Pt | R. Similarly  , including more expansion terms along each column almost always improves retrieval  , except for the idf method in Table 1with only one query term selected for expansion. Our experimental evaluation is divided into three main parts: 1 extracting entity-synonym relationships from Wikipedia  , and improving time of synonyms using the NYT corpus  , 2 query expansion using time-independent synonyms  , and 3 query expansion using time-dependent synonyms. In this section  , we will evaluate our proposed approaches extracting and improving time of synonyms  , and query expansion using time-based synonyms. In this paper  , we introduce the query expansion and ranking methods used by the NICTA team at 2007 Genomics Track. In addition   , the importance of the original query concepts is maintained after query expansion by using a geometric progression to normalize the contributed of the expansion terms. The work presented here extends previous work by investigating the effectiveness of the system and users in suggesting terms for query expansion. Finally  , in a study of term sources for query expansion during user-intermediary retrieval  , Spink 4 found that the most effective query expansion terms came from users. Baseline refers to a querylikelihood QL run using the Indri search engine 24  , while PRF refers to automatic query expansion using PRF 2 . " In order to effectively apply relation-based methods to short or ungrammatical queries  , we use the external resources such as the Web to extract additional terms and relations for query expansion. In this section  , we describe how the gene lexical variants section 2.2 and the domain knowledge section 2.3 are utilized for query expansion and how the query expansion is implemented in the IR model described in section 2.4. As such  , query expansion is critical for improving the performance of IR systems in the biomedical literature . Researchers have also investigated users' ability to select good terms for query expansion 15  , 23  , 25. Under the relation based framework for passage retrieval  , dependency relation based path expansion can further bring about a 17.49% improvement in MRR over fuzzy matching RBS of relation matching without any query expansion. The use of relation path query expansion DRQER under RBS can further improve the MRR score to over 0.554  , which is significantly better than the best reported results in 8 for RBS without query expansion. In practice  , an expansion term may act on the query in dependence with other terms  , and their weights may be different. The acronym-expansion checking function returns true if e is an expansion of a  , and false otherwise. Let a and e be an acronym and a query  , respectively. Section 3 provides an overview of the MRF model and details our proposed latent concept expansion technique. In Section 2 we describe related query expansion approaches. We use this as our baseline text-based expansion model. Relevant expansion terms are extracted and used in combination with the original query the RM3 variant. The initial natural language topic statement is submitted to a standard retrieval engine via a Query Expansion Tool QET interface. The topic expansion interaction proceeds as follows: 1. This shows up in several areas. Our query expansion method is based on the probabilistic models described above. Then the topranked terms can be selected as expansion terms. In TREC 2012 microblog track  , we explore the query expansion and document expansion approaches to tweet retrieval. The results show the approach works well. Automatic query expansion does not increase recall  , but significantly increases precision. Document expansion combined with vector space model improves retrieval results. In addition  , they vary window sizes for matching queries but in our technique window sizes are determined by sentence lengths. For the 2014 TREC clinical track  , our research focuses on query expansion. Keeping this in mind  , the expansion intended in this research would use Metamap  , UMLS Metathesaurus  , and SNOMED-CT to find relevant documents pertaining to the query/topic. As shown by the results  , compared with the results obtained without query expansion see Table 17  , the query expansion does improve retrieval performance  , if an appropriate setting is applied. c = 15.34 for short queries and c = 2.16 for long queries. saw that one of their query expansion methods hurt results for highly relevant tweets while a different method improved results for highly relevant tweets 7. Most reported that query expansion improved their results  , although Louvan et al. Here  , we show how performance varies when the relation matching technique is reinforced by query expansion. State-of-theart QA systems adopt query expansion QE to alleviate such problems 5  , 10  , 8. The first method is heuristic query expansion  , and the second is based on random walks over UMLS. This year We have tested two different methods for query expansion based on DbPedia and UMLS. Table 1 shows the results of different query expansion methods on two TREC training datasets. To compare the performance of different query expansion patterns  , we used the top 1  , 000 tweets returned by API. The words expressing method or protocol such as method  , protocol  , approach  , and technique were collected in a dictionary  , which was used for query expansion in topics 100-109. STIRS was developed such that any given module could be easily turned on or off to allow for multiple combinations of experiments  , i.e. We experimented with using row expansion to indirectly expand the query in 2 of our Main Web Task submissions. In past TRECs  , "query expansion" was considered necessary to produce top results 11. Cengage Learning produces a number of medical reference encyclopedias. Medical reference query expansion was based on the idea that medical encyclopedias may be able to suggest effective expansion terms for a query. Therefore query expansion could be applied to symbols as it was done for keywords. As it is well known in the IR literature  , query expansion helps to address the problem of word ambiguity. Overall  , the two newly proposed models  , as well as the query expansion mechanism on fields are shown to be effective. Therefore  , the selective query expansion mechanism provides a better early precision. When combining the expansion terms with the original query  , the combination weights are 2-fold cross-validated on the test set. more than 3 query terms are selected for expansion. The reason for this is a decrease in the score assigned to documents that include the original query terms but do not include the expansion terms. This expansion results in a loss of precision compared to the original query. For tweet expansion  , we used relevance modelling based approach to expand tweets by topically and temporally similar tweets. For query expansion  , we tried the classical blind relevance feeback to add new topically-similar terms to the query. The central problem of query expansion is how to select expansion terms. A query is expanded using words or phrases with similar meanings to increase the chance of retrieving more relevant documents 14. Figure I visualises the results. None of the three measures exhibit a strong correlation with performance improvement when using this expansion method. These query differences  , however  , do not directly predict whether or not the WIKI. LINK query expansion method will improve retrieval performance. They found one of the query expansion failure reasons is the lack of relevant documents in the local collection. Some studies focus on using an external resource for query expansion. In the lamdarun05  , we extracted important terms from Wikipedia with diagnosis terms and added to query expansion. The suggested diagnosis terms were added to a query expansion in lamdarum04. It might be important to find appropriate combination of terms for query expansion. The results show that the performance of our simple query expansion approach is not as good as the provided baseline. 3. expansion based on all retrieved documents. The expanded query gave 4 times as much weight to the original query as to the expansion terms; this is based on decent results from previous experiments. The parameters were fixed for all the evaluation conditions at: b=0.86; and K=1.2 for the baseline run without query expansion  , and K=1.1 with query expansion. Table 1 . Following the Semantic Web vision 1   , more and more ontologically organized Semantic Web data is currently being produced. Which ontological relationships are suitable for automatic query expansion; which for interactive query expansion ? Examples of systems that employ query expansion include Dynix  , INNOPAC  , Silver Platter  , INSTRUCT and Muscat 8. In the design and development of information retrieval systems  , this learning of new and potentially useful vocabulary from records viewed is called query expansion. In this section we propose and evaluate an approach that makes query expansion practical in a distributed searching environment. Experiments in the previous section confirmed our conjecture concerning the benefit of query expansion in a distributed searching environment. Searches were carried out using all cutoffs between O and 20  , 0 being no query expansion. This was repeated for four iterations of query expansion  , thus retrieving a total of 100 documents for the search. So experienced users' interactive query expansion performance is simulated by the following method: Searches are therefore carried out using every combination of the cut-offs 0 ,3  , 6  , 10  , and 20  , over 4 query expansion iterations. And we picked the top-k documents in one topic and use them to produce the expansion words. We use Bo1 model 11 to get query expansion words. Query expansion comes from two sources and used in different stages. This application of expansion strategy aims to achieve high precision and moderate recall. The temporal query-expansion approach UNCTQE was the best performing across all metrics. The temporal prior approach might have performed better in combination with document expansion. W~ have not been able to achieve any significant improvements over non expansion. Our results on query expansion using the N P L data are disappointing. the expansion dimension. Along the two directions of term diagnosis and expansion  , prior research has focused on identifying synonyms of query terms  , i.e. It is more effective than relevance model weights when expansion is more balanced  , i.e. Fig.4shows an example of our query expansion result. And we selected the top 20 terms as highly relevant expansion terms for the next scoring step. The submitted runs both use different forms of MeSH based query expansion. For both runs the Gene name expansion was applied as described in subsection 3.1. Based on these studies  , we propose a query expansion framework such that the expansion models come from both event type and event related entities. We examined the effectiveness of our different query expansion strategies and tried to find reasonable configuration for each. Therefore  , our final expansion configuration were set as: For the named page queries  , besides linguistic expansion from stemming in the IS ABOUT predicate  , we did not do any query expansion. the "   , " by "  as previously mentioned. For the other two approaches  , we use the same query expansion and document expansion techniques. Next we describe the language model based RTR model in detail. The procedure for our crowdsourced query expansion was as follows. A recent snapshot of English Wikipedia was used as the expansion corpus. In principle there can be miss/false drop effects on expansion sets. Further issues arise with query expansion using terms from documents. The results of this comparison are summarized in Table 6. Pre-translation expansion creates a stronger base for translation and improves precision. Query expansion before or after automatic translation via MRD significantly reduces translation error. We take the top 10 Wikipedia articles  , extract 30 expansion terms and give the expansion query a weight of 0.5. Furthermore  , we apply the 'exact match' strategy. In particular  , we explored query expansion and tweet expansion. For our system  , we applied various techniques to retrieve more relevant tweets. First  , the traditional goal of query expansion has been to improve recall potentially at the expense of precision in a retrieval task. Our motivation for and usage of query expansion greatly differs from this previous work  , however. We proposed an iterative query expansion approach to improve total recall. Query Expansion: The microblog track organizers provided participants with the terms statistics for Tweets13 collection. In post-TREC experiments  , we worked on enhancing the query expansion and temporal re-scoring approaches. This run constitutes our baseline for the runs applying the query expansion methodology. InexpC2QE We also tested the model selection mechanism with the use of a query expansion methodology. The different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. Besides the standard topical query expansion Topic QE  , we also give results of the weighted topical query expansion W. Topic QE. We use oddnumbered topics 800–850 from the Terabyte track for training . It did not show any improvement over the baseline  , and further it was significantly worse than the manual query expansion UMassBlog3. However  , the performance of our query expansion technique UMassBlog4 is somewhat disappointing. The documents are scanned for the expansion terms or term sequences  , and the number of occurrences is counted for every expansion. The remaining expansions are combined into a new disjunctive query element that is added to the original query. Our experiments show that query expansion can hurt robustness seriously while it improves the average precision. We focus on using different retrieval methods and query expansion methods for improving the retrieval effectiveness. The properties used for performing the query expansion can be configured separately for each ontology. To increase the recall of the information retrieval tasks  , ONKI Selector performs query expansion by ontological inference. However   , it is a little surprising that the largest improvement in retrieval performance was found with simplest method of term selection and weighting for query expansion. These results indicate that query expansion with rsui works well for Japanese text.  AQR can additionally " punish " relevant documents that do not include the terms selected for expansion. Thus  , for this query  , query expansion actually results in a significant loss of precision. We hypothesise that if query expansion using the local collection i.e. Furthermore  , it is now accepted that query expansion works only on queries which have a good top-ranked document set returned by the first-pass retrieval 2  , 13. It expands a query issued by a user with additional related terms  , called expansion terms  , so that more relevant documents can be retrieved. Query expansion QE is an effective strategy to address the challenge. In the current implementation  , only noun phrases are considered for phrase recognition and expansion. Phrase recognition and expansion are applied to the most likely syntactic parse obtained for a user query according to the PCFG estimated from the query log. To use this framework for query expansion  , we first choose an expansion graph H that encodes the latent concept structure we are interested in expanding the query using. , E k  using Equation 2. It refers to selectively applying automatic query expansion AQE whenever predicted performance is above a certain threshold . One of the main applications of QPP is selective Query Expansion 1. From the aspect of topic understanding  , the Learning Query Expansion LQE model based on semi-machine learning method is designed. In our system  , query expansion is added automatically to improve the retrieval accuracy. We thus regard the distance of an expansion term to the query term as a measure of relatedness. We assume that an expansion term refer with higher probability to the query terms closer to its position. We then calculate an IPC score based on the expansion concepts in CE. In this strategy  , instead of query expansion  , we first calculate a relevance score based on the original keyword query Q. To this end  , we constructed a domaindependent conceptual lexicon which can be used as an external resource for query expansion. In this paper we introduced a proximity based framework for query expansion which utilizes a conceptual lexicon for patent retrieval. In a series of experiments we highlighted the importance of semantic proximity between query expansion terms and the center of user attention. 3 Often  , query expansion does not literally re-use previously encountered terms but highly related ones  , instead. We first report the results of using query expansion in the collection selection stage only. We expect that using query expansion in both collection selection and retrieval stages will eliminate this problem and further improve retrieval performance. When compared to other query expansion techniques 15  , 24   , our method is attractive because it does not require careful tuning of parameters. From a traditional IR perspective  , our method is a massive query expansion technique. A graph-based query expansion would spread all resources associated with an activated instance which is suited for thesauri. We chose this way of query expansion since it enables better to specify which documents are relevant. The Local query expansion method can be formalized as follows. Since this may affect the quality of the query expansion  , in our experiments we investigate how the size of the samples affects retrieval performance. In the past query-expansion on web-results has been shown to be useful for ad retrieval2. Web-queries and ad-creatives are both very short  , so we hypothesized that query-expansion would be useful. Our results are supported in these Proceedings by Pirkola 23 . But the interactive query expansion users are not then involved in their own tasks. To allow direct comparison with the retrieval performance of automatic query expansion the same documents  , topics  , and relevance judgments have to be used. All terms ranked at or above a given cut-off were used for query expansion and another 20 documents were retrieved. We will consider this in future work  , our intention here is to investigate the general applicability of query expansion. We also do not differentiate between queries although the success of query expansion can vary greatly across queries. This is also supported by the result that a topic-independent query expansion failed to improve search performances for some of the CSIs. We used information theoretic query expansion and focused on careful paremeter selection. In addition to testing the eeectiveness of the term weighting framework  , we were interested in evaluating the utility of query expansion on the WT10g collection. We quickly switched to Google for query expansion and found that  , on average  , the top four results produced the most pertinent pages. This discovery illustrated the power of using Google search results for query expansion. A retrieved document can be either relevant or irrelevant wrt. We compared the results of top-k retrieved documents of each query without synonym expansion  , and those of the same query with synonym expansion. Considering the measures of relevance precision and precision at 10 documents  , it can be observed from Figure 9that FVS outperforms all other query expansion methods. For the query expansion experiments  , the Terrier 27 software was used. The only method we tested that did not use query-expansion UNCTP performed significantly worse than the others. First  , given that tweets are text-impoverished  , query-expansion seems to be important. We found that query expansion helped the performance of the baseline increase greatly. We then added query expansion  , internal structure  , document authority  , and multiple windows to the baseline  , respectively. Query expansion is a technology to match additional documents by expanding the original search query. In our method  , the diversity of topics was represented by the weight of expansion words. The question " What are the proper query expansion techniques for our framework ? " Query expansion has been shown to be very important in improving retrieval effectiveness in medical systems 6. These expansion terms were also structured and assigned with a weight that was one third of the original term to avoid query drift. We tentatively handled the query expansion by applying DM built in the step of indexing by Yatata. Most of teams in last year took the step of query expansion in their system. However  , most query expansion methods only introduce new terms and cannot be directly applied to relation matching. Therefore we need to introduce additional contextual information for these short questions through query expansion. Starting from top-15 documents ranked by our system  , we follow two query expansion steps: 1. In order to improve the retrieval recall we decided to set up a full automatic query expansion module. In this paper  , we present a novel unsupervised query expansion technique that utilizes keyphrases and Part of Speech POS phrase categorization. However  , there are mixed results using ontologies such as WordNet and MeSH for the query expansion task. Among the various approaches  , automatic query expansion by using plain co-occurrence data is the simplest method. Experiments with semiautomatic query expansion  , however  , do not result in significant improvement of the retrieval effectiveness &m 92. The effect of expansion on the top retrieved documents depends on ho~v good the expansion is. Five of the nine retrieval methods used in the Query Track expand the query substantially either implicitly or explicitly . Automatic query expansion technique has been widely used in IR. Different from the above work  , we investigate the capability of social annotations in improving the retrieval performance as a promising resource for query expansion. Therefore   , the performance of query expansion can be improved by using a large external collection. P θ is the original query model as described in section 2  , e is the expansion term under consideration  , and w is its weight. Therefore  , we consider the following additional features: -co-occurrences of the expansion term with the original query terms; -proximity of the expansion terms to the query terms. As we mentioned  , these features are insufficient. An expanded query is formulated for each server using the documents sampled from that server. We hasten to point out that our methods are not committed to a specific query expansion approach. In Section 4.1 we provide the details of the query expansion method used for experiments. For instance  , Beaulieu 3 reported that both the explicit and implicit use of a thesaurus using interactive or automatic query expansion respectively can be beneficial. Previous research in thesaurus-based query formulation and expansion has shown promising results. However  , it is necessary to add semantics to symbols so that they can be employed in a query expansion technique. Moreover  , the selective query expansion mechanism increases the early precision performance of the system. With some settings  , we outperform our best submitted runs. According to the results in Tables 3 and 4  , the query expansion mechanism on fields is shown to be robust with various query expansion settings. This is close to the figures obtained by relation matching methods without query expansion as listed in Table 1. Specifically  , query expansion reduces the percentage of incorrect answers from 33% to 28.4%. In our ongoing experiments we are investigating both of these techniques  , however the experiments described here focus only on query expansion. Relevance information may be used either for query expansion or term reweighting. At this stage  , we tried out expansion of Boolean Indri queries. Using this technique  , we applied query expansion based on the relevance information received hitherto. The parallel collection is larger and more reliable than the test collection and should provide better expansion information  , both for terms and weights. First we consider query expansion. Figures 3 and 4 summarize the results. Therefore  , we believe that full expansion with mild query expansion leads to best overall performance. The fundamental similarity between HCQF and automatic query expansion techniques is not hard to be discerned. Also  , more refined query expansion techniques can be incorporated into HCQF to creating more suitable pseudo classes. So  , our query expansion was neither completely helpful nor completely harmful to Passage MAP. We discovered that query expansion increased Passage MAP for 11 topics and decreased Passage MAP for 9 topics. For the query expansion  , we use the top 5 most frequent terms of the summary already produced. After having selected the first sentence of the summary  , we use query expansion for the rest of the blocks. The details will be presented in Section 4. RQ4: How does query expansion based on user-selected phrases affect retrieval performance ? The research questions explored here were: RQ3: Do noun phrases provide sufficient context for the user to select potentially useful terms for query expansion ? In the rest of the experiments  , we always take query expansion into account in our suggestion ranking models. This experiment shows the value of using query expansion in retrieving relevant suggestion candidates. The effectiveness of our query feature expansion is compared with state-of-the-art word-based retrieval and expansion models. For ClueWeb12 we also report an official baseline using Indri's query likelihood model Indri-QL. We found that query expansion techniques  , such as acronym expansion  , while improving 1-concept query retrieval performance  , have little effect on multiconcept queries. Best retrieval performance is obtained for simple 1-concept queries. This indicates that even without considering language constructs in the question  , relation based query expansion can still perform better than cooccurrence based query expansion. We observe a 16.7% of improvement in MRR by comparing DBS+DRQET with DBS+LCA. A potential problem with query expansion is topic drift and the inclusion of non-informative terms from highly ranked documents. For each topic we show the original query and the selected expansion terms. We used a baseline  , which uses a single fixed window without considering query expansion  , internal structure  , and document authority. It also allows introduction of expansion terms that are related to the query as a whole  , even if their relationship to any specific original query term is tenuous. This form of expansion is simple to manage and effective. By using this methodology  , the most commonly occurring words and phrases after eliminating stop words were utilized for query expansion terms. All query terms are expanded by their lexical affinities as extracted from the expanding Web page 3. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. Unbiased query expansion improves " aspect recall " by bringing in more " rare " relevant documents  , that are not identified by the standard query-biased expansion methods that we consider. Incidentally  , we start the discussion regarding related work with publication that had to do with query expansion. However  , most related researches available make use of query expansion  , and therefore  , that method was of interest to our team as well. Based on these results query expansion was left out of the TREC-9 question-answering system. We experimented with query expansion for first stage retrieval but experienced a slight drop in the results. We propose a new query expansion mechanism  , which appropriately uses the various document fields available. Therefore  , this year  , we aim to have a refined query expansion by using more fine grained data. The query expansion mechanism refines the DFR term weighting models by a uniform combination of evidence from the three fields. We develop a new query expansion mechanism based on fields. Our explanation is that the selective query expansion mechanism refines the top-ranked documents  , while it introduces noise to the rest of the returned documents. Using query expansion is a popular method used in information retrieval. An example query and its expansion would be: " Tiger Woods PGA win " => " Tiger Woods PGA win golf tournament Masters victory. " This helps to prune documents with low number of query and/or expansion terms. In addition  , only those documents that have at least c query + expansion terms in them where chosen. As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts. The resulting top concepts were converted to terms as in query expansion with UMLS Metathesaurus. When compared to the relevance models retrieval RM doc   , which effectively performs query expansion  , the relatedtext is on par or only slightly better. The related-text significantly improves the results of retrieval methods that do not perform query expansion. Such exhaustive exploration of the sub-query space is infeasible in an operational environment. Similarly  , for query expansion  , we need to analyze all 2 n combinations of expansion terms from the n suggested by PRF. Based on a word-statistical retrieval system  , 11 used definitions and different types of thesaurus relationships for query expansion and a deteriorated performance was reported. 111 assessed query expansion using the UMLS Metathesaurus. It is interesting to note that effediveness continues to increase with the number of query expansion terms. TaMe 5tabulates results as we vary the number of terms t used for query expansion.  Presenting a proximity-based method for estimating the probability that a specific query expansion term is relevant to the query term. Presenting an approach to construct a domain-dependent lexicon for identifying expansion concepts. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. We refer to this set as XE. These weights are then used to re-rank documents in the list R. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. In this paper we examined the potential effectiveness of interactive query expansion. This also shows that personalized re-ranking of results and query expansion with concept lens label work well. Combined lenses re-ranking with results re-ranking or query expansion improve lenses re-ranking performance. Combining either of these two expansion methods with query translation augmented by phrasal translation and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance above 90% monolingual. Post-translation expansion and combining pre-and post-translation expansion enhance both recall and precision. We also experimented with several approaches to query and document expansion using UMLS. More intelligently targeted expansion   , such as expansion limited to specific concept categories  , would likely have been more successful. We set the description field as the expansion field  , and we also select 10 documents in the first retrieval results as the expansion source. Besides  , Query Expansion technology is adopted in this run. It seems that current document expansion approach is still far from a perfect solution to tweet document modeling. Query expansion is a commonly used technique in search engines  , where the user input is usually vague. The key idea is to view the computation of Prt | Q as a query expansion problem. In this paper  , we present a query expansion technique that improves individual search by utilizing contextual information. Our preliminary study shows that precision and recall of the system improve after integrating the new query expansion module. In order to increase the recall of the set of retrieved passages  , we have experimented with three different query expansion techniques. We compare the results obtained with the different query expansion techniques and their combinations in the Results section. Simply by adding one distinctive term to perform query expansion is not enough to find all relevant documents. The reason could be that we didn't find appropriate combination distinctive terms for query expansion. For query expansion purposes  , we use a technique that generalizes Lavrenko's relevance models 4 to work with the useful term proximity features described in the previous section. We also found query expansion to be another valuable strategy. BBN9MONO BBN9XLA BBN9XLB BBN9XLC 0.2888 0.3401 0.3326 0.3099 Table 3shows the impact of query expansion on cross-lingual retrieval performance. The results demonstrate that query expansion BBN9XLA and BBN9XLB improves retrieval performance  , consistent with previous studies Ballesteros and Croft  , 1997. Table 2shows the effect of β-value on the performance of query expansion. Table 2   , we list the retrieval performance of query expansion using different β-values of 0.01  , 0.03  , 0.05 and 0.1.  Which ontological relationships are most useful as query expansion terms for the field of educational research ? Furthermore  , the following more-detailed research questions are addressed:  Can ontologies generate added value in query expansion mechanisms  , as compared to thesauri ? In the second step  , a prototypical retrieval system based on Lucene 6 is implemented   , incorporating both an automatic and an interactive mode for query expansion. Based on our experience  , topic words often exist for an information need. If query expansion is based on the whole query " the White House "   , we will find expansion words such as " Clinton " and " president " . The main contribution of this paper is devising a method for predicting whether expansion using noun phrases will improve the retrieval effectiveness of a query. To achieve consistent improvement in all queries we worked in a selective query expansion framework. Our work goes beyond this work by dropping the assumption that query and expansion terms are dependent. " Yan and Hauptmann 25  explore query expansion in the setting of multimedia retrieval. Bhatia has adopted the latest idea to provide personalized query expansion based on a user profile represented by a dependence tree 3. van Rijsbergen suggests the use of the constructed dependence tree for query expansion. Query expansion can also be based on thesauri. Bhatia has adopted the latest idea to provide personalized query expansion based on a user profile represented by a dependence tree 3. It was always clear that any additional terms obtained by expansion would only be as good as the initial query terms. This leaves the whole question of the effectiveness of query expansion unresolved. As yet no good heuristics for selecting query terms as candidates for expansion have been designed. So it is very interesting to compare the CLQS approach with the conventional query expansion approaches. A related research is to perform query expansion to enhance CLIR 2  , 18. Thus the use of external resources might be necessary for robust query expansion. A good initial retrieval will result in an improvement in query expansion performance but a poor initial retrieval will only make it worse. Figure 1illustrates the general framework for relation based query expansion. In our framework for query expansion  , we adopt a variation of local context method by applying language modeling techniques on relations to select the expanded terms and relation paths. Also  , query expansion in target language recovers the semantics loss by inspecting the rest well-translated terms. Query expansion in source language reserves the room for untranslated terms by including relevant terms in advance. Second  , we describe a novel two-stage optimization technique for parameterized query expansion. As we show  , this framework is a generalization and unification of current state-of-the-art concept weighting 6  , 18  , 31 and query expansion 24  , 15 models. A particular case of query expansion is when search terms are named entities i.e. , name of people  , organizations  , locations  , etc. One way of increasing recall is to perform query expansion. Our results demonstrate that high weight terms are not always necessarily useful for query expansion. This report describes the the query expansion methods that we explored as part of TREC 2008. Thus  , for the following experiments  , we adopted the T+G pattern to perform query expansion. That means  , the words from the two query expansion methods may make up for their shortage of information and improve the performance. It is clear by now that domain-specific query expansion is beneficial for the effectiveness of our document retrieval system. Therefore  , we have conducted some additional experiments in which we have selectively disabled certain parts of the query expansion subsystem. However  , when we apply query expansion to GTT 1  , the MAP decreases  , but the recall increases slightly. When we only apply query expansion in queries of GTT 2  , 3  , 4  , and 5  , our system achieves the best MAP. The second source of information used in query expansion is UMLS Metathesaurus 2. Experiments showed that query expansion by via of gene name dictionary could improve recall rate greatly. The improved results suggest that the expanded terms produced by Google-set are helpful for query expansion. Table 4shows the results for the title only T task using and without using Google-set based query expansion. Many participants did some form of query expansion  , particularly by extracting terms from previously known relevant documents in the routing task. Readers who took part in early TRECs will recall discussions on the issue of selective versus massive" query expansion. A passage importance score is given to each passage unit and extended terms are selected in LCA. Step 3: Query term expansion A method similar to LCA 3 was adopted as a query term expansion technique. Although the exact implementation of their methods differed  , all of the top 5 finishing runs included some form of query expansion 8  , 1  , 6  , 9  , 4. We investigate the effectiveness of query expansion by experiments and the results show that it is promising. However  , query expansion 5 is biased due to topic drift while improving the recall performance. Query expansion runs  , as our baselines  , outperform the median and mean of all 140 submissions. We submitted 10 runs to KBA CCR Track 2013  , including 2 query expansion runs  , 2 classification-based runs and 6 ranking-based runs. We used 25 top-ranked documents retrieved in the UWATbaseTD run for selecting query expansion units. Our main interest in using clarification forms was to evaluate different techniques for selecting MWUs and phrases for interactive query expansion. Web query expansion WebX was the most effective method of all the query expansion methods. As for reranking factors  , CFrelevant documents had the most positive effect  , followed by OSW and CF Terms. 4. jmignore: automatic run using language model with Jelinek-Mercer smoothing  , query expansion  , and full-text search. 3. jmab: automatic run using language model with Jelinek-Mercer smoothing  , query expansion   , and abstracts only. Query expansion was both automatic the top 6 expansion terms were automatically added to the query when the user requested more documents  , and interactive. The complete document could be viewed  , in a separate window  , by clicking on the document title. No use was made of anchor text or any other query-independent additional information for the query expansion run; documents were ranked using only their full text. We therefore did not restrict the selection of expansion terms. We will explain several groups of features below. The best automatic query expansion search for that topic  , using a cut-off of 2  , achieves 51 % precision. Overall  , Harman's method is not particularly good  , achieving a mean precision only just better than the best automatic query expansion search. The lack of improvement by the inexperienced users suggests that interactive query expansion may be difficult to use well. The question of how searchers use  , or could use  , interactive query expansion is therefore an important research topic. In addition to automatic query expansion  , semi-automatic query expansion has also been studied Ekm 92  , Han 92  , Wad 88. However  , this approach does not provide any help for queries without relevance information. In contrast to the approaches presented  , we use a similarity thesaurus Sch 92  as the basis of our query expansion . Thus  , while batch-mode experiments evaluating the effectiveness of automatic query expansion have been favorable  , experiments involving users have had mixed results. The terms that we elicited from users for query expansion improved retrieval performance in all cases. Thus  , there still exists a need for a document-independent source of terms for query expansion.  That any document judged as relevant would have a positive effect on query expansion. That the exclusive use of relevant documents to generate query expansion terms would effect the systems positively. The expansion terms are chosen from the topranked documents retrieved using the initial queries. 2 The impact of query expansion on web retrieval. In this section  , we assess the effect of increasing the number of expansion concepts. This technique provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies during expansion. LCE is a robust query expansion technique based on MRF- IR. 2 reports the enhancement on CLIR by post-translation expansion. This observation has led to the development of cross-lingual query expansion CLQE techniques 2  , 16  , 18. Second  , we investigate the impact of the document expansion using external URLs. We first evaluate the effect of the two-stage PRF query expansion. In the experiments  , to select useful expansion terms  , we use two heterogeneous resources. Automatic query expansion is a widely used technique in IR. In this paper we proposed a robust query expansion technique called latent concept expansion. Future work will look at incorporating document-side dependencies  , as well. In this experiment  , we will only keep the good expansion terms for each query. Models Table 2. The impact of oracle expansion classifier The TREC datasets specified in Table 1were used for experiments. MRFs were also used  , for example  , for query expansion  , passage-based document retrieval  , and weighted concept expansion 27. But different from query expansion  , query suggestion aims to suggest full queries that have been formulated by users so that the query integrity and coherence are preserved in the suggested queries. Query suggestion is closely related to query expansion which extends the original query with new search terms to narrow the scope of the search. The results show that the performance of the expansion on tie-breaking could improve the performance. 2  , we also extend it with two commonly used strategies  , i.e. , query expansion and document expansion. 15  extracted adjacent queries in sessions for query expansion and query substitution   , respectively. 12 and Jones et al. Three things are worth mentioning about the results. looking for the synonyms of the query words. However  , the recency-based approach favors expansion terms from recent tweets and the temporal approach favors expansion terms from relevant busts in the recent or not-so-recent past. Both methods use query expansion. Type-1 terms are non-type-0 terms added to the query during query expansion. and their morphological variants. higher than expansion keys gave middle range results. The unexpanded OSUM query was identical to the unexpanded BOOL query. Internally we use this information to compute a query expansion and translate it into a SPARQL 17 query. after query expansion. Previous results that have combined query-and document-side semantic dependencies have shown mixed results 13  , 27. Query expansion occasionally hurts a query by adding bad terms. The third area is user in- teraction. The results indicate that query expansion based on the expansion corpus can achieve significant improvement over the baselines. The expansion corpus consisted of the WWW  , People and ESW sub-collections of the W3C test collection. However  , two factors directly determine the end performance of diagnostic expansion  , 1 the effectiveness of term diagnosis  , and 2 the benefit from expansion. This work tests the hypothesis that term diagnosis can effectively guide query expansion. While many methods for expansion exist  , their application in FIR is largely unexplored. Ogilvie and Callan have proposed a global approach to query expansion for FIR 15. The most likely k terms according to the relevance model generate the expansion candidates. People have proposed many ways to formulate the query expansion problem. expand the user query with API names. Expansion is followed by query translation. The query is then expanded with the top 5 source terms. The Expand function returns a fuzzy set that results from performing the query followed by query expansion. and 0 otherwise. Following the good results obtained by several groups using Web expansion in previous years  , we upgraded our system to benefit Web expansion using Answers.com search engine. Our next experiment dealt with query expansion based on external resource. To make this baseline strong  , both individual expansion terms and the expansion term set can be weighted. Expansion terms are then grouped and combined with the original query for retrieval. The last three years of Microblog track papers have shown substantial  , consistent  , and significant improvements in retrieval effectiveness from the use of expansion. We therefore tried both query expansion and tweet expansion . Plural and singulars were added using lexical-based heuristics to determine the plural form of a singular term and viceversa . However  , the computational expense and availability of comparable expansion collections should be considered. We strongly recommend the use of pre-translation expansion when dictionary-or corpus-based query translation is performed; in some instances this expansion can treble performance. In this setting we extract proximity information from the documents inside R for computing the importance weights associated with the expansion terms. Table 8we show the percentage of the good expansion terms  , as classified in section 5.3.1  , which were chosen by each subject as being possibly useful for query expansion. For each subject we examine first whether the subjects can detect good expansion terms; whether the subjects can recognise the expansion terms that are likely to be useful in combination with other expansion terms. Three types of query expansion are discussed in literature: manual  , automatic  , and interactive i.e. , semiautomatic  , user-mediated  , or userassisted . In 6 is clarified that query reformulation involves either the restructuring of the original query or by adding new terms  , while query expansion is limited to adding new terms to the original query. Studies of expansion technologies have been performed on three levels: efficient query expansion based on thesaurus and statistics  , replacement-based document expansion  , and term-expansion-related duplication elimination strategy based on overlapping measurement. Accordingly  , expansion-based technologies are the key points. It outperforms bag of word expansion given the same set of high quality expansion terms. We show that CNF expansion leads to more stable retrieval across different levels of expansion  , minimizing problems such as topic drift even with skewed expansion of part of the query. Therefore  , an expansion term which occurs at a position close to many query terms will receive high query relatedness and thus will obtain a higher importance weight. The query relatedness at each expansion term position is then calculated by counting the accumulated query  relatedness density from different query terms at that position . Interactive query expansion is basically the same as the aforementioned term suggestion  , but it appears to have been replaced by query suggestion during the last decade. There are also existing studies on search functionalities that are related to query suggestion but are different: namely  , interactive query expansion 3 and query completion 1  , 14  , 28. The retrieval module produces multiple result sets from using different query formulations. This way  , we can tweak the level of expansion by gradually including more expansion terms from the lists of expansion terms  , and answer how much expansion is needed for optimal performance. The order in which expansion terms are added for a query term is also fixed  , in the same order as they appear in the CNF conjunct. Query expansion may contribute to weight linked shared concepts  , thus improving the document provider's understanding of the query. In order to improve information exchange beyond the " shared part " of the ontologies  , we promote both query expansion at the query initiator's side and query interpretation at the document provider's side. In addition to confirming the main hypothesis  , experiments also showed that Boolean conjunctive normal form CNF expansion outperforms carefully weighted bag of word expansion  , given the same set of high quality expansion terms. The expansion parameters are set to 10 ,80 for all expansion methods  , where 10 is the number of top-retrieval documents and 80 is the number of expansion terms. rmX.qeY10 ,80.run " denotes the retrieval result using retrieval method " rmX " and query expansion method " qeY " see Table 2  , " qe0 " denotes no expansion. The main theme in our participation in this year's HARD track was experimentation with the effect of lexical cohesion on document retrieval. We have experimented with two approaches to the selection of query expansion terms based on lexical cohesion: 1 by selecting query expansion terms that form lexical links between the distinct original query terms in the document section 1.1; and 2 by identifying lexical chains in the document and selecting query expansion terms from the strongest lexical chains section 1.2. We have experimented with two approaches to the selection of query expansion terms based on lexical cohesion: 1 by selecting query expansion terms that form lexical links between the distinct original query terms in the document section 1.1; and 2 by identifying lexical chains in the document and selecting query expansion terms from the strongest lexical chains section 1.2. share a larger number of words than unrelated segments. During our developement work we investigated the impact of various system parameters on the IR results including: the transcriber speed  , the epoch of the texts used for query expansion   , the query expansion term weighting strategy  , the query length  , and the use of non-lexical information. The query expansion procedure of the information retrieval component has been revised and the capability to index nonsegmented audio streams for the unknown story boundaries condition has been added. Terms from the top ten documents were ranked using the same expansion score used in the post-hoc English expansion. After TREC  , we added Arabic query expansion  , performed as follows: retrieve the top 10 documents for the Arabic query  , using LM retrieval if the expanded query would be run in an LM condition  , and using Inquery retrieval if the expanded query would run in an Inquery condition. The parameters used for the TREC-8 experiments were as follows. WordNet synsets are used for query expansion. To form a query  , single-and multi-word units content words are extracted from the parsed query. This serves as our baseline for query expansion. Only Query Q: We performed API search using the initial query Q provided by organizer only. note on efficiency. Similar efficiency considerations for using several query models were described in some recent reports on predicting query performance and on robust query expansion 36  , 3. Effectiveness of query removal for IR. As outlined in Table 4.1  , we used several different query expansions. Researchers have frequently used co-occurring tags to enhance the source query 4  , 5. Another group of work modifies or augments a user's original query  , or query expansion. Section 5 outlines the test data. Query expansion is applied for all the runs. 8: The submitted runs to the Robust track. remains unsolved. Systems return docids for document search. for query expansion  , report improved effectiveness over their baseline systems. Search Engine with interactive query expansion and with advance search options semi+. The sample query is following: Thus  , synonyms are also included in this expansion. 35 proposed a solution for efficient query expansion for advertisement search. al. QEWeb: Query expansion using the web was applied as discussed in pervious section. Type-2 terms are non-type-0 terms in the original query. Second  , query similarity can be used for performing query expansion. First  , the ability to identify similar queries is in the core of any query-recommendation system. For the intersection approach  , the performance is also lower compared to Wikipedia expansion. In addition  , when the query matched exactly with an Wikipedia article and the query contained articles such as 'the'  , we added all the expansion terms obtained by expansion over the Wikipedia corpus. On the training set  , extensions of tiebreaking outperform the basic framework of tie-breaking  , and the performances are comparable with the traditional retrieval method with query expansion and document expansion. From the results  , it is clear that the tie breaking method could out perform the traditional retrieval even apply the query expansion method i.e. , UDInfoMINT. For this set of queries  , it is interesting that the query expansion reduced the gap in cross-lingual performance between short and long queries from 25% relative without expansion to only 5% relative. As expected  , query expansion improved short queries more than long queries. The weight of the expansion terms are set so that their total weight is equal to the total weight of the original query  , thus reducing the effect of concept drift. The number of expansion terms that worked best with the TREC 2011 qrels is 10 expansion terms for each query term. The higher variance of the document expansion run compared to a run without expansion cmuPrfPhr vs. cmuPrf- PhrE also differs from the findings from the 2011 query set  , where document expansion was seen to reduce query performance variance from the baseline and when combined with PRF. A possible cause for this may be the following. It is notable that the subsumption reasoning and indexing strategy actually performs only equally good compared to the baseline approach when no additional query expansion is used. Query expansion increases the accuracy up to 0.16 76% in terms of MAP when full expansion reasoning and indexing strategy is used. Vector representation via query expansion. The two expanded forms now have high cosine similarity. 3 exploit lexical knowledge  , query expansion uses taxonomies e.g. 5 and word sense disambiguation e.g. During this evaluation campaign  , we also proposed a domain-specific query expansion. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS Multiply translations act as the query expansion. These multiple translations usually are exchangeable. Query expansion was applied to just the topic type. This resulted in the icdqe run. Average precision values are given in table 7. Search Engine with automatic query expansion and with advance search options: auto+. Web queries are often short and ambiguous. There are two types of BRF-based query expansion. They are: Recently  , 28 use Wordnet for query expansion and report negative results.  Google∼Web: Google search on the entire Web with query expansion. Wikipedia. Semantic annotation of queries using DBpedia. Query expansion using 30 expanded terms within top 20 documents. use Wikipedia for query expansion more directly. In 8   , Li et al.  Automatic building of terminological hierarchies. Query expansion with phrases suggested by the system 1. First  , we propose a specific query expansion method. In this context  , our contributions are the following. the original query. Performance improves in TRIP in tight expansion w.r.t. A query is optimal if it ranks all relevant documents on top of those non-relevant. The main goal of query expansion is to optimize a query. Using query expansion method  , recall has been greatly improved. Thus we expand the test query  , and then use the expended query on the matching method. Proper nouns in a query are important than any other query terms for they seem to carry more information. We would like the user to control what terms to be ultimately used to expand his/her query. More specifically  , we enumerated all queries that could be expanded from the considered query. For each query  , we checked whether it might be an expansion of another query. Compared to the baseline without query expansion  , all expansion techniques significantly improved the result quality in terms of precision@10 and MAP. A fixed expansion technique using only synonyms and first-order hyponyms of noun-phrases from titles and descriptions already produced fairly highdimensional queries  , with up to 118 terms many of them marked as phrases; the average query size was 35 terms. We performed some experiments to see how the retrieval performance varied as a function of these two parameters. Two other main parameters of automatic query expansion systems are the number of pseudo-relevant documents used to collect expansion terms and the number of terms selected for query expansion. Differences in resource quality may account for disagreeing reports on the effectiveness of query expansion in cross-language retrieval. Expansion terms extracted from these external resources are often general terms. Previous work 15  , 9 which uses external resources for query expansion did not take into account proximity information between query terms and related expansion concepts to form high quality expansions. Note that PPRF and PRF does not achieve improvement over the baseline  , but a fair comparison is to compare the retrieval effectiveness after query expansion with the retrieval effectiveness before query expansion. This result confirms the usefulness of proximity information for identifying importance weights for expansion terms as previously was shown in 13. Inspired by work on combining multiple  , mainly booleanbased   , query representations 3  , we propose a new approach Thus  , recent research on improving the robustness of expansion methods has focused on either predicting whether a given expansion will be more effective for retrieval than the original query 2  , 7  , or on improving the performance robustness of specific expansion methods 10  , 13. Google has patents 15 using query logs to identify possible synonyms for query terms in the context of the query. The purpose of this research is to decide on a query-by-query basis if query expansion should be used. A specific search engine. Query expansion is a method for semantic disambiguation on query issuing phase. A query usually provides only a very restricted means to represent the user's intention. the time needed for its evaluation  , becomes larger. A critical aspect with query expansion is that  , as more terms are added into the query  , the query traffic  , i.e. Extract a set of query words from the question  , and apply semantic expansion to them. How can query expansion be appropriately performed for this task ? Smeaton et al. The procedure works as follows: We performed query expansion experiments on ad hoc retrieval. It actually provided correct answers for some short queries. Query expansion had an additional  , positive  , impact. Section 3 describes the document and query expansion model. Finally  , the user interacts with the results. for query expansion and results re-ranking. The USC of Suffixing to Produce Term Variants for Query Expansion Window 2 3. This paper has three primary contributions. Techniques for efficient query expansion. 2 Billerbeck  , B. and J. Zobel 2004. 28 use Wordnet for query expansion and report negative results. Voorhees et al. For the document expansion component  , we employ both LocCtxt document model and ExRes document model based on the observation that the two document models behave differently on different topic sets. All our official runs were evaluated by trec eval as they were baselines  , because we updated the final ranks but not the final topical-opinion scores. Furthermore  , the content-only score is obtained applying the query expansion technique we used a parameter free model of query expansion with 3 top ranked documents and 20 expansion terms. 4 Query expansion vs. none for Essie  , rather than completely avoiding query expansion that could be achieved by requiring exact string match  , we chose term expansion that allows term normalization to the base form in the Specialist Lexicon and might be viewed as an equivalent to stemming in Lucene. 3 Using the original topics vs. the topic frames. These diagnostic expansion queries are partial expansions simulated using the fully expanded queries created by real users. If the evaluation system selects two query terms sales and children for expansion  , with a maximum of one expansion term each  , the final query would be sales OR sell AND tobacco AND children OR child. Thus  , the expansion independence assumption of Section 4.1 is more likely to be violated by the ISJ queries than by the Legal ones. For example  , in order to discover the expansion term of a query term  , one may need to expand another query term first  , to bring up a result document that contains the expansion term. All such topics where a query term without expansion terms is selected are annotated with diamond shaped borders in the plot. By looking into these three topics  , we found that the manual queries for topics 76 and 86 do not have any expansion terms for the query terms selected by Pt | R  , while the idf selected terms do have effective expansion terms. Wrong expansion terms are avoided by designing a weighting term method in which the weight o f expansion terms not only depends on all query terms  , but also on similarity measures in all types of thesaurus. The underlying idea is that each t ype of thesaurus has dierent c haracteristics and therefore their combination can provide a valuable resource for query expansion. Expansion features express if the losing information from an untranslated term can be recovered by the semantics from the rest of terms with query expansion. In a simulated study carried out in 18  , the author compares the retrieval performance of interactive query expansion and automatic query expansion with a simulated study  , and suggests that the potential benefits of the former can be hard to achieve. However  , in some other cases there is no significant benefit3  , 14  , even if the user likes interacting with expansion terms. Query expansion has a significant overall effect and  , in addition to reasoning  , is an important factor affecting the accuracy of the retrieval. Multilingual Query Expansion: Medical care is a multicultural and multilingual environment. Also query expansion may use only terms from recent documents in relatively dynamic collections. not diverse. 1 indicates that VSM with query expansion is obviously the worst method. It remains unchanged. Given these assumptions  , computing relevance requires the following steps : Query Expansion. 25 proposed a heap-based method for query expansion. Theobald et al. investigation. $5.00 through query expansion by using a grammatically-based automatically constructed thesaurus. Two different approaches are compared. Our experiments are discussed in Section 4. The 2011 query expansion modules were also reused. We also experimented with using these selected terms for query expansion. Section 5 explains the experimental results for our run. Section 4 describes query expansion. Section 4 is the result discussion. Section 3 describes query expansion and retrieval. We further apply query expansion for multilingual representations . The procedure is as follows: In a real interactive situation users may be shown more terms than this. This is a standard method of assessing the performance of a query expansion technique based on relevance information  , 3 We only use the top 15 expansion terms for query expansion as this is a computationally intensive method of creating possible queries. The † and ‡ symbols indicate that the achieved improvement of SQEEX−RM over the expanded and unexpanded lists  , EX-RM-NP2 and EX-RM  , is statistically significant at p<0.01. Controlling to include only the first few expansion terms of a query term simulates and measures a user's expansion effort for that query term. A downside of this simulation is that we do not know exactly how much time and effort the user has spent on each expansion term. As 1 mentioned  , collection enrichment is a good strategy to improve the retrieval performances of difficult topics. no query expansion is applied  , " rmX.qeYn ,k.run " is the run ID of the retrieval result using query expansion method Y see Table 2  , with expansion parameters being n ,k. Last  , we want to point out the UDInfoMB is a strong baseline to beat as it involve both the query expansion and document expansion at the same time  , while the tie breaking method only utilize one of these two. For synonym identification  , we integrated a sense disambiguation module into WIDIT's synset identification module so that best synonym set can be selected according to the term context. Given a query  , a large number of candidate expansion terms words or phrases will be chosen to convey users' information needs. In this paper  , we propose a novel query expansion method based on social annotations which are used as the resource of expansion terms. Since the performance of these methods is directly determined by the effectiveness of the kernel function used to estimate the propagated query relatedness probabilities for the expansion concepts  , we first need to compare three different proximity-based kernel functions to see which one performs the best. If words are added to a query using relevant documents retrieved from a database of automatically transcribed audio   , then there is the danger that the query expansion may include recognition errors 14 . Query expansion addresses this problem by adding to the query extra terms with a similar meaning or some other statistical relation to the set of relevant documents. For the Prior Art task  , we use term frequency method  , tf/idf method to generate our query  , and also employ the retrieval model used in TS task to execute our experiments. For the Technology Survey task  , we use phrase expansion method and query expansion method to generate our query  , and use Query-likelihood model  , DFR model and D-smoothing method to do retrieve. This additional level of indirection results in a more diverse set of expansion terms  , although it may also result in noisy or spurious expansion features  , as well. Second  , rather than expanding using documents directly query → documents → expanded query  , we expand using the search results of related queries query → related queries → documents → expanded query. In particular  , we will be able to find out what queries have been used to retrieve what documents  , and from that  , to extract strong relationships between query terms and document terms and to use them in query expansion. This result was ANDed with a query expansion of a "gene and experiment" query synonyms of the word gene and experiment also appear in this query. The top 100 of these documents were then used for query expansion and then intersected with the documents of the test collection. Finally  , we observe that removing noise from the index slightly damages MAP. Information retrieval in biomedical and chemistry domains is challenging due to the presence of diverse denominations of concepts in the literature. From the query and retrieval point of view  , different query formulation strategies such as the manual query expansion and automatic query expansion also referred as semantic search have been systematically performed and evaluated. Pre-selected biomedical concepts appearing in the documents were tagged using a dictionary-based named entity recognition technique. In other words  , the original query can be regard as a point in the semantic space  , and the goal of query expansion is to select some additional terms  , which have the closest meaning to the point. The key problem of query expansion is to compute the similarities between terms and the original query. Our system combines both historical query logs and the library catalog to create a thesaurus-based query expansion that correlates query terms with document terms. Our study melds the two approaches by analyzing library corpora for use in query expansion in the digital library OPAC. Indeed  , there are many queries for which state-of-the-art PF expansion methods yield retrieval performance that is substantially inferior to that of using the original query with no expansion — the performance robustness problem 2  , 7. Hence  , the expanded query might exhibit query drift 9  , that is  , represent an information need different than that underlying the original query. So in the end  , we choose the first 10 words ranking in tf*idf retrieval lists besides original words of query itself as the query expansion. After several experiments for considering the amount of words as query expansion  , we find that 10 keywords are enough to support the query. We focus on the query generation and retrieval model selection. In our initial cross-language experiments we therefore tested different values for the parameter r. Note that r is set once for a given run and does not vary from query to query. This approach maintains the benefits of query expansion that were demonstrated through the original use of similarity thesauri for monolingual query expansion. This result is consistent with previous work 24  , and demonstrates the positive effect of query expansion  , even when multiple query concept types are used. Second  , the LCE method  , which uses both multiple explicit query concept types and latent expansion concepts  , outperforms the SD method  , which uses the query concepts alone. The query expansion is performed by integrating the keyword-based query context into DFR-based sequential dependence model where concepts are presented as keywords rather than CUIs. The conceptual-DFR run is based on re-ranking the results that are obtained from query expansion using keyword-based query context. We hope query expansion will provide some so-called topic words for a query and also increase the mutual disambiguation of common query words. Term expansion does considerably reduce the space required for an n-gram database used for query evaluation. It is expected n-gram based query expansion will improve with other query formulation techniques  , different query component weighting and other word match measures. Our query expansion technique adds to a given query terms which are highly similar  , in terms of statistical distribution  , to all of the terms in the query. In this work  , we pursue the same direction but using a query expansion technique different from those used by previous researchers. Therefore   , we restrict RuralCafe to user-driven query expansion by suggesting related popular terms for each query. Suppose the user is willing to invest some extra time for each query  , how much effort is needed to improve the initial query in expansion effort  , how many query terms need to be expanded  , and how many expansion terms per query term are needed ? We hope to answer the following questions. When is the best performance achieved ? Table 1shows the most important explicit query concepts i.e. , the query terms and bigrams and the most important latent concepts i.e. , the expansion terms learned by our model. As an illustrative example of the parameterized query expansion in action  , consider the verbose query " What is the current role of the civil air patrol and what training do participants receive ? " In contrast  , in this paper we propose a novel parameterized query expansion model that applies parameterized concept weighting to both the explicit and the latent query concepts. Therefore  , it is only applicable to the concepts that are explicitly present in the query  , and not to the latent concepts that are obtained through query expansion. The titles of the topics were used as queries for this run. The enhancement introduced to the query expansion approach also resulted in an improved P@30 compared to Baseline13 and the improvement was found statistically significant. Here we use a full-freezing approach by which we only re-rank the unseen documents – those not use to create the list of expansion terms. Our Web-based query expansion QE consists of the Wikipedia QE module  , which extracts terms from Wikipedia articles and Wikipedia Thesaurus  , and the Google QE module  , which extends the PIRC approach that harvests expansion terms from Google search results Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. Web-based expansion  , on the other hand  , searches much larger external data sources of the Web  , and has shown to be an effective query expansion strategy for difficult queries Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. Based on these simplifications  , we measure the performance change due to the expansion term e by the ratio: In order to make the test simpler  , we make the following simplifications: 1 Each expansion term is assumed to act on the query independently from other expansion terms; 2 Each expansion term is added into the query with equal weight λit is set at 0.01 or -0.01. Thus  , recent research on improving the robustness of expansion methods has focused on either predicting whether a given expansion will be more effective for retrieval than the original query 2  , 7  , or on improving the performance robustness of specific expansion methods 10  , 13. Furthermore  , for some queries  , retrieval based on the original query results in performance superior to that resulting from the use of an expansion model. For each query expansion method  , we experimented with various setting of expansion parameters  , primarily including n and k  , where n is the number of top retrieved documents and k is the number of expansion terms. For each retrieval method rmX X denotes the id of the retrieval method  , see Table 1  , we used the three query expansion methods Table 2 with appropriate parameter settings to obtain multiple retrieval resultsd. Finally  , we will present details on how we train our relation language model for query expansion. We then describe in detail the two query expansion methods  , namely: a dependency relation based term expansion DRQET  , which is to be employed in a density based passage retrieval system 6 ,9  , and b dependency relation based path expansion DRQER  , which is to be employed in a relation based passage retrieval system 8. As shown in Table 1  , we have considered several means by which a FIR system could make use of query expansion: choosing expansion terms based on each collection separately local expansion and sending individual expanded queries to each collection focused querying using sampled documents. Although query expansion techniques have been wellstudied in the case of centralized IR  , they have been largely ignored in federated IR research. The run QCRI4 was obtained by retrieving the tweets using the combination of two sets of expansion terms which resulted from the corresponding query expansion schemes  , while the other three runs were conducted using the expanded queries which resulted from PRF only and did not use any external information. Two query expansion schemes were adopted in our system  , one utilizing the standard PRF technique and the other mining query expansion terms from Google search results based on the same set of Microblog search queries and timebounded by the query timestamp. Thesaurus expansion was found to improve recall significantly at some lesser cost in precision. An empirical study by Kristensen 26 compared single-step automatic query expansion of synonym  , narrower-term  , related term  , combined union expansion and no expansion of thesaurus relationships. Ruthven 3 compared the relative effectiveness of interactive query expansion and automatic query expansion and found that users were less likely than systems to select effective terms for query expansion. Approaches include having the system suggest a list of terms  , and automatically adding them to users' queries automatic RF  , allowing users to pick which terms to add interactive RF  , and eliciting new terms from users. The amount of query expansion for the SK case was thus chosen to be less than that used for the SU case because of the interaction between the query and document expansion devices. The values of t S c U u i F v w c y x W x were chosen for the UBRF stage for the SK run to give good performance across both development query sets when used in conjunction with document expansion. This research has shown that thesaurus-based query expansion often induces an increase in recall  , usually accompanied by a significant loss in precision. Besides  , two issues have been studied: finding key information in topics  , and dynamic result selection. A key idea of our term ranking approach is that one can generalize the knowledge of expansion terms from the past candidate ones to predict effective expansion terms for the novel queries. Suppose that query qi has k expansion terms  , the relevance label of expansion term ej 1 ≤ j ≤ k is defined as follows: The subjects varied in their ability to identify good expansion terms  , being able to identify 32% -73% of the good expansion terms. Unlike in 2011  , the run without stopwords cmuPrfPhrENo did slightly better on average than the equivalent run including stopwords cmuPrfPhrE in the 2012 query set. Second  , the query expansion for tie-breaking is worse than other method probably caused by the limitation of tie-breaking method  , which assumes that every query term is important and may not perform well for long queries. For example  , when the term " disaster " in the query " transportation tunnel disaster " is expanded into " fire "   , " earthquake "   , " flood "   , etc. , we do not count occurrences of several of these terms as additional evidence of relevance. Our key techniques for making query expansion efficient  , scalable  , and self-tuning are to avoid aggregating scores for multiple expansion terms of the same original query term and to avoid scanning the index lists for all expansion terms. Unlike many common retrieval models that use unsupervised concept weighting based on a single global statistic  , parameterized query expansion leverages a number of publicly available sources such as Wikipedia and a large collection of web n-grams  , to achieve a more accurate concept importance weighting. Our main research focus this year was on the use of phrases or multi-word units in query expansion. Two main research questions were studied in these experiments: -Whether nominal MWUs which exhibit strong degree of stability in the corpus are better candidates for interactive query expansion than nominal MWUs selected by the frequency parameters of the individual terms they contain; -Whether nominal MWUs are better candidates for interactive query expansion than single terms. Selected MWUs were then suggested to the user for interactive query expansion. All expansion has been performed via the Query Expansion Tool interface QET which allows the user to view only the summaries of top retrieved documents  , and select or deselect them for topic expansion. The key characteristics of this run is the 10 minute time limit imposed on topic expansion. By default  , summaries of all top 30 documents were used for expansion unless the user manually deselected some this was precisely the only form of manual intervention allowed. For a fair comparison with manual CNF expansion  , our first bag of word expansion baseline also uses the set of manual expansion terms selected by predicted Pt | R. Some results of bag of word retrieval at low selection levels  , i.e. For example  , with full expansion of all query terms  , CNF expansion Table 3 gets a MAP of 0.2938  , 23% better than 0.2384 of the bag of word expansion with the same expansion terms  , significant at p < 0.0025 by the randomization test and weakly significant at p < 0.0676 by the sign test. An interesting study by Billerbeck and Zobel 5  demonstrates that document-side expansion is inferior to query-side expansion when the documents are long. The ad-side expansion can be viewed as document-side expansion  , which has been examined extensively in the general IR community. This result indicates that the level of improvement in SDR due to query expansion can be significant  , but is heavily dependent on the selected expansion terms. It should be noted that the +10% improvement arising from use of the TR derived expansion terms is in addition to the +30% relative to the baseline when using the SDR derived expansion terms. The four methods examined are no use of expansion  , pre-translation expansion only  , post-translation only  , and the use of both pre-and post-translation expansion. Our goal is to compare four methods of query expansion or augmentation under a spectrum of conditions corresponding to differing quality translation resources. Using all terms for query expansion was significantly better than using only the terms immediately surrounding the user's query Document/Query Representation  , All Words vs. Near Query. However  , emphasizing the query during reranking does not appear to be necessary. Another method called query expansion expands the query terms with similar keywords for refining search results and guessing the user's query intents 2  , 11  , 27  , 28. The mined query pairs were then used as query suggestions for each other. Query segmentation divides a query into semantically meaningful sub-units 17  , 18. Query expansion expands the query with additional terms to enrich the query for- mulation 14  , 15  , 16. First  , unlike most other query expansion techniques  , we use key phrases as the basic unit for our query term. Our paper makes the following contributions. Indri structure query language model 3 is used in our two interactive runs DUTgen1 and DUTgen2. We used MeSH Medical Subject Headings for query expansion. We tested the effectiveness of a new weighted Query Expansion approach. The task is to retrieve relevant tweet documents for each provided query. Query expansion technology is used to modify the initial query. We try to improve system performance by integrating different ranking methods. Figure 1a illustrates query translation without expansion. The simple MT-based query translation and the PRF methods are illustrated in Figure 1. The first was query expansion – where additional terms were added to the query itself. Generally   , two different approaches were considered  , as shown in Figure 3. Then  , we use the TSTM to expand queries. Thus  , query expansion technique to expand the base query was not very helpful. Some of these topics were very short and contained very few technical  , specific medical nouns. However  , this improvement of recall comes at the expense of reducing the precision. The second query also uses a different set of expansion keywords usually fewer. This query can then be relaxed by breaking it down into tokens. This work uses fully automatic query expansion. Qiu and Frei 17  measure recallprecision and usefulness of query expansions based on a similarity thesaurus constructed from the corpus. Table 3lists the percentages for query types for CSIs. Finally  , a machine-learning-based query expansion is applied to testing its effectiveness for searches with CSIs. This approach outperforms many other query expansion techniques. utilized user logs to extract correlations between query terms and document terms 6. B+R means ranking document with AND condition of every non-stopword in a query. All runs did not use phrases  , and query expansion. Each correct conflation is a possibility for retrieving documents with textual occurrences different from the query. They can also be used for query expansion. As introduced in Section 5.3.3  , our system implements a user recommendation functionality through a query expansion mechanism. Let Q be a query submitted by the user Many automatic query expansion techniques have been proposed. However  , short queries and inconsistency between user query terms and document terms strongly affect the performance of existing search engines. In this article  , we presented a novel method for automatic query expansion based on query logs. We believe this is a very promising research direction. As shown in section 4  , there are many different similarity measures available. The query relaxation engine should automatically determine similar entities and use them for query expansion. We only utilize query expansion from internal dataset and proximity search. tweet data after query tweet time cutoff and external resource. FASILKOM03 This run uses phrase query identification  , query expansion from internal dataset  , customized scoring function without RT value added  , proximity search  , keywords weighting  , and language detection. Section 4 illustrates our semantic matching model based on conceptual query and document indexing using UMLS. Section 3 details our semantic query expansion technique using disease synonym dictionary. Both systems first expand the query terms of each interest profile. 1b  systems share three major components: Query Expansion   , Tweet Scoring  , and Redundancy Checking. It incorporates user context to make an expanded query more relevant. The selected terms contained no original query term. We used retweets for each query expansion method because retweets are a good source for improving twitter search performance 2. The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. Likewise to the previous studies 4  , 2  , 35  , we use the predictive perplexity 15 to evaluate the topic modeling accuracy. To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . This part of experiment is indicated as Supervised Modeling Section 3.3. Third  , ensembles of models arise naturally in hierarchical modeling. The alternative is to mine all data in-place and thus build k predictive models base-models locally. This modeling approach has the advantage of improving our understanding of the mechanisms driving diffusion  , and of testing the predictive power of information diffusion models. 2015. In addition to early detection of different diseases  , predictive modeling can also help to individualize patient care  , by differentiating individuals who can be helped from a specific intervention from those that will be adversely affected by the same inter- vention 7  , 8. One important application of predictive modeling is to correctly identify the characteristics of different health issues by understanding the patient data found in EHR 6. However  , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists  , such as Participants P7 and P12. Several interviewees reported that " operationalization " of their predictive models—building new software features based on the predictive models is extremely important for demonstrating the value of their work. Unlike traditional predictive display where typically 3D world coordinate CAD modeling is done  , we do not assume any a-priori information. In the predictive display application we do not sample different objects or faces  , but closely spaced images from the same objects and scene under varying poses. Calculating the average per-word held-out likelihood   , predictive perplexity measures how the model fits with new documents; lower predictive perplexity means better fit. Various methods were proposed to solve this problem – we used perplexity   , which is widely used in the language-modeling community   , as well as the original work to predict the best number of topics. When we are capable of building and testing a highly predictive model of user effectiveness we will be able to do cross system comparisons via a control  , but our current knowledge of user modeling is inadequate. In order to get comparable classes of users  , we need to know what measurable traits of users are highly predictive of searching effectiveness. Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. Thus although we anticipate that our qualitative results will prove robust to our specific modeling assumptions  , the relationship between model complexity and best-case predictive performance remains an interesting open question. However  , we will keep the nested logit terminology since it is more prevalent in the discrete choice literature. This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. Latent variable modeling is a promising technique for many analytics and predictive inference applications. Sequential prediction methods use the output of classifiers trained with previous  , overlapping subsequences of items  , assuming some predictive value from adjacent cases  , as in language modeling. These methods all train their subclassifiers on the same input training set. Fig.4 shows an example of predictive geometrical information display when an endmill is operated manually by an operator using joysticks which are described later. The z-map modeling method shown in Fig.3was introduced in the system. This approach is similar in nature t o model-predictive-control MPC. Periodic recomputation of the optimal leader and follower trajectories was employed to compensate for robot modeling inaccuracies. In addition  , they offer more flexibility for modeling practical scenarios where the data is very sparse. These methods have become prominent in recent years because they combine scalability with high predictive accuracy. Smoothed unigram language modeling has been developed to capture the predictive ability of individual words based on their frequency at each reading difficulty level 7. In recent years  , more sophisticated features and models are used. Modeling and feature selection is integrated into the search over the space of database queries generating feature candidates involving complex interactions among objects in a given database. It allows learning accurate predictive models from large relational databases. The formal definition of perplexity for a corpus D with D documents is: To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . Our predictive models are based on raw geographic distance How many meters is the ATM from me ? Motivated by this intuition   , this study focuses on modeling user-entity distance and inter-category differences in location preference. We evaluated each source and combinations of sources based on their predictive value. Implementing these context variants allowed us to systematically evaluate the effectiveness of different sources of context for user interest modeling. Specifically  , the predictive models can help in three different ways. When EHRs contain consistent data about patients and nurses modeling  , can be designed and used for devising efficient nursing patient care. The approach taken in this paper suggests a framework for understanding user behavior in terms of demographic features determined through unsupervised modeling. These data could be easily incorporated to improve the predictive power  , as shown in Figure 13. In terms of portability  , vertical balancing may be improved by modeling the similarity in terms of predictive evidence between source verticals. This work could be extended in several directions. As FData and RData have different feature patterns  , the combination of both result in better performance. Content features are not predictive perhaps due to 1 citation bias  , 2 paper quality is covered by authors/venues  , or 3 insufficient content modeling. These rules were then used to predict the values of the Salary attribute in the test data. Using each of our approach  , C4.5  , CBA  , and FID  , predictive modeling rules were mined from the dataset for data mining. Another objective of this research is to discover whether reducing the imbalance in the training data would improve the predictive performance for the 8 modeling methods we have evaluated. For each of the tree methods  , small improvement can be seen For each interface modeled we created a storyboard that contained the frames  , widgets  , and transitions required to do all the tasks  , and then demonstrated the tasks on the storyboard. But without the predictive human performance modeling provided by CogTool  , productivity of skilled users would not be able to play any role at all in the quantitative measures required. In addition  , MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 11  , item taxonomy 9 and attributes 1  , social relations 8  , and 3-way interactions 21. These methods have become very popular in recent years by combining good scalability with predictive accuracy. 4 Technically  , this model is called the hierarchical logit 32 and is slightly more general than the nested logit model derived from utility maximization. Having cost models for all three types of releases  , along with an understanding of the outiler subset of high productivity releases  , would complete the cost modeling area of our study. As more releases are completed  , predictive models for the other categories of releases can be developed. In particular  , low-rank MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 15  , item taxonomy 6  , and attributes 1. One of the most successful realizations of LFM  , which combines good scalability with predictive accuracy  , is based on low-rank MF e.g. , see 16 . These findings have profound implications for user modeling and personalization applications  , encouraging focus on approaches that can leverage users' browsing behavior as a source of information. In particular  , users' querying behavior their " talk "  is a more limited source of predictive signal than their browsing behavior their " walk " . Perplexity  , which is widely used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood lower numbers are better. To measure the ability of a model to act as a generative model  , we computed test-set perplexity under estimated parameters and compared the resulting values. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from data TransC i  for all the individual customer models and compare its performance with the performance of function 1 estimated from the transactional data for the whole customer base. In this section  , we compare individual vs. aggregate levels of customer modeling. Given the variety of models  , there was a pressing need for an objective comparison of their performance. At IBM  , a variety of approaches have been considered for estimating the wallet of customers for information technology IT products  , including heuristic approaches and predictive modeling. Preliminary results showed that our topic-based defect prediction has better predictive power than state-of-the-art approaches. We use topic modeling to recover the concerns/aspects in each software artifact  , and use them as input for machine learningbased defect prediction models. A lower score implies that word wji is less surprising to the model and are better. Perplexity is a standard measure used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood . Examining users' geographic foci of attention for different queries is potentially a rich source of data for user modeling and predictive analytics. Figure 10shows the trajectory of mouse movements made by a sample user who is geographicallyrefining a query for ski. An important advantage of the statistical modeling approach is the ability to analyze the predictive value of features that are being considered for inclusion in the ranking scheme. In each case the coefficient is equivalent to the log-odds logp/1-p of correctness conditioned on the overlap feature assuming a given value. A challenge of this approach is the tradeoff between the number of cohorts and the predictive power of cohorts on individuals. The results in the previous section show that our cohort modeling techniques using pre-defined features can more accurately estimate users' individual click preferences as represented via an increased number of SAT clicks than our competitive baseline method. Here the appearance function g has to be based only on the image sequences returned from the tele-manipulation system. Manually built models consist mainly of text patterns  , carefully created  , tested and maintained by domain and linguistic experts. Data Modeling: A predictive model  , capable of extracting facts from the decomposed and tagged input media  , needs to be constructed  , either manually or through automatic induction methods. These approaches frequently use probabilistic graphical models PGMs for their support for modeling complex relationships under uncertainty. Learning-based approaches have commonly been used to build predictive models of human behavior and to control behaviors of embodied conversational agents e.g. , 19  , 26  , 33. To evaluate the ability of generative models  , we numerically compared the models by computing test-set perplexity PPX. From the predictive modeling perspective  , homophily or its opposite  , heterophily can be used to build more accurate models of user behavior and social interactions based on multi-modal data. When user attributes relevant to forming social links are not directly observable   , this phenomenon is called latent homophily. Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. We study how such a user preference signal affects the clickrate of a business and design effective strategies to generate personalization features. l We found a high difference in effectiveness in the use of our systems between two groups of users. Since the core task for any user modeling system is predicting future behavior  , we evaluate the informativeness of different sources of behavioral signal based on their predictive value. On average   , each query-based user profile contains 21.2 keywords  , while each browsing-based profile contains 137.4 keywords based on 15 days of behavioral data. Considering the complexity and heterogeneity of our data and the problem  , it is important to use the most suitable and powerful prediction model that are available. It should be noted that the key contribution of this work is more about extracting the important features and understanding the domain by providing novel insights  , but not necessarily about building a new predictive modeling algo- rithm. Both risks may dramatically affect the classifier performance and can lead to poor prediction accuracy or even in wrong predictive models. Second  , poor or no data preparation is likely to lead to an incomplete and inaccurate data representation space  , which is spanned by variables and realizations used in the modeling step. For building accurate models  , ignoring instances with missing values leads to inferior model performance 7  , while acquiring complete information for all instances often is prohibitively expensive or unnecessary. Many predictive modeling tasks include missing data that can be acquired at a cost  , such as customers' buying preferences and lifestyle information that can be obtained through an intermediary. We also demonstrate the further improvement of UCM over URM  , due to UCM's more appropriate modeling of the retweet structure. Experimental results show that both URM and UCM significantly outperform all the baselines in terms of the quality of distilled topics  , model precision  , and predictive power. Compounding the lack of clarity in the claims themselves is an absence of a consistent and rigorous evaluation framework . On the other hand  , it is also misleading to imply that even if extreme events such as financial crises and societal revolutions cannot be predicted with any useful accuracy 54  , predictive modeling is counterproductive in general. In doing this  , we hope to exploit the strength of machine learning to quantify the improvement of the proposed features. Sheridan differentiates between two types: those which use a time series extrapolation for prediction  , and those which do system modeling also including the multidimensional control input2. Three main design considerations in a predictive display are: How to model the tele-operation system for the prediction. Table 2shows the results of the perplexity comparison. There has been a great deal of research on inductive transfer under many names  , e.g. The goal is to build models that can be used to generate behaviors that are interactive in the sense of being coordinated with a human partner. We will now describe a method for modeling the low-level signal exchange in interaction using simple predictive models . Clearly more sophisticated models of this sort may be more realistic than the one we have studied  , and may also yield somewhat different quantitative bounds to prediction. Such an approach can generate a more comprehensive understanding of users and their pref- erences 57  , 48  , 46. Finally  , modeling relational data as it persists or changes across time is an important challenge. The next step in our experimental plan is to use schemas such as our detailed ones for blog sevice users and bioinformatics information and computational grid users Hs05 to learn a richer predictive model. One key advantage of SJASM is that it can discover the underlying sentimental aspects which are predictive of the review helpfulness voting. We propose a novel supervised joint aspect and sentiment model SJASM  , which is a probabilistic topic modeling framework that jointly detects aspects and sentiments from reviews under the supervision of the helpfulness voting data. Mark has been a co-organizer of two TREC tracks  , a co-organizer of the SIGIR 2013 workshop on modeling user behavior for information retrieval evaluation MUBE and the SIGIR 2010 workshop on the simulation of interaction. Mark's recent work has focused on making information retrieval evaluation more predictive of actual human search performance. Author expertise and venue impact are the distinguishing factors for the consideration of bibliography  , among which  , Author Rank  , Maximum Past Influence of Authors make paper influential . Discovering the hidden knowledge within EHR data for improving patient care offers an important approach to reduce these costs by recognizing at-risk patients who may be aided from targeted interventions and disease prevention treatments 5. In this paper  , predictive modeling and analyses have been conducted at two different levels of granularity. For nurse experience  , a nurse with at least two years of experience in her current position was considered to be an experienced nurse  , and the nurses with less than two years' experience to be inexperienced. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from the transactional data TransC i  for the segmentation level models  , and compare its performance with the performance results obtained in Section 4. In this section  , we compare individual vs. segmentation and aggregate vs. segmentation levels of customer modeling. It is therefore clearly misleading to cite performance on " easy " cases as evidence that more challenging outcomes are equally predictable; yet precisely such conflation is prac- 1 ticed routinely by advocates of various methods  , albeit often implicitly through the use of rhetorical flourishes and other imprecise language. A statistical approach is proposed to infer the distribution of a word's likely acquisition age automatically from authentic texts collected from the Web  , and then an effective semantic component for predicting reading difficulty of news texts is provided by combining the acquisition age distributions for all words in a document 14. Pain is a very common problem experienced by patients  , especially at the end of life EOL when comfort is paramount to high quality healthcare. Moreover  , these bounds on predictive performance are also extremely sensitive to the deviations from perfect knowledge we are likely to encounter when modeling real-world systems: even a relatively small amount of error in estimating a product's quality leads to a rapid decrease in one's ability to predict its success. This bound is relatively generous for worlds in which all products are the same  , but it becomes increasingly restrictive as we consider more diverse worlds with products of varying quality. Such normalization does not always make sense for binary and integer features  , and it also removes the nonnegativity of our feature representation that offers intuitive interpretation of them. Item seed sets were constructed according to various criteria such as popularity items should be known to the users  , contention items should be indicative of users' tendencies  , and coverage items should possess predictive power on other items. Modeling the preferences of new users can be done most effectively by asking them to rate several carefully selected items of a seed set during a short interview 13  , 21  , 22  , 8 . However  , our goal here is different as we do not just want to make our predictions based on some large number of features but are instead interested in modeling how the temporal dynamics of bidding behavior predicts the loan outcome funded vs. not funded and paid vs. not paid. Their goal is to provide a ranking of the relative importance of various fundability determinants  , rather than providing a predictive model. The most relevant related work is on modeling predictive factors on social media for various other issues such as tie formation Golder and Yardi 2010   , tie break-up Kivran- Swaine  , Govindan  , and Naaman 2011  , tie strength Gilbert and Karahalios 2009 and retweeting Suh et al. Despite the rich literature on Twitter and its role in covering real-world events  , to date  , we are aware of little research that directly addresses the issue studied in this paper. In other words  , we aggregate the past behavior in the two modalities considered search queries and browsing behavior over a given time period  , and evaluate the predictiveness of the resulting aggregated user profile with respect to behavior occurring in a  sequent period. Path finding and sub-paths in breadth-first search 3. Neither pattern is a true depth-first or breadthfirst search pattern. The greedy pattern represents the depth-first behavior  , and the breadth-like pattern aims to capture the breadth-first search behaviors. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. The depth-first search instead of the breadth-first search is used because many previous studies strongly suggest that a depth-first search with appropriate pseudo-projection techniques often achieves a better performance than a breadth-first search when mining large databases. Here we use breadth-first search. Once the search space is structured  , a search strategy should be chosen. 6  holds the objects during the breadth-first search. 4first out queue called Q in Fig. In practice  , forward selection procedures can be seen as a breadth-first search. 10 . In the mathematical literature  , breadth first search Is typically preferred. Normally the user cares "~. , ,:"~ ,~ton ~v'" ""-. and search the other subranges breadth-first. For our implementation we select for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. Thus solving the graph search problem in Given the user behavior observed by Klöckner et al. , we used two browsing patterns to evaluate find-similar.   , vn−1}  , where the indices are consistent with a breadth-first numbering produced by a breadth-first search starting at node v0 1 see Section 3.4.1 for a formal definition. By a depth-first search of the set enumeration tree of transitive reductions of partial orders  , Frecpo will not miss any frequent partial order. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. , by breadth-first  , best-first or depth-first search. If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. We first conduct a breadth-first or depth-first search on the graph. We will deal with these cycles in the next step. However  , best-first search also has some problems. Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. We compute the discrete plan as a tree using the breadth first search. robot and obstacles 12. Tabels 1 and 2 show that the breadth first search is exhaustive it finds solutions with one step fewer re- grasps. the search procedure is breadth first search which examines all the nodes on one level of the tree before any nodes of the next level ignoring the goal distance Ac. This will not always be feasible in larger domains  , and intelligent search heuristics will be needed. This amounts to a breadth first search of the frequent itemsets on a lattice. Apriori first finds all frequent itemsets of size § before finding frequent itemsets of size § ¦ . CLOSET 11 and CLOSET+ 16 adopt a depth-first  , feature enumeration strategy. A-close 10 uses a breadth-first search to find FCPs. We restrict the training pages to the first k pages when traversing the website using breadth first search. Thus  , we should use these pages for training as well. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. In practice  , it is closer to a depth-first search with some backtracking than to a breadth-first search. This simple method worked out well in our experiments. ; the maximal number of states between the initial state and another state when traversing the TS in breadth-first search BFS height; the number of transitions starting from a state and ending in another state with a lower level when traversing the TS in breadth-first search Back lvl tr. deg. The resulting path will have the minimum nilinher of turns i n it by definition of breadth-first search. Compute D and perform a breadth-first search of D as indicated above starting with To as the set of visited vertices and ending when some vertex in the goal set 7~ ha5 been reached. During our previous experiments 13  , a bidirectional breadth first search proved to be the most efficient method in practice for finding all simple paths up to certain hop limit. The breadth-first search weighted by its distance from the reference keyframe is performed  , and the visited keyframes are registered in the temporary global coordinate system. To optimize the poses and landmarks  , we create a metric environment map by embedding metric information to nodes by breadth-first search over graph. The objects in UpdSeedD ,l are not directly density-reachable from each other. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l Johnson generalized it to other surface representations  , including NURBS  , by using a breadth-first search 9. Quinlan introduced this approach using a depth-first search of the bounding hierarchy  141. Since coverage tends to increase with sequence length  , the DFS strategy likely finds a higher coverage sequence faster than the breadth-first search BFS. We choose to traverse the tree using depth-first search DFS. This is done by recursively firing co-author search tactics. is done by performing a breadth-first search that considers all successor vertices of a given vertex first before expanding further. Then  , we navigate in a breadth-first search manner through this classification. Note that this approach enables to consider ontologies more expressive than RDFS  , e.g. , OWL2DL. Two cases have to be distinguished. Starting from the two entities e 1 and e 2 the intersection tree is built using breadth-first search. b Matched loop segments will be included in LBA as breadth-first search will active the keyframes. The fixed keyframes are selected based on a common landmark. Then we do breadth first search from the virtual node. To be more specific  , we add a virtual node which connects to all known nodes. The CWB searches for subject keywords through a breadth-first search of the tree structure. Subject keywords are nouns and proper nouns from a title or subtitle. It downloads multiple pages typically 500 in parallel. Its default download strategy is to perform a breadth-first search of the web  , with the following three modifications: 1. This is done by querying DBpedia's SPARQL endpoint for concepts that have a relation with the given concept. we perform a breadth first search. Therefore Lye have the following result. We generate plans that minimize worst-case length by breadth-first AND/OR search Akella  11. However there is no finite bound on the length of the plan. For each node visited do the following. Traverse the measure graph starting at m visiting all finer measures using breadth-first search. We augmented this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method. We call this the root dataset. For parts with different push functions  , a breadth-first search planner can be used to find a sensorless plan when one exists. We cannot recognize the parts hlowever. In a breadth-first search approach the arrangement enumeration tree is explored in a top-bottom manner  , i.e. This information  , however  , is not available in DFS. Each of the initial seed SteamIDs was pushed onto an Amazon Simple Queue Service SQS queue. The crawling was executed via a distributed breadth first search. Stopping criterion. We augment this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method to identify the expanded dataset. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. Moreover  , breadth first search will find a shortest path  , whereas depth first makes no guarantees about the length of the counter example it will find. However  , if all violations go through a small set of nodes that are not encountered on the early selected paths or these nodes get stuck on the bottom of the worklist  , then it may be worse than breadth first search. In Section 3.6.1  , we show that breadthfirst search appears to be more efficient than depth-first search. We have chosen to search the LUB-tree hierarchy in a breadth-first manner  , as opposed to a depth-first search as in Quinlan 24 . If a crawl is started from a single seed  , then the order in which pages will be crawled tends to be similar to a breadth first search through the link graph 27 the crawl seldom follows pure breadth first order due to crawler requirements to obey politeness and robots restrictions . Discovery date. Although breadth-first search crawling seems to be a very natural crawling strategy  , not all of the crawlers we are familiar with employ it. Our results have practical implications to search engine companies. The experiments reported used a breadth first search till maximum depth 3 using the words falling in the synsets category. This affects the time spent in search for related candidates of a word not present in training data. We believe that crawling in breadthfirst search order provides the better tradeoff. On the other hand  , crawling in breadth-first search order provides a fairly good bias towards high quality pages without the computational cost. When looking at search result behaviour more broadly we see that what browsing does occur occurs within the first page of results. This reduced breadth of access is further evidence for the goaldriven behaviour seen in search. If all words in a title or subtitle are search keywords  , too many subject keywords will be generated. We have introduced a set of effective pruning properties and a breadth-first search strategy  , StatApriori  , which implements them. In this paper  , we have shown that its is possible to search all statistically significant rules in a reasonable time. In the first iteration  , only the reported invocations are considered  , starting with the most suspicious one working down to the least. We assume that a breadth-first search is performed over these top ranked invocations. These strategies typically optimize properties such as " deeper paths " in depth-first search  , " less-traveled paths " 35  , " number of new instructions covered " in breadth-first search  , or " paths specified by the programmer " 39. Existing DSE tools alleviate path explosion using search strategies and heuristics that guide the search toward interesting paths while pruning the search space. This Figure 4: Use of case inheritance search travels upwards in the hierarchy  , i.e. , towards the roots. When determining the cases allowed for a given frame  , a breadth-first search of the case frame hierarchy collects the relevant cases. DFS may take very long to execute if it does not traverse the search space in the right direction. Depth Firat Search DFS and Breadth First Scorch BFS are examples of this class. This list is used by the predictor to perform a breadth first search of the possible concepts representing the input text. That partial structure is added as the first entry to the queue of partial structures. We perform the pose graph optimization first  , to make all poses metric consistent. It is in fact a similar hybrid reasoning engine which is a combination of forward reasoning breadth-first and backward reasoning depth-first search. This continues until there are no more transitions to be fired. During prediction  , we explore multiple paths  , depending on the prediction of the MetaLabeler  , using either depth-first or breadth-first search. A content-based MetaLabeler was built at each node in the taxonomy. A second dimension entails elaborating on line 3. Surprisingly  , they did not find any significant variation in the way users examine search results on large and small displays. Similarly to 23 they adopted taxonomy of three examination strategies: Depth-First  , Mixed  , Breadth-First. Because the expansion is breadth first  , the optimal trajectory will he the first one encountered that meets the desired uncertainty. For the fixed-uncertainty minimum-time optimization the search tree is expanded until the desired uncertainty is reached. Since large main memory size is available in Gigabytes  , current MFI mining uses depth first search to improve performance to find long patterns. But MaxMiner uses a breadth-first approach to limit the number of passes over the database. Although breadth-first search does not differentiate Web pages of different quality or different topics  , some researchers argued that breadth-first search also could be used to build domain-specific collections as long as only pages at most a fixed number of links away from the starting URLs or starting domains are collected e.g. , 18  , 21. All URLs in the current level will be visited in the order they are discovered before URLs in the next level are visited. This method assumes that pages near the starting URLs have a high chance of being relevant. Since the path down the tree is controlled by the nodes that are popped from the heap  , the search is neither a true depth.first nor a true breadth·first search of the hierarchy. They conducted two experiments to determine whether users engaged in a more exhaustive " breadth-first " search meaning that users will look over a number of the results before clicking any  , or a " depth-first " search. One other study used eye-tracking in online search to assess the manner in which users evaluate search results 18. For instance  , SAGE 28  uses a generational-search strategy in combination with simple heuristics  , such as flip count limits and constraint subsumption. Sine~ each node consists of only 24 bytes and the top-down search is closer to a depth-first search than a breadth-first search  , the amount of space required by the hierarchy n·odes is not excessive. The hierarchy nodes may be accessed more than once  , so they must be stored in separate locations. In our experience of applying Pex on real-world code bases  , we identify that Pex cannot explore the entire program due to exponential path-exploration space. Which branching points are flipped next depends on the chosen search strategy  , such as depth-first search DFS or breadth-first search BFS. In particular  , Pex flips some branching points from previous runs to generate test inputs for covering new paths. It is written in Java and is highly configurable. That is  , starting from the root pages of the selected sites we followed links in a breadth-first search  , up to 3 ,000 pages per site. In our experiment  , we crawled 3 ,000 pages at each site. After both connections are made  , we find a path in the roadmap between the two connection points using breadth-first search. If we still can't connect both nodes to the same connected component of the roadmap  , then we declare failure. In this case  , only one DFA in conjunction with a standard breadth first search is used to grow a single frontier of entities. A similar solution is used for single source path patterns. We will denote this approximate Katz measure as aKatz throughout the rest of the paper. We execute breadth-first-search from s up to k levels without visiting t  , while keeping track of all paths formed so far. Any objects that are reached during the traversal are considered live and added to the tempLive set. We construct a work list starting at persist.root so we can perform a breadth-first search of the object graph. To propagate the constraints on join variable bindings Property 2  , we walk over this tree from root to the leaves and backwards in breadth-first-search manner. Next  , we embed a tree on Gjvar discarding any cyclic edges. This module contains multiple threads that work in parallel to download Web documents in a breadth-first search order. The Spider module is responsible for collecting documents from the Web. We observed that the similarity scores for the neighbours often is either very close to one  , or slightly above zero. The corresponding histogram is shown in Fig. In order to sample the distribution of distances between nodes  , breadth first search trees were formed from a fraction of the nodes. By following the path with the minimum cost  , the robot is guided to the nearest accessible unknown region. The breadth-first search is begun simultaneously at all these locations. See Figure 11for an example plan. Sensorless plans  , which must bring all possible initial orientations to the same goal orientation  , are generated using breadth-first search in the space of representative actions. Since the MFI cardinality is not too large MafiaPP has almost the time as Mafia for high supports. The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. The former hierarchy is used to inherit cases  , the latter to compose synonym sets. The backward search can be illustrated in Figure 4by traversing the graphs in reverse in a breadth-first manner. For example  , assume that we want to check whether machine A can be in on in a stable state. This " 3 ,000 page window " was decided for practical reasons. The crawl was breadth-first and stopped after one million html pages had been fetched. The crawl occurred in January  , 2002 and was made to mimic the way a real search service of the .gov pages might make a crawl. The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. Our solution combines a data structure based on a partial lattice  , and memoization of intermediate solutions. The number of traversals is bounded by the total number of elements in the model and view at hand. Checking for missing connections is done by a breadth-first search of the connectors in the model. We used JPF's breadth-first search strategy  , as done for all systematic techniques in 28. We specified sequence length 10 this was greater than the length required to find all the Java errors from Figure 7. Recall that we must regenerate the paths between adjacent roadmap nodes since they are not stored with the roadmap. This task is efficiently performed by an optimized implementation of the Breadth-first search BFS strategy through MapReduce 3. In particular  , we index all the shortest paths starting from a source and ending with a sink. At running time we use the index to retrieve the paths whose sink node matches a keyword. An estimate of L was formed by averaging the paths in breadth first search trees over approximately 60 ,000 root nodes. From the 259 ,794 sites in the data set  , the leaf nodes were removed  , leaving 153 ,127 sites. This allowed us to perform bidirectional breadth first search to answer the connectivity question. For each URL present in the dataset  , the crawler saved the link structure following links both forward and backward for two hops. Even this crawl was very time consuming  , especially when the crawler came across highly linked pages with thousands of in-and out-links e.g. Link types extracted include straight HREF constructs  , area and image maps  , and Javascript constants. Links are explored from the starting page in breadth-first search using order of discovery for links at the same depth. Each term is mapped to a synset in WordNet and a breadth-first search along WordNet relations identifies related synsets. Word- Net is also used to expand terms with semantically similar concepts  , following an approach similar to 9. Interestingly  , we can perform sensorless orienting with shape uncertainty. We determine these paths by breadth-first search throughG. Given the initial and desired final configurations of the system  , the high level problem is how to get from the initial to the final equivalence region. Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . The main differences between Apriori and Eclat are how they traverse this tree and how they determine the counter values. Comparing the running times we observe that MaxMiner is the best method for this type of data. RBFS using h 0 = 0 behaves similarly to the breadth-first search. Heuristic function h 0 evaluates all nodes equally so it has no heuristic power and does not provide any guidance. The existing thread has the additional topic node 413 which is about compression of inverted index for fast information retrieval. shows the result of the experiment after the second step of the breadth-first search. Each operation produces a temporary result which must be materialized and consumed by the next operation. A combination of these operators induces a breadth-first search traversal of the DBGraph. bring the two parts to distinguishable states. The crawl started from the Open Directory's 10 homepage and proceeded in a breadth-first manner. For the experiments in this paper  , our search engine indexed about 130 million pages  , crawled from the Web during March of 2004. Each of these subsets is identified using a breadth first search technique. In an object like a dimpled sphere such as a golf ball  , the concavity regions are disjoint sets of features. We choose the appropriate face vector field and cell vector field for the two cases as described in Section IV. The trajectory design problem is solved by performing a pyramid  , breadth-first search. In practice four to six iterations are sufficient to achieve a heading space resolution of less than one degree. The search then proceeds in a breadth-first fashion with a crawling that is not limited to URL domain or file size. The start point for the crawl is the home page of the target site. An efficient implementation can use a data structure like the tree shown in Figure 1to store the counters  Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . JPF is built around first  , breadth-first as well as heuristic search strategies to guide the model checker's search in cases where the stateexplosion problem is too severe 18. JPF is an explicit-state model checker that analyzes Java bytecode classes directly for deadlocks and assertion violations. Therefore  , to perform concolic testing we need to bound the number of iterations of testme if we perform depth-first search of the execution paths  , or we need to perform breadth-first search. Since the function testme runs in an infinite loop  , the number of distinct feasible execution paths is infinite. This simple but extremely flexible prioritization scheme includes as a special case the simpler strategies of breadth-first search i.e. , a queue and depth-first search i.e. , a stack. Simply by assigning a priority to each alternative   , the DBC can determine the order of evaluation of invocations  , achieving flexible evaluation order  , one of our major objectives. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? In both studies  , users were significantly more likely to engage in the depthfirst strategy  , clicking on a promising link before continuing to view other abstracts within the results set. Thus pipelined and setoriented strategies have similar complexity on a DBGraph. They may constitute part of more complex execution plans Thev89The temporal complexity of a depth-first search is OmaxCardX ,CardA while that of a breadth-first search is OCardA Gibb85 . On the other hand  , the depth-first search methods e.g. , PrefixSpan 14 and SPAM 1 grow long patterns from short ones by constructing projected databases. On one hand  , the breadth-first search methods e.g. , GSP 15 and SPADE 21 are based on the Apriori principle 5  and conduct level-by-level candidategeneration-and-tests . The search is guaranteed to halt since there are a finite number of equivalence classes and our search does not consider sequences with cycles. If a plan is found it is guaranteed to be the shortest because of the nature of breadth first search and if the search fails to find any solution then no solution exists for the part. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l The main difference is that the candidates for further expansion are managed in a queue instead of a stack. The error plateaus at the final level of the bounding hierarchy because a lower bound cannot be extracted until the level finishes. Non-promising URLs are put to the back of the queue where they rarely get a chance to be visited. The number of possible choices of values of c and s that concolic testing would consider in each iteration is 17. Abstractly we view a program as a guarded-transition systems and analyze transition sequences. We used depth-first search DFS as the basis for PRSS in this paper; we plan to explore the use of variants of breadth-first search in future work. An enumerative search strategy is first characterized by the choice of the next state to apply an action on  , performed by the setNextState method  , which determines in which way the states are investigated. Let's consider how the FI-combine see Figure 2 routine works  , where the frequency of an extension is tested. Thirdly  , the vertical format is more versatile in supporting various search strategies  , including breadth-first  , depth-first or some other  , hybrid search. For each top ranked search result  , they performed a limited breadth first search and found that searching to a distance of 4 resulted in the best performance. Vassilvitskii and Brill 6 used distance on the web graph to perform a reranking of search results given that relevant documents link to other relevant documents. For example  , the mean number of nodes accessed in the top-down search of the complete link hierarchy for the INSPEC collection is 873 requiring only 20 ,952 bytes of core. As indicated above  , there are basically two ways in which the search tree can be traversed We can use either a breadth first search and explicit subset tests Apriori or a depth first search and intersections of transaction lists Eclat. Furthermore  , the number of small SubStNCtureS 1 to 4 atoms can be enormous  , so that even storing only the topmost levels of the tree can require a prohibitively large amount of memory. These pages were collected during August 2004  , and were drawn arbitrarily from the full MSN Search crawl. The second tool  , Meta Spider  , has similar functionalities as the CI Spider  , but instead of performing breadth-first search on a particular website  , connects to different search engines on the Internet and integrates the results. A sample user session with CI Spider is shown in Figure 1. We make use of relations such as synonym  , hypernym  , hyponym  , holonym and meronym and restrict the search depth to a maximum of two relations. Our results explain their finding by showing that relevant documents are found within a distance of 5 or are as likely to be found as non-relevant documents. In this graph  , subsequent actions are connected  , and TransferReceive / TransferSend actions are additionally connected to each other's subsequent actions. During this search  , we check that the newly introduced transfer does not induce a cycle of robots waiting for each other by performing breadth first search on the graph formed by the robot's plans. Through several recent independent evaluations 17  , 6  , it is now well accepted that a prefix tree-based data set representation typically outperforms both the horizontal and the vertical data set representations for support counting. The itemset search space traversal strategy that is used is depth-first 18  , breadth-first 2  , or based on the pattern-growth methodology 22. The existing methods essentially differ in the data structures used to " index " the database to facilitate fast enumeration. The search can be performed in a breadth-first or depth-first manner  , starting with more general shorter sequences and extending them towards more specific longer ones. We iterate through every possible insertion point for the new pickup or delivery point in s plan   , and choose the plan of lowest cost. A node in the tree contains the set of orientations consistent with the push-align operations along the path to the node. Search procedure: To find an orienting plan  , we perform a breadth-first search of an AND/OR tree lS . The documents retrieved by the web browsers of focused crawlers are validated before they are stored in a repository or database. Focused crawlers  , in contrast to breadth-first crawlers used by search engines  , typically use an informed-search strategy and try to retrieve only those parts of the Web relevant to some given topic 1  , 5  , 9  , 15 . The experiments described in this paper demonstrate that a crawler that downloads pages in breadth-first search order discovers the highest quality pages during the early stages of the crawl. For example  , the Internet Archive crawler described in 3  does not perform a breadthfirst search of the entire web; instead  , it picks 64 hosts at a time and crawls these hosts in parallel. If a winning path exists  , then the path represents the search schedule for the two pursuers. In order to find a winning path  , it suffices to build the graph G and to perform breadth-first search beginning at a start and ending at a goal vertex. To guide the search  , we work backward from a unique final orientation toward a range of orientations of size 27r  , which corresponds to the full range of uncertainty in initial part orientation. After the push function is used to partition the space of push directions into equivalence classes  , we perform a breadth-first search of push combinations to find a fence design. Its first phase is a " crawler " or " spider " that automatically searches part of the Web for caption candidates  , given a starting page and the number of trailing domain words establishing locality so " www.nps.navy.mil 2 " indicates all " navy.mil " sites. The breadth-first search implies that density-connections with the minimum number of objects requiring the minimum number of region queries are detected first. In a non-split situation  , we stop as soon as all members of UpdSeedDel are found to be density-connected to each other. The preponderance of diagonal path lines is due to the search being 8-connected  , and being breadth-first. The waypoints marked on the image indicate equally spaced one-hour time increments  , with the exception of the first interval  , which is a half hour. Sequence mining is essentially an enumeration problem over the sub-sequence partial order looking for those sequences that are frequent. All experiments in this section use the breadth-first search strategy. Our J-Sim experiments build the OU T data structure from Figure 4 and write it to a file only for the first version  , and load the information for unmodified transitions from the file to the IN data structure for each subsequent version. Text is provided for convenience. It is the sort of crawl which might be used by a real .gov search service: breadth first  , stopped after the first million html pages and including the extracted plain text of an additional 250 ,000 non-html pages doc  , pdf and ps. We note that for every fixed query a node assignment requiring no calls to updateP ath always exists: simply label the nodes in order discovered by running breadth-first search from s. However  , there is no universally optimal assignment — different queries yield different optimum assignments. This means that we can start emitting results right away when we retrieve the first result from the index. Focused crawling  , on the other hand  , attempts to order the URLs that have been discovered to do a " best first " crawl  , rather than the search engine's " breadth-first " crawl. " Rather  , any and all newly discovered links are placed onto the crawl frontier to be downloaded when their turn comes. Generalised search engines that seek to cover as much proportion of the web as possible usually implement a breadth-first BRFS or depth-first A. Rauber et al. The visiting strategy of new web pages usually characterises the purpose of the system. MaxMiner also first uses dynamic reordering which reorder the tail items in the increasing order of their supports. MaxMiner 3 uses a breadth-first search and performs look-ahead pruning which prunes a whole tree if the head and tail together is frequent. The data set representation that is used is horizontal 2  , vertical 35  , or based on a prefix tree 22. In effect we find the last fence first and work upstream  , like a salmon. l A split situation is in general the more expensive case because theparts of the cluster to be split actually have to be discovered. For each public user  , we first counted the number of protected mutual neighbours as well as the ratio of protected to all mutual neighbours. The arrangement enumeration tree is created as described above  , using the set of operands defined in Section 2 and it is traversed using either breadth-first or depth-first search. In general  , on level : 1 is created by joining the nodes in -with those in   , 2 for every node   , is defined and then linked to . The effect of search pruning at all Rtree levels is that  , starting from the top level  , the two nodes  , one from each R-tree  , are only traversed for join computation if the MBRs of their parent nodes overlap . In 3  , search pruning is done by synchronously traversing the two input R-trees depth-first whereas in BFRJ it is achieved by synchronized breadth-first traversal of both R-trees. Tuplesn tionally  , a depth first search explores one path deeply  , and thus may find a violation quickly if it serendipitously picks nodes that lead to some violation. Instead  , we can set parameters which we term the window's breadth and depth  , named analogously to breadth-first and depth-first search  , which control the number of toponyms in the window and the number of interpretations examined for each toponym in the window  , respectively. we consider all possible combinations of resolutions for these toponyms  , this results in about 3·10 17 possibilities  , an astonishingly large number for this relatively small portion of text  , which is far too many to check in a reasonable time. Otherwise  , the planner identifies the set of " boundary conditions " for the search  , namely:  The search for a sequence of regrasp operations proceeds by forward chaining from the set of initial gpg triples performing an evaluated breadth-first search in the space of compatible gpg triples. If there exists at least one non-empty intersection the pick-and-place operation can be performed with a single grasp corresponding to a gripper configuration of the non-empty intersection. Beam-search is a form of breadth-first search  , bounded both in width W and depth D. We use parameters D = 4 to find descriptions involving at most 4 conjunctions  , and W = 10 to use only the best 10 hypotheses for refinement in the next level. The quality of such rules is expressed with a confidence-intervalP with P = .95  , and the employed search strategy is beamsearchW  ,D. To seed our crawler  , we generated 100 ,000 random SteamIDs within the key space 64-bit identifiers with a common prefix that reduced the ID space to less than 10 9 possible IDs  , of which 6 ,445 matched configured profiles. In this graph  , vetexes and edges represent nodes and links respectively. Considering each mashup as a path  , we found that about 80% of 4100 existing mashup depth was no more than 3  , so we decided to make the depth level of the breadth-first-search be 3. A recent study of Twitter as a whole  , gathered by breadth-first search  , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 13. The accurate celebrity subgraph has a total of 835  , 117  , 954  , or about 835 million  , directed edges in it which is actually a non-negligible fraction of edges in Twitter's social graph. In this implementation the transitive closure of the digraph G T is based on a breadth first search through G T . This module computes the classification of an OWL 2 QL TBox T by adopting the technique described in Section 3. The sequence of retrieved documents displayed to the user is ordered by the number of edges from the entry point document. Additional documents are then retrieved by following the edges from the starting point in the order of a breadth first search. However  , after a large number of Web pages are fetched  , breadth-first search starts to lose its focus and introduces a lot of noise into the final collection. Instead of traversing the BVTT as a strictly depthfirst or breadth-first search JC98  , we use a priority queue to schedule which of the pending tests to perform next. Limiting the queue size limits the worst case storage requirements and performance of the al- gorithm. Since the planner performs breadth-first search in the space of representative actions  , the planner is complete if the computed action ranges are accurate. Given a nominal part shape with bounded shape uncertainty  , does the planner always return an orienting plan when one exists and indicate failure when no plan exists ? The initial collection was created for day 1 using a Breadth-First crawl that retrieved MAX IN INDEX = 100  , 000 pages from the Web starting from the bookmark URLs. We simulated 5 days of the search engine-crawler system at work. Using a 4000-node subgraph summarized in Table 3  , we generated 1633185 candidate edges. We developed an application  , ljclipper  , to restrict the overall friends graph to that induced by a subset of nodes of fixed number  , found using breadth-first search starting from a given seed. the largest subset of nodes such that any node within it can be reached from any other node following directed links  , contained 64 ,826 sites. When the FM is traversed using the breadth-first search BFS  , the edges in the FPN are generated according to relations between features in the FM and the weights on edges are computed  Lines 4∼5. Then E N i ,j  and W i ,j  are initialized Lines 2∼3. After the completion of breadth first search  , there are no unknown nodes and each node has a location area. Once we meet an unknown node  , we use its known neighbour nodes to compute its location area as described above and then turn it to a known node. In many cases  , simple crawlers follow a breadth-first search strategy  , starting from the root of a website homepage and traversing all URLs in the order in which they were found. Today  , Web Crawling is the standard method for retrieving and refreshing document collections 8 within WMSs as opposed to searching  , see 12. The rightmost thread contains the discussion in hypertext system in the late 80's such as hypertext system implementation Topic 166 and 224 and formal defintion of hypertext system using petrinet Topic 232. The CWB computes the similarity-degrees of the title and/or subtitles through a breadth-first search because the title and subtitles are within a nested structure. Searching for a similar title and/or similar subtitles in the compared Web site. As the crawl progresses  , the quality of the downloaded pages deteriorates. So  , instead of trying to find the optimal allocation we do the allocation by using the heuristic of traversing the tree in a breadth first-BF search order: l We have shown that finding an overall optimal allocation scheme for our cuboid tree is NP-hard DANR96 . Once it has been established that a high level path exists  , the lower level trajectory planning problem for each equivalence region node is to determine the trajectory which the cone must follow to reorient the part. Path planning for individual modules uses a breadth-first search starting at the end of the tail. At this point  , the chain is also moved to the tail  , starting at the extreme module e S of the slice and ending at the root lines 10–12. A candidate path is located when an entity from the forward frontier matches an entity from the reverse frontier. This enables to compute the representation of all concepts such that any pair of concepts sharing a common ancestor in the concept hierarchy will share a common prefix in their representation corresponding to this common ancestor. Once a goal state is reached we have a sequence of desired relative push angles which we know will uniquely reorient a part regardless of its initial orientation because that initial orientation must be in the range of The goal of the breadth first search then is to arrive at a current state p   , such that lpgl = 27r. We use the push function to find equivalence classes of actions-action ranges with the same effect. In our implementation  , we use breadth-first search in the space of representative actions to find the shortest sequence of fence rotations to orient the part. Our approtach to solve the regrasp problem is as follows: We generate and evaluate possible grasp classes of an object and its stable placements on a table; the regrasping problem is then solved by an evaluated breadth-first search in a space where we represent all compatible sequences of regrasp operations. Otherwise  , these constraints require that at least one regrasp operation must be performed. This procedure is then applied to all URLs extracted from newly downloaded pages. To address the issue of intolerance to false positives  , we consider only the top ten ranked method invocations reported in the diagnosis reports; the rest is ignored. In order to follow the edges in one direction in time  , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. To discover a topic evolution graph from a seed topic  , we apply a breadth-first search starting from the seed node but only following the edges that lead to topic nodes earlier in time. Our initial examination revealed that the allocated users IDs are very evenly distributed across the ID space. Capturing LCC Structure: To capture the connectivity structure of the Largest Connected Component LCC  , we use a few high-degree users as starting seeds and crawl the structure using a breadth-first search BFS strategy. Recently  , Microsoft Academic Search released their paper URLs and by crawling the first 7.58 million  , we have collected 2.2 million documents 4 . Third  , we import paper collections from other repositories such as arXiv and PubMed to incorporate papers from a breadth of disciplines. A lattice is defined over generated word sets for formulae  , and a breadth-first search starting from the query formula set is used to find similar formulae. convert operator trees to a bag of 'words' representing individual arguments and operator-argument triples 15. That is  , for each node a set of SPARQL query patterns is generated following the rules depicted in Table 3w.r.t. This breadth-first search visits each node and generates several possible triple patterns based on the number of annotations and the POS-tag itself. The next step is to choose a set of cuboids that can be computed concurrently within the memory constraints . So  , instead of trying to find the optimal allocation we do the allocation by using the heuristic of traversing the tree in a breadth first-BF search order: l Clearly these computations can be done in time 0  m  once the minimum free radii have been calculated. We assign priority to the pending BVTT visits according to the distance: the closest pending BV pair is given a higher priority and visited next. The search is breadth-first and proceeds by popping a node from the head of OPEN list and generating the set of child nodes for the constituent states steps 1-4. If a node has a single state it is labeled solved. Search engines conduct breadth first scans of the site  , generating many requests in short duration. The Keynote robot can generate a request multiple times a minute  , 24 hours a day  , 7 days a week  , skewing the statistics about the number of sessions  , page hits  , and exit pages last page at each session. An estimate of the total number of edges by the present authors suggests there are around 7 billion edges in the present social graph. For each instance of the iterator created for a path pattern  , two DFAs are constructed. These pages contain 17 ,672 ,011 ,890 hyperlinks after eliminating duplicate hyperlinks embedded in the same web page  , which refer to a total of 2 ,897 ,671 ,002 URLs. Our web graph is based on a web crawl that was conducted in a breadth-first-search fashion  , and successfully retrieved 463 ,685 ,607 HTML pages. PD-Live does a breadth-first search from the document a user is currently looking at to select a candidate set of documents. Citation links and other similarity measures form a directed graph with documents as the nodes and similarity relationships as the edges. For clarity of exposition  , the database operations introduced in Section 3 have been described in a setoriented way  , independent of their integration in a query execution plan. Specifically   , we collected the previous Amazon reviews of each reviewer in the root dataset and the Amazon product pages those reviews were associated with. The topological map stores only relative information in edges while the metric map contains location of nodes with respect to the specified origin. The sensor-based planner performs breadth-first AND/OR search to generate sensor-based orienting plans for parts with shape uncertainty. Given a nominal part shape  , radius values of the center of mass and vertex uncertainty circles  , and maximum sensor noise  , they return a plan when they can find one and indicate failure otherwise. The sensorless planner uses breadth-first search to find sensorless orienting plans. For the parts in Figure 14  , going from top to bottom  , left to right  , the sensor-based planner took an average of 0.192 secs  , 1.870 secs  , 0.756 secs  , 0.262 secs  , 0.262 secs  , 0.224 secs  , and 0.188 secs respectively on a SPARC ELC. Using the enumeration tree as shown in Figure 2  , we can describe recent approaches to the problem of mining MFI. A simple breadth-first search is quite effective in discovering the topic evolution graphs for a seed topic Figure 4and Figure 5a. In this subsection  , rather than focusing on finding the single best parameter values  , we explore the parameter space and present multiple examples of graphs obtained with varying parameter values. show informative evolutionary structure  , carrying concrete information about the corpus that are sometimes previously unknown to us. We initially clone the live object set to know what it was set to before we begin walking the object graph. At every jvar-node  , we take intersection of bindings generated by its adjacent tp-nodes and after the intersection  , drop the triples from tp-node Bit- Mats as a result of the dropped bindings. They found that crawling in a breadth-first search order tends to discover high-quality pages early on in the crawl  , which was applied when the authors downloaded the experimental data set. 20 studied different crawling strategies and their impact on page quality. OVERLAP does the allocation using a heuristic of traversing the search tree in a breadth-first order  , giving priority to cuboids with smaller partition sizes  , and cuboids with longer attribute lists. For other cuboids  , only a single page of memory can be allocated -these cuboids are said to be in the " SortRun " state. The entry point can be directly provided by the user by selecting a document icon  , or determined by the system as the document that best matches the query. If the action ranges are overly conservative  , the planner may not find a solution even when one exists. Our evaluation is based on two data sets: a large web graph and a substantial set of queries with associated results  , some of which were labeled by human judges. Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. As desired by the user the list can be reduced to terminal authors. To detect deadlocks or paths to be folded we scan graph C with the BFS Breadth-First-Search algo­ rithm. and Next to the folding we introduce operations that re­ move from the systerl1 the vehicles that can visit all the vertices of their mission vectors. Unlike the simple crawlers behind most general search engines which collect any reachable Web pages in breadth-first order  , focused crawlers try to " predict " whether or not a target URL is pointing to a relevant and high-quality Web page before actually fetching the page. Focused crawlers are programs designed to selectively retrieve Web pages relevant to a specific domain for the use of domainspecific search engines and digital libraries. In addition  , focused crawlers visit URLs in an optimal order such that URLs pointing to relevant and high-quality Web pages are visited first  , and URLs that point to low-quality or irrelevant pages are never visited. Since the position bias can be easily incorporated into click models with the depth-first assumption  , most existing click models 4  , 11  , 13 follow this assumption and assume that the user examines search results in a top-to-bottom fashion. The breadth-first strategy  , however  , draws a different picture: a user will look ahead at a series of results before clicking on the favorite results among them. The subgraph returned by BFS usually contains less vertices in the target community than the subgraph of the same size obtained by random walk technique. It is worthwhile noting that other expansion methods such as breadth-first-search BFS would entirely ignore the bottleneck defining the community and rapidly mix with the entire graph before a significant fraction of vertices in the community have been reached. If the similarity-degree of a title and/or subtitles is higher than the threshold ­  , the title and/or subtitles are regarded a similar title and/or similar subtitles  , and the contents of the title and subtitles are considered similar contents. The use of the succ-tup and succ-val* primitives defines a traversal of the DBGraph following a breadth-first search EFS strategy Sedg84  , as follows : The transitive closure operation is performed by simply traversing links  , Furthermore testing the termination condition is greatly simplified by marking. The resulting operation  , called SIKC val*v ,R.k  , delivers and marks all non marked tuple ve&es connected to the value v by one edge valued by R.k. One possible source of this difference is that the crawling policies that gave rise to each data set were very different; the DS2 crawl considered page quality as an important factor in which pages to select; the DS1 crawl was a simpler breadth-first-search crawl with politeness. The DS1 and DS2 curves differ significantly: DS2 contains about twice as many documents which contain no popular shingles at all. If the target community exists for the seed set  , then according to 6  , this target community would serve as a bottleneck for the probability to be spread out. Before searching for a regrasp sequence  , the regrasp planner checks if the pick-and-place operation can be achieved within a single grasp. The division of the planning into ofRine and online computation with as much a priori knowledge as possible used for the offline computation turns out to be an efficient and powerful concept  , operating online in connection with the evaluated breadth-first search in the space of compatible regrasp operations. Two gpg triples Gi  ,  ,Pj  ,  ,Gkl sumes less than 5.0 sec CPU time on a SPARC station 5. The unions D:=DuAD and AD':=AD'usucc~val*v'  , R.1 can be efficiently implemented by a concatenation since marking the tuples avoid duplicate generation. To capture the full semantics of an input question  , HAWK traverses the predicated-argument tree in a pre-order walk to reflect the empirical observation that i related information are situated close to each other in the tree and ii information are more restrictive from left to right. Starting from this seed set  , we performed a breadth-first crawl traversing friendship links aiming to discover the largest connected component of the social graph. To initiate the crawl  , we used the search facilities on PornHub to retrieve all users from the 60 largest cities within and the 48 largest cities outside of the USA based on population  , giving us a seed set of 102k users. This figure suggests that breadth-first search crawling is fairly immune to the type of self-endorsement described above: although the size of the graph induced by the full crawl is about 60% larger than the graph induced by the 28 day crawl  , the longer crawl replaced only about 25% of the " hot " pages discovered during the first 28 days  , irrespective of the size of the " hot " set. The overlap continues in the 60- 80% range through the extent of the entire 28 day data set. the node that has the shortest average path to all the other nodes in Λ pred and to perform a breadth-first-search from this node in G pred subgraph of G containing only the nodes in Λ pred and their interconnects to create a tree of information spread and to use the leaves of that tree as the newly activated nodes. The first  , rather naive approach we implemented to predict Ξ pred was to select the most central node in set Λ pred ; i.e. Some connectivity-based metrics  , such as Kleinberg's al- gorithm 8  , consider only remote links  , that is  , links between pages on different hosts. In addition to the standard language features of Java  , JPF uses a special class Verify that allows users to annotate their programs so as to 1 express non-deterministic choice with methods Verify.randomn and Verify.randomBool  , 2 truncate the search of the state-space with method Verify.ignoreIfcondition when the condition becomes true  , and 3 indicate the start and end of a block of code that the model checker should treat as one atomic statement and not interleave its execution with any other threads with methods Verify.beginAtomic and Verify.endAtomic. Our experiments revealed that the influentials identified using this method have poor performance which led us to identify the next method of prediction. If the edges of a lockdown graph are weighted by the number of images constituting the part of the segment between the two lockdown points or more appropriately  , the sub-nodes on which the two lockdown points lie  , choosing the smallest-sized cycle basis will reduce computational cost in computing HHT to a small extent. In our work we use a simple breadth-first-search routine  , modified along the suggestions in 3  , to find a cycle basis for graphs that are allowed to have multiple self-edges and multiple edges between vertices.