gorithm 1 outlines the key steps of KLSH    , where b is a critical parameter that determines the length of hash key to be constructed in KLSH. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space    , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. Intuitively    , ωt  ,j represents the average fraction of the sentiment " mass " that can be attributed to the hidden sentiment factor j. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized    , 2 categorized    , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared    , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. Data Preparation
We prepare two datasets for experiments. TREC Text REtrieval Conference 
EVALUATING OBJECT RETRIEVAL
 The broad class of search technologies that exploit semantic data encodings are often called semantic search systems 
Ad-Hoc Object Retrieval
Arriving at a common evaluation methodology requires the definition of a shared task that is accepted by the community as the one that is most relevant to potential applications of the field. We wanted to see if a the fourth approach    , the categorized and weighted approach    , performed better than the rest; b the semantic relevance approach in general was better than the simple query match approach; c the categorized approach in general was better than the not-categorized approach. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications    , e.g. We observe that even when there is no change in the entropy    , there is still an amount of information responsible for any variance in the probability distribution. To determine if a profile is better than another one    , we use the generalized Jaccard similarity coefficient defined as: 
Jx    , y = i minx i     , y i  i maxx i     , y i  
where x and y are two multi-sets and the natural numbers x i ≥ 0 and y i ≥ 0 are the multiplicity of item i in each multiset. Our goal is to design a good indexing method for similarity search of large-scale datasets that can achieve high search quality with high time and space efficiency. eXtreme Programming XP's planning game. For even larger datasets    , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. System design
 Our Interactive Tracking system uses the vector-space approach where each document is represented by a vector of term weights V . Each element function fcw is a negative log-likelihood function with the 2 norm for composition c    , which is a single element of set C. 
Optimization
There are a few issues with optimizing the composite objectives in 3.6. Given the synthesized schemas    , we created a database for each alternative . In addition to implementation simplicity    , viewing PIVOT as GROUP BY also yields many interesting optimizations that already apply to GROUP BY. In a benchmarking experiment    , we identify δ by specifying a schedule of delivery of requests to hosts    , along with hosts' assignments to conditions. Simply put    , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. To achieve this goal    , we first partition the timeline into N continuous bins of equal size. Given that our system is trained off this data    , we believe we can drastically improve the performance of our system by identifying the blog posts have been effectively tagged    , meaning that the tags associated with the post are likely to be considered relevant by other users. The present section is structured according to the above categorization. Otherwise    , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. The most difficult aspect in experimental design was deciding how to choose the query pairs. Without the efforts of these users we would not have such good results nor would we have RaPiD7 as an institutionalized way of working. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object    , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. gjeu denotes the jth feature for the uth entity and ruv denotes the relevance judgment for the pair eu    , dv. This section provides a brief overview of LSH functions    , the basic LSH indexing method and a recently proposed entropy-based LSH indexing method. For each combination of the parameters    , we run the inference for 100 iterations. In this paper 1 we present a coordination middleware for the Semantic Web and demonstrate its relevance to these vital issues for Semantic Web applications. Each tree is composed of internal nodes and leaves. The first example is an on-line application; the second is run off-line to produce stored data. In order to implement this principle    , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them    , as specified in the query topic. We present experimental results on large-scale datasets using four different setups: 1. the INEX benchmark 
 Our experiments demonstrate both the system's efficiency and its expressiveness and search result quality. Note that    , in practice    , it is generally infeasible to consider all the words appearing in the blog entries as potential features     , because the feature set would be extremely large in the order of 100  ,000 in our data set    , and the cost of constructing a document-feature matrix could be prohibitively high. Since SGML provides a document exchange model rather than a general purpose data model 
Basic SGML Constructs
 Standard Generalized Mark-up Language SGML is an international stan- dard 
line 15 indicates that the corresponding elements actor line 7 and place line 14 have no content    , when these attributes have values. Because the communicative context appears to mitigate the occurance of bias especially in the case of LIB We present optimization strategies for various scenarios of interest. Currently    , there are a number of commercial products available for individual communities to create their specialized digital library for example    , http://www.software.ibm.com/is/dig- lib/v2factsheet.   , as the product of the probabilities of the single observations    , which are functions of the covariates whose values are known in the observations and the coefficients which are the unknowns. To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. The experiments show that with our estimate of the relevance model    , classical probabilistic models of retrieval outperform state-of-the-art heuristic and language modeling approaches. We h a ve performed Figure 2: Folding in a query conisting of the terms aid"    , food"    , medical"    , people"    , UN"    , and war": evolution of posterior probabilities and the mixing proportions P zjq rightmost column in each bar plot for the four factors depicted in 
Folding-In Queries
 Folding-in refers to the problem of computing a representation for a document or query that was not contained in the original training collection. For the online study    , we computed each recommendation list type anew for users in the denser BookCrossing dataset    , 
ΘF = 0 b 
Figure 3: Intra-list similarity behavior a and overlap with original list b for increasing ΘF though without K-folding. There are many different ways in which the data could be partitioned     , but an individual document must be present in only one media. We then proposed different aspects for characterizing reference quality    , including context coherence    , selection clarity    , and reference relevance with respect to the selection and the context. A holistic approach for finding optimal plans based on Iterative Dynamic Programming IDP 
Future Work
Other future work will be the support for DESCRIBE-queries and IRIs as subjects. It is worth noting that although we have only used S- PLSA for the purpose of prediction in this work    , it is indeed a model general enough to be applied to other scenarios. INTRODUCTION
 Recent developments in the conceptual view of Information Retrieval marked a departure from the traditional models of relevance and the emergence of language modeling frameworks    , introduced by Ponte and Croft 
Earlier work on probabilistic models of information retrieval 
RELATED WORK
 There are two directions of information retrieval research that provide a theoretical foundation for our model: the now classic work on probabilistic models of relevance    , and the recent developments in language modeling techniques for IR. RQ3 considers a second aspect of topic    , whether the topic is visually or semantically oriented 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN 2.1 Design
In our experiment we manipulated four independent variables: image size small    , medium    , large    , relevance level relevant    , not relevant    , topic difficulty easy    , medium    , difficult    , very difficult and topic visuality visual    , medium    , semantic. These test collections are meant to be portable    , reusable    , statistically powerful    , and open to anyone that wishes to work on the problem of retrieval over sessions. Evaluation
To evaluate TagAssist    , we used data provided to use by Technorati    , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. Recent w ork has also shown that the beneets of PLSA extend beyond document indexing and that a similar approach can be utilized    , e.g. EVALUATION
We trained a support vector machine classifier with an RBF kernel implemented in the WEKA machine learning workbench 
Metrics
We used four standard classification metrics to evaluate system performance. In addition    , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects.   , model-based and model-free approaches 
Transfer Deep Learning
Deep learning began emerging as a new area of machine learning research in 2006 
ONTOLOGY FOR PERSONAL PHOTOS
We propose to design an ontology for personal photos    , since the vocabulary of general Web images is often too large and not specific to personal photos. The task is to estimate the relevance of the image and the query for each test query-image pair    , and then for each query    , we order the images based on the prediction scores returned by our trained ranking model. Moreover in 28% of searches documents were saved only from the top 25. Topics sustainable tourism and interpolation 1411 and 4882 do not benefit from semantic matching due to a semantic gap: interpolation is associated with the polynomial kind while the relevance assessments focus on stochastic methods. EXPERIMENTS
We carried out experiments using the benchmark Learning to Rank LETOR OHSUMED data set 
Parameter choices
There are several design choices which are common to both the GP-Rank and FITC-Rank model    , including the number of prototypes per label value    , the type of kernel function     , how prototypes are initialised    , and how kernel hyperparameters are initialised. If the friendship measure is larger than the threshold    , the friend ID with its rating information is sent back to the target peer. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function    , 
Lω    , α= M u=1 N v=1 log Nz z=1  1 Ze u exp j=1 αzjgjeu δruv K i=1 ωzifieu    , dv 
7 
where M is the number of the entities and N is the number of the documents in training set. Each metric captures a unique aspect of the classifier's performance. We also implemented a prototype web-based pictogram retrieval system 
Comparison of Four Approaches. The model is based on PLSA    , and authorship    , published venues and citation relations have been included in it. 9 
The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. The existing thread has the additional topic node 413 which is about compression of inverted index for fast information retrieval. We also prove the convergence of IMRank and analyze the impact of initial ranking. We present the influence of α l     , αg and β in 
Community Membership Evaluation
On the PAPER dataset    , the evaluation result of NCut CCD = 1351.02    , and we list the evaluation results of Net- PLSA regarding to its parameter λ in 
Case Study
This section gives some case studies in the PAPER dataset to show the semantic community discovery ability of ToP. LIB is similar in spirit to IDF and its value represents the discriminative power of the term when it appears in a document. According to extensive experiment results    , T is always significantly smaller than k. Besides    , dmax is usually much smaller than n    , e.g. Experimental Conditions
 We refined our basic survey idea into a 2 x 4 betweensubjects design. σ· = 1 1+e −· is a known as a sigmoid/logistic function. Section 3 reports the experimental results of several well-known ontology systems on the UOBM and provides detailed discussions. The users can highlight any text from the search snippets or whole document and add it to the notebook by a single button click. To simplify our experiments    , we dropped the document segments that were in the gold standard but were not in the ranked list of selected retrieved segments although we could have kept them by folding them into the LSA spaces. The same AROW parameters of the baseline model were used. The results are listed in 
To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method    , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. Factor Representation: An Example
In order to visualize the factor solution found by PLSA we present an elucidating example. Based on 2 and 3    , the semantic relevance or the measure of relevancy to return pictogram e when w i is input as query can be calculated as follows: 
SRw i     , e = j P w j |e|E i ∩ E j |/|E i ∪ E j | 4 
The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero    , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. This indicates that IMRank is efficient at solving the influence maximization problem via finding a final self-consistent ranking. By learning the embedding E from the data    , we are uncovering K visual dimensions that are the most predictive of users' opinions. As a result    , the 2014 data includes far more sessions than previous years—1  ,257 unique sessions as compared to around 100 for each of the previous three years. However    , our spectral classifier may be more suitable for projects with heavily imbalanced  i.e. , 'Deep CNN' features extracted from raw product images presented a good option due to their widely demonstrated efficacy at capturing abstract notions of fine-grained categories 
3 
 Then the parameter set is Θ = {α    , βu    , βi    , γu    , γi    , θu    , E}. This    , in turn    , corresponds to computing the negative logprobability of the true class. As shown in 
New York Times Collection
 With the NY Times corpus    , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity    , rand index    , and precision Table 5. Experiments conducted on two real datasets show that SoCo evidently outperforms the state-of-the-art context-aware and social recommendation models. RQ3: Is there evidence of linguistic bias based on the race of the person described  ? Each of the pivots were manually examined by an assessor for assigning a relevance grade. For the multi-probe LSH method    , we have implemented both step-wise probing and query-directed probing. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . First    , we apply the PLSA method to the candidate images with the given number of topics    , and get the probability of each topic over each image    , P z|I. Gini importance is calculated based on Gini Index or Gini Impurity    , which is the measure of class distribution within a node. Besides    , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 
WMKLSH by Weighted Bit Allocation
 We first propose a Weighted Multi-Kernel Locality-Sensitive Hashing WMKLSH scheme by a supervised learning approach to determine the allocation of bit size    , where a kernel is assigned a larger size of bits if it better captures the similarity between data points. 2 
Comparison between Our Method and the Traditional Materialized View Method
Our fast detection method for empty-result queries uses some data structure similar to materialized views − each atomic query part stored in the collection C aqp can be regarded as a " mini " materialized view. These lexicons along with example posts for each narrative are shown in 
What Factors Are Predictive of Success  ? F itness2 = RI * 10 − W I * 2 
EXPERIMENTS
In this section    , we present the results of the experiments we have performed to evaluate our proposed GP-based approach to deduplication. Considering the Random Forest based approaches we vary the number of trees ranging from 10 to 1000. The first order derivatives are: 
= e −v u  ,i  ,t ·r u  ,i  ,t 1 + e −v u  ,i  ,t ·r u  ,i  ,t · −ru  ,i  ,t 
 Based on the above derivation    , we can use the stochastic gradient descent method to find the optimal parameters. Main Results
The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results    , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. Dennis Egan of BelIcore ran these experiments    , with two chemistry pr+ fessors at Cornell serving as consultants to design the questions    , and 1000 articles from the Jounzal of the American Chemical Society used for data. Image Tagging
 A large body of work on image tagging proceeds along two dimensions     , i.e. MGED 
Current methodological research on building ontologies focuses on the gathering and conceptualization of knowledge while avoiding fallacies in the formal specification of the model 
CONCLUSION Consistency in ontology schema design is essential. 6 
The TDCM assumption 1 SKIPPING BIAS ASSUMPTION is modeled by 3 and 6. Semantic Relevance Measure
 We identified ambiguities in pictogram interpretation and possible issues involved in the usage of such pictograms in communication. Sensitivity to Structural Variation: 
We performed evaluation of sensitivity to structural variation of NQS over the OWL-S TC query dataset three versions and the QALD-4 dataset three versions. We focused on the problem of opinion topic relatedness and we showed that using proximity information of opinionated terms to query terms is a good indicator of opinion and query-relatedness. The subjective effort results also indicate that visual topics require less effort to judge in terms of subjective effort    , for example it was found that participants believed they had better performance for visual topics    , while for semantic topics    , the perceived mental workload and effort was greater. Out of these posts    , 1.9M posts are tagged with an average of 1.75 tags per post. Creation of Relevant Pictogram 
Set. From specialized systems like Ushahidi for crisis mapping    , Foldit for protein folding and Duolingo for translation to general-purpose crowdsourcing platforms like Amazon Mechanical Turk and Crowdflower – these systems have shown the effectiveness of intelligently organizing large numbers of people. Authoring documents traditionally usually rely on inspections 
The following chapter provides insights to a method developed in Nokia in order to address the aforementioned problems in authoring documentation. In order to ensure that some of the candidates are better than the production ranker    , the relevant documents have a higher chance to be promoted to top than the irrelevant ones. We suggested why classical models with their explicit notion of relevance may potentially be more attractive than models that limit queries to being a sample of text. She also chooses a city DuTH B vs A +24  ,58% +23  ,14% +41  ,19% and rates its consisting POIs using the same criteria. Here    , we propose a semantic relevance measure which outputs relevancy values of each pictogram when a pictogram interpretation is given. Second    , we believe that the ranking orders generated by the base ranking function is substantially more reliable than the numerical values of the ranking scores. In order to follow the edges in one direction in time    , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. This provides the needed document ranking function. Multi-Probe vs. Entropy-Based Methods
Although both multi-probe and entropy-based methods visit multiple buckets for each hash table    , they are very different in terms of how they probe multiple buckets. The latter problem is trivial    , as users tend to have very few pinboards per category 
Category prediction
We design a multi-class Random Forest classifier 7 to learn which category a user will repin a given image into. Hence we propose three fusion methods to combine the two quantities by addition and multiplication: 1. With these choices    , nearby objects those within distance r have a greater chance p1 vs. p2 of being hashed to the same value than objects that are far apart those at a distance greater than cr away. Experimental Study
The goal of the experimental study is to evaluate the effectiveness of CyCLaDEs. Results: Overall Approach
First    , we used the data extracted from DBpedia consisting of the 52 numeric & textual data properties of the City class to test our proposed overall approach SemanticTyper. These parameters can be determined by maximizing the log-likelihood function i.e. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. For example    , consider the following two queries: In general    , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. Stemmers equate or conflate certain variant forms of the same word like paper    , papers and fold    , folds    , folded    , folding…. Result Ranking. LI Frequency LIF Model
In the LI Frequency LIF model    , we use term frequencies to model least information. General Interest Model
The general interest model captures the user's interests in terms of categories e.g. Then    , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space    , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context    , followed by their loss functions. We found that we are able to predict correctly implicit state information based on geospatial named entities using a Random Forest RF classifier with precision of 0.989    , recall 0.798    , and F1 of 0.883    , for Pennsylvania. 2-The second approach is experimental: an initial user interface is quickly developed and then evaluated by end-users. Our initial examination revealed that the allocated users IDs are very evenly distributed across the ID space. The most popular choices for pooling operation are: max and average pooling. If the same types of dependencies were capture by both syntactic and semantic dependencies    , LCE would be expected to perform about equally as well as relevance models. These benefits include verification of architectural constraints on component compositions    , and increased opporttmities for optimization between components. In the initial time-step    , the end-to-end output from the encoding procedure is used as the original input into first LSTM layer. This reconfirms previous observations that modeling dependencies via the use of proximity features within the MRF has more of an impact on larger    , noisier collections than smaller    , well-behaved ones. Our method presupposes a set of pictograms having a list of interpretation words and ratios for each pictogram. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos    , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. In our experiments    , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. Applying 
the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. First    , when using the same number of hash tables    , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need    , compared with the entropy-based approach  ? 6 and 7 only makes sense if there are users associated with each edge in our dataset    , which is not true of the four graph types we have presented so far. It too introduces non-trivial complications with respect to how hosts interact with request-level effects and experimental design to affect the standard error of the benchmark. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. The correlation between the two measures was evaluated using the Pearson correlation coefficient and Kendall's−τ 4 . A recent study of Twitter as a whole    , gathered by breadth-first search    , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 
Impact of the Suggested Users List
Given that the overall celebrity follow rate halved when Twitter switched to the categorical suggested users list    , it is clear that being on the suggested users list increases the acquisition of new followers substantially. There are now over two dozen of these collections    , and they have been distributed widely by the United Nations and other non government agencies 
Weaknesses
Many experimental interfaces have been built for Greenstone    , some of which make use of a CORBA-based protocol to support distributed client-server in-teraction. The profile characterizes the content of the cache of LDF client at a given moment. The interaction design included 30 complex questions; for each    , participants could submit a URL to an interactive system. The MLP-based system achieved run-times ranging from 17 s for the first iteration to almost 20 min for the final iteration. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 
We find that domain experts can agree on concept coreness ratings    , and that intermediate-level annotated features can be used to computationally predict these coreness ratings. Section 2 analyzes and summarizes the limitations of the LUBM and presents the UOBM    , including ontology design    , instance generation    , query and answer construction. Further more    , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. One key question is how to determine the weights for kernel combination. The major issue in the integration of biomedical data is the large number of distributed    , semantically disparate data sources that need to be combined into a useful and usable system for biologists. The default probing method for multi-probe LSH is querydirected probing. These include a Venn diagram tool for formulating Boolean queries graphically    , and a bibliographic visualization tool that plots matching citations on an x-y grid based on publication year and ranked relevance score to the query terms 
Requirements
From these and other considerations arose the following requirements for an improved design. We can briefly show why the Clarke-Tax approach maximizes the users' truthfulness by an additional    , simpler example. We conducted personal photo tagging on 7  ,000 real personal photos and personal photo search on the MIT-Adobe FiveK photo dataset. From a system's perspective it could be argued that the TREC interactive task of finding as many different instances on a topic as possible in twenty minutes is basically a recall task. We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. While this approach is not applicable to all software architectures    , it can yield benefits when applied to static systems    , and to static aspects of dynamic systems. In this study    , we use raw term frequencies with MLE to estimate probabilities and do not use any smoothing techniques to fine tune the estimates. Performing a similarity search query on an LSH index consists of two steps: 1 using LSH functions to select " candidate " objects for a given query q    , and 2 ranking the candidate objects according to their distances to q. There is one Map instance for each ExprXlass in the logical search space. Evaluation Datasets
We have used two datasets in our evaluation. , projection    , duplicate elimination that have no influence on the emptiness of the query output. W3C 
TU The TU benchmark contains both English and Dutch textual evidence. While many other biomedical disease domains may be able to " borrow " essential elements and design principles from these standards    , each disease research initiative will ultimately have to develop such controlled vocabularies and data elements in order to facilitate data integration and reliable representation. dynamic programming    , greedy    , simulated annealing    , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 
Extendibility
As anticipated    , to meet the extensibility and maintainability requirement previously identified the VDL Generator is    , by design    , composed of three parts: the search strategy    , the logical components and their search space    , the physical components and their search space. 2 summarizes related works.   , ridge regularization. The results show that query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the step-wise probing sequence. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets    , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. , b} 
Unlike the regular KLSH that adopts a single kernel    , BMKLSH employs a set of m kernels for the hashing scheme. , 71 does not depend on X. l 
When X entirely differentiates fault-prone software parts    , then the curve approximates a step function. This click model is consisted of a horizontal model H Model that explains the skipping behavior    , a vertical model D Model that depicts the vertical examination behavior    , and a relevance model R Model that measures the intrinsic relevance between the prefix and a suggested query. The high efficiency ensures an immediate response    , and thus the transfer deep learning approach with two modes can be adopted as a prototype model for real-time mobile applications    , such as photo tagging and event summarization on mobile devices. Hence a mechanism should be provided to make the DBMS itself extensible by user defined functions such that they become part of the DBMS's query language. An extension could also support composition and association between types    , supporting the structuring mechanisms from object-oriented programming languages in full generality. In the following    , two approaches    , namely JAD and Agile modeling    , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. Semantic Accuracy: We observed an SP of 91.92 % for the OWL-S TC query dataset. Let Bt denote the set of blogs on the movie of interest that were posted on day t. The average probability of sentiment factor z = j conditional on blogs in Bt is defined as 
ωt  ,j = 1 |Bt| b∈B t pz = j|b    , 
 where pz = j|bb ∈ Bt are obtained based a trained S- PLSA model. In the results    , unless otherwise specified    , the default values are W = 0.7    , M = 16 for the image dataset and W = 24.0    , M = 11 for the audio dataset. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features    , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. Experimental Design
All experiments were conducted on a machine running Linux with a Intel Xeon x5650 CPU 2.67GHz and 48GB of RAM. Pearson correlation coefficient says how similar two users are considering their ratings of items. This paper focuses on comparing the basic    , entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods in the case that the index data structure fits in main memory. If the predicate belongs to the profile    , the frequency of this predicate is incremented by one and the timestamp associated to this entry is updated. The time and space complexity of IMRank with the generalized LFA strategy is low. From a correlation perspective    , the similarity wij is basically the unnormalized Pearson correlation coefficient 
 1 Computing the Laplacian matrix from the weighted adjacency matrix    , where the Laplacian matrix is a widely used matrix representation of a graph in graph theory; 
 2 Performing an eigendecomposition on the Laplacian ma- trix; 
3 Selecting a threshold on the second smallest eigenvector to obtain the bipartitions of the graph. We vary the profile size to 5    , 10 and 30. Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd    , thus    , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. For possible future research    , we plan to design a better text representation scheme by combining full text representation with feature selection techniques to avoid using only emotion terms. For simplicity    , we define LST M xt    , ht−1 to denote the LSTM operation on input x at time-step t and the previous hidden state ht−1. Since log L is a strictly increasing function    , the parameters of Θ which maximize log-likelihood of log L also maximize the likelihood L 
1–3
. This includes issues of persistent storage    , efficient reasoning    , data mediation    , scalability    , distribution of data    , fault tolerance and security. We first vary K    , with fixed p and q values p = 7    , and q = 1. 100 for more details on the geometry of statistical models. On each axis    , the likelihood probability gets projected as a continuous numeric function with maximum possible score of 1.0 for a value that is always preferred    , and a score of 0.0 for a value that is absent from the table. Retrospectively    , this choice now bears fruit    , as the update exists as an average amenable to stochastic gradient descent. Acknowledgements
Hundreds of people have been involved in making RaPiD7 as a working practice in Nokia. In this way    , one could estimate a general user vocabulary model    , that describes the searcher's active and passive language use in more than just term frequencies. It has been advocated that the relevance of an information object to the information need of a specific user is a subjective and multidimensional concept    , which encompasses various properties and characteristics of the sought information ob- jects 
EXPERIMENTAL METHODOLOGY
 In this section    , we report detailed settings of our experimental methodology. Our model first determines the score of a candidate reply given the reformulated query    , based on the candidate reply and its associated posting Subsection 5.1.   , QDrop-Out = {q0    , q0 
DEEP LEARNING TO RESPOND
 In this section    , we describe the deep model for query-reply ranking and merging. Those resulting from extensions to software of techniques used for assessing hardware reliability and test coverage ; Z. Task Description
There are multiple subtasks in SemEval 2013 and 2014. NQS was able to correctly fit 919 out of the 1083 OWLS-TC queries along with all their syntactic variation    , giving high VP of 96.43 %. Varying the problem hardness
 In the experimental design    , we vary the number of nodes and dynamic clusters. Our results from these models show that a fully balanced design— accounting for both request variability and host variability—is optimal in minimizing the benchmark's standard error given a fixed number of requests and machines. yt = p i=1 φiyt−i + q i=1 K j=1 ρi  ,jωt−i  ,j + t    , 
2 
where p    , q    , and K are user-chosen parameters    , while φi and ρi  ,j are parameters whose values are to be estimated using the training data. Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. We employ a deep learning engine to semantically label photos to explore the visual content of real-life photos. The resulting uneven link creation results in a very uneven link distribution    , with some nodes hugely connected    , and other nodes completely isolated 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Our experiment compares the reformulation of queries that users perform in keyword searching    , to the query reformulation implicit in browsing between documents linked by similarity of content. We prove that IMRank    , starting from any initial ranking     , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. Together with the self-learning knowledge base    , NRE makes a deep injection possible. The user interface is then established by performing experimental evaluations. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. Finally    , the unnormalized importance weight for particle f     , ω f after td is updated as
ω f ← ω f P xtd|z f td     , s f td     , x1:t−1    , 
7 
 which has the intuitive explanation that the weight for particle f is updated by multiplying in the marginal probability of the new observation xtd    , which we compute from the last 10 samples of the MCMC sweep over a given document. To add more credit to the friends who share common ratings with the target peer    , we use an Copyright is held by the author/owners. For the same number of iterations 1000    , such a model would take almost six years to train.   , the difference in means depends on aspects of the experimental design. We also studied query independent features on an Support Vector Machine classifier. Therefore     , much prior work has focused on constructing models that emphasize such domain-specific keywords for the vertical selection task 
3.   , museums    , landmarks    , and galleries. Discipline means 'a method of teaching'. The NDCG results from the user dependent rating imputation method are shown in 
shows the learned variances together with the number of ratings for each movie. We then performed the same experiment over different wh-types on 2 more datasets: Training set of QALD-5's Multilingual tract only english queries and OWLS-TC. However    , we recognize the limitations of the trade-offs we made in our study design     , including the small sample size and lack of experimental control. Which resource for training the semantic space  ? , precision and purity. DATA AUGMENTATION & TRAINING
We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques    , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . Section 3 provides details on our interface design and experimental setup. The general scheme for this transformation for procedures without parameters and results ig see DIJKSTRA 
$ 
The iterative normal form thus consists of three parts: initialization    , repetition    , result indication. But we do not use RMSE because the graded relevance and the estimated relevance have different scales from 0 to 2    , and from 0 to 1 respectively. The assumption 2 VERTICAL POSITION BIAS ASSUMPTION is modeled by 4 and 6. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This material is based on work supported in part by the Library of Congress and Department of Commerce under cooperative agreement number EEC-9209623    , in part by SPAWARSYSCEN-SD grant number N66001-99-1-8912    , and in part by the Advanced Research and Development Activity in Information Technology ARDA under its Statistical Language Modeling for Information Retrieval Research Program    , contract number MDA904-00-C-2106. S final = 1 |Q S | + 1  Q i ∈Q S S Q i  + S  1 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Here we provide information about the datasets used in this study    , how to perform feature normalization    , and the evaluation technique. However    , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists    , such as Participants P7 and P12. LSH INDEXING
The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. Experimental Design and Results
We want to address the following questions: 1. Language modeling
The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. Programming on the way from the dilettantism of a home-made 'trickology' 4 to a scientific discipline: this has been the general theme of many of the lectures by Dijkstra    , Hoare    , Dahl    , Perlis    , Brinch Hansen    , Randell    , Wirth    , Ershov    , Griffiths    , Gries and others 2. Instead    , we use these topics as well as vocabulary from related LIWC categories Linguistic Inquiry and Word Count; Tausczik and Pennebaker 2010 as inspiration to define concise lexicons for five different narratives identified through topic modeling Money    , Job    , Student    , Family    , Craving.   , n    , IMRank eventually converges to a self-consistent ranking within a finite number of iterations    , starting from any initial ranking. -.064
DISCUSSION & CONCLUSION
Our experiment aimed primarily to devise a multidimensional definition of 'alignment.' Experiment Design
Two datasets of movie ratings are used in our experiments: MovieRating 
and EachMovie 2 . These kinds of materials support in-depth knowledge of the field    , a creator    , or a genre; they also assist in developing theories regarding the relationships between creativity    , authorship and production. Whilst classic relevance ratings have viewed relevance in purely semantic terms    , it would appear that in practice users adjust their relevance judgements when considering other factors. The setup environment is composed of an LDF server    , a reverse proxy and different number of clients. However    , even if two different users both install the same app    , their interests or preferences related to that app may still be at different levels. Our approach called SemanticTyper is significantly different from approaches in past work in that we attempt to capture the distribution and hence characteristic properties of the data corresponding to a semantic label as a whole rather than extracting features from individual data values. The majority of the research and development effort up to the present has been concentrated on the design and implementation of an experimental testbed system for the data acquisition component. We manually looked through a couple of hundreds of these examples and grouped the problems into several clusters 
RELATED WORK
One well known annual benchmark in knowledge base question answering is Question Answering over Linked Data QALD    , started in 2011 
CONCLUSIONS AND FUTURE WORK
Our work showed that unstructured text resources can be effectively utilized for knowledge base question answering to improve query understanding    , candidate answer generation and ranking. Therefore    , by modeling both types of dependencies we see an additive effect    , rather than an absorbing effect. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method    , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. Most combinations contained multiple topics    , with the exception of easy/semantic    , easy/medium visual    , and very difficult/medium visual. In preliminary experiments we were able to achieve higher performance by using a different type of smoothing on the document models. 9 
 By selecting the mean squared error MSE as loss    , the loss function can be expressed as: 
min B  ,Θ ||B fWX − Y|| 2 + λ1 2 K k=1 ||β k − θ parentk || 2 + λ2 2 ||Θ|| 2 . However    , diaeerent research communities have associated diaeerent partially incompatiblee interpretations with the values returned from such score functions     , such astThe fuzzy set interpretation ë2    , 8ë    , the spatial interpretation originally used in text databases    , the metric interpetation ë9ë    , or the probabilistic interpretation underlying advanced information retrieval systems ë10ë. The shakwat group University of Paris 8 experimented with a random-walk approach using a space built using semantic indexing    , and containing the blog posts    , as well as the headlines    , in a window around the date of the topic. It achieves the goal by iteratively adjusting current ranking as follows: 
 Compute the ranking-based marginal influence spread of all nodes Mr with respect to the current ranking r; 
 4.2 Calculate ranking-based marginal influence spread 
 The core step in IMRank is the calculation of rankingbased marginal influence spread.   , models are built and applied on the same project    , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier    , while only random forest ranks in the first tier. The physician is interested in the immediate finding of articles where relevance is defined by the semantic similarity to some kind of prototype abstract delivered by the specialist. INTRODUCTION AND DATASET
 Ranking is a major concern to information retrieval applications such as document ranking on search engines. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . With a more quantitatively informed approach    , practitioners can select the most suitable experimental design to minimize the benchmark's run time for any desired level of accuracy. The new successive higher-order window representations then are fed into LSTM Section 2.2. Although the experiment included only six topics    , which made it feasible to increase the number of test subjects    , fruitful data was collected on the characteristics of topics. These synonyms are obtained from WordNet 
CrossEntp    , q = − px logqx 9 
where p is the true distribution one-hot vector representing characters in the tweet and q is the output of the softmax. One of the main obstacles to effective performance of the classical probabilistic models has been precisely the challenge of estimating the relevance model. Finally    , we select the state with the largest expected number of steps in word items as the next item g |G|+1 in BCDRW ranking: 
g |G|+1 = argmax n i=|G|+1 vi 25 
 Note that    , in each iteration we need to compute the fundamental matrix 20    , which is expensive. Hence    , connectivity-based unsupervised classifiers offer a viable solution for cross and within project defect predictions. For example    , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. Their power of reasoning depends on the expressivity of such representation: an ontology provided with complex TBox axioms can act as a valuable support for the representation and the evaluation of a deep knowledge about the domain it represents. First    , with similar query times    , the query-directed probing sequence requires significantly fewer hash tables than the step-wise probing sequence.   , learning to rank for Microblog retrieval and answer reranking for Question Answering. Single dimension with no hierarchies
 In this case the subcube C b consists of a onedimensional array of T real-values. Continued growth depends on understanding the creative motivations and challenges inherent in this industry    , but the lack of collections focused on game development documentation is stifling academic progress. Since our focus is on type prediction     , we employ retrieval models used in the recent work by Kim et al. The correlation between Qrels-based measures and Trelsbased measures is extremely high. Evaluation
Using the semantic relevance measure    , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. Length Longer requests are significantly correlated with success. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method    , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. Component Scoring
Relevance scores for general interest    , specific interest    , and context are computed separately for each candidate suggestion. It uses dynamic programming to compute optimal alignment between two sequences of characters. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski    , Oula Heikkinen    , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. The Map class supports dynamic programming in the Volcano-Mapper    , for instance  because goals are only solved once and the solution physical plan stored. In order to find the best parameters    , we tried different λ values for each σ value in the range of 
Experimental Results on the Test Query Set
 In this section    , we present the evaluation results of our approaches on the TREC 2008 query topics. The Clarke-Tax approach ensures that users have no incentive to lie about their true intentions. Empirical studies have shown that our new weighting scheme can be incorporated to improve the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method substantially under many different configurations. For each blog entry b    , the sentiments towards a movie are summarized using a vector of the posterior probabilities of the hidden sentiment factors    , P z|b. , yN  ∈ R K×N 
1 
where W and B need to be optimized in the subsequent transfer deep learning procedures. Besides its advantages in learning efficiency and accuracy    , our approach has one other important benefit specific to the Web. For the QALD experiments described later    , we annotated the query using DBpedia Spotlight 
SPARQL Generation: This component creates 
the final SPARQL query using information provided by above two steps. Using MCMC    , we queried for the probability of an individual being a ProblemLoan. We conjecture that the larger amount least information is needed to explain a term's probability in a document vs. in the collection    , the more heavily the term should be weighted to represent the document 
LI Binary LIB Model
 In the binary model    , a term either occurs or does not occur in a document. Moreover    , in U    , no variable is needed for the second parameter which remains constant under recursion. We are currently working on folding in our classifier module into a web-scale crawler. Shannon adopted the same log measure when he established the average information-transmitting capacity of a discrete channel    , which he called the entropy    , by analogy with formulae in thermodynamics. Extensive experiments on our datasets demonstrated that our TDCM model can accurately explain the user behavior in QAC. MKLSH 
Experimental Results
We now present the performance evaluation results on the data sets. Specifically    , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. Our techniques highlight the importance of low-level computer vision features and demonstrate the power of certain semantic features extracted using deep learning. To obtain the ontology    , we explored the semantic distributions in the domain of personal photos by mining frequent tags from active users in Flickr. Each of these macro parts can be changed independently. Leading into TREC 2007 it was empirically determined that the models based on grouping questions by answer types was most effective     , and so was the configuration used for the TREC 2007 test set. 7 we evaluate our initial implementation on the QALD-4 benchmark and conclude in Sect. , F1 score < 1. CONCLUSION AND FUTURE WORK
In this paper    , we proposed a novel probabilistic model for blog opinion retrieval. As discussed    , the LIB quantity is similar in spirit to IDF inverse document frequency whereas LIF can be seen as a means to normalize TF term frequency. Experimental design and conditions
The results of the study raises methodological questions with regard to the specification of the interactive task and the topics. , 
Four Subject Systems
 We synthesized design spaces and compared static predictions with dynamic results for four subject systems. Participants were recruited through advertisements in the staff and student mailing lists of Alfred Hospital    , and Melbourne University. Next    , we used Alchemy 2 to generatively learn the weights of our base MLN using the evidence data. Our hypothesis was that a cluster of documents that shared a tag should be more similar than a randomly selected set of documents. REFERENCES In the future    , we plan to extend our work to the more open setup    , similar to the QALD hybrid task    , where questions no longer have to be answered exclusively from the KB. Next    , we presented techniques for extracting researcher names and research interests from their homepages. We then present four simple experimental designs that cover a range of benchmarking setups    , including " live " benchmarks and carefully controlled experiments    , and derive their standard errors. This implies in particular that standard techniques from statistics can be applied for questions like model tting    , model combination    , and complexity control. In some conditions    , subjects were shown a set of suggested tags for each movie the common practice in online tagging communities    , while in a control condition    , no suggested tags were presented. Overall Approach
We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. Related Work
There is a growing interest in the development of text applications using DBMS technology. This means in practice that a person uses approximately a day to finalize the work. We split the document into paragraphs or sentences and rank them according to an estimate of relevance to the query. Since all the successful patches pass the provided test cases    , it is challenging to select more or less acceptable patches systematically. This type of dependence covers phrases    , term proximity    , and term co-occurrence 
SIGIR 2007 Proceedings Session 13: Formal Models 
after query expansion. Decoder
The decoder operates on the encoded representation with two layers of LSTMs. The probabilistic retrieval model is attractive because it provides a theoretical foundation for the retrieval operation which takes into account the notion of document relevance. EXPERIMENTS
We evaluated our model using two classification tasks: Tweet semantic relatedness and Tweet sentiment classifica- tion. He found the logarithm of the number of distinguishable states of the storage device to be intuitively acceptable and that    , when he I used it    , it worked. Language modeling with relevance model RM2 
dbpWISTUD 
 This run integrated background knowledge from DBpedia and applied the semantic enrichment strategies described in Section 2.2.   , " oooooooooh " or " aaaaaaah " . Although the methods resemble each other in many ways    , the differences are evident. To the best of our knowledge    , ours is the first attempt at learning and applying character-level tweet embeddings . This approach leads to equations 
λ δ = argmax i P R|q δ     , λ i  λ γ = argmax i P R|q γ     , λ i  
that show how the probability of R is conditioned both by the model λ i and by the state sequence of the global or optimal paths. Experimental Design 
To evaluate PAR    , we collected 119 real bugs from open source projects as shown in 
Subject 
B. RQ1: Fixability 
¨ 
C. RQ2: Acceptability 
In this section    , we measure the acceptability of patches generated by PAR and GenProg. The experiment simulates real-world tasks in a real-world interface. In the second stage    , for the identification of the facet inclination of a given feed    , the IowaS group used sentiment classifiers and various heuristics for ranking posts according to each facet. Displaying query term information in the hit list as well as highlighting best passages and query terms in documents    , assisted users in making relevance judgements for the simple topics but they were less helpful on their own for the more complex topics where searchers had to engage with the content. 4. Arguably    , this serves as a reasonable ground truth as references from these papers were deemed relevant to the paper by the expert authors who chose to cite them. In order to deepen our understanding of interactive searching and its evaluation    , a typology of search topics needs to be developed. , cosine similarity and Pearson correlation. Moreover    , it is worth noticing that    , since the search strategy and the application context are independent from each other    , it is possible to easily re-use and experiment strategies developed in other disciplines    , e.g. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. Finally     , if the effective number of particles �ωt� −2 2 falls below a threshold we stochastically replicate each particle based on its normalized weight. , w k p  is given by w k = K −1/2 e k S . CONCLUSIONS
In this paper    , we propose to establish an automatic conversation system between humans and computers. Overall    , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. Rule definition
The rule definition module is a modular tool which offers a language for rule programming and a rule programming interface for dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. Whereas LIF well supported recall    , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin    , particularly in terms of purity    , precision    , and rand index. Suppose a modeller or domain expert is developing a tourism ontology and has to figure out the relation between the classes Campground and RuralArea. It is the same engine that was used for previous TREC participations e.g. LIB+LIF: To weight a term    , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. Volcano uses a non-interleaved strategy with a transformation-based enumerator. In summary    , the ARSA model mainly comprises two components . There are many different schemes for choosing Δλ. The user interface is designed by first applying a conceptual design method. The result is that the probabilistic model has been important mainly for providing solid foundations for much of the information retrieval work rather than as a practical tool in experimental or operational situations. We found that the notion of 'alignment' used by the teachers was both qualitatively and quantitatively different when they were searching for aligned curriculum themselves vs. judging alignment suggestions identified by others. Here our new least information model departs from the classic measure of information as reduction of uncertainty entropy. KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels    , evaluate their mAP values on the training set    , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value. Specifically    , participants described the increasing need for knowledge about experimental design    , statistical reasoning    , and data collection. These biases manifest through two characteristics of the language used to describe someone: the specificity of the description    , and the use of words that reveal sentiment toward the target individual. Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding. When a new note is saved    , it is displayed in the notebook lower right in 
THE STUDY DESIGN
To assess the value of TaskSieve's task modeling features    , an experimental study was performed using a full-fledged version of TaskSieve i.e. The first is TDT 
Experimental Design
Three sets of experiments are performed in our study. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
 Amazon Mechanical Turk MTurk is an online labor market in which requesters can post small jobs    , referred to as human intelligence tasks or HITs    , along with specified payments for completing each HIT. EMPIRICAL EVALUATION
In this section we conduct a set of empirical studies to extensively evaluate the performance of our time-dependent query semantic similarity model. As shown in 
SIGIR 2007 Proceedings Session 25: Combination and Fusion 
Comparison with alternative methods
To verify that the sentiment information captured by the S-PLSA model plays an important role in box office revenue prediction    , we compare ARSA with two alternative methods which do not take sentiment information into consideration. The advantage of the vector space computation is that it is simpler and faster. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. Different LSH families can be used for different distance functions D. Families for Jaccard measure    , Hamming distance     , 1 and 2 are known 
h a  ,b v = j a · v + b W k 
 where a is a d-dimensional random vector with entries chosen independently from a p-stable distribution and b is a real number chosen uniformly from the range 
Basic LSH Indexing
 Using a family of LSH functions H    , we can construct indexing data structures for similarity search. To this end    , a qualitative and two preliminary quantitate evaluations have been carried out. This model enables the analytical development of experimental designs with different engineering and efficiency tradeoffs. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large    , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. Search terms can easily be highlighted in found documents if they are presented using the internal representation; otherwise some word-by-word positional mapping back to the original may be needed. Where applicable    , both F-Measures pessimistic and re-weighted are reported. The AgileViews framework 
Tasks 
Different tasks require different kinds of search strategies    , systems    , and UIs 
METHOD 
 There are tradeoffs between pure experimental betweensubjects  and repeated measure within-subject user studies. The relevance judgments are supplied in a format amenable to TREC evaluation . Nonetheless    , our findings present a compelling case for recognizing the deeply social nature of learning and the importance of social media for inspiring learning around new topics through social connections. To remain focused    , we use a single representative for each family of approaches: Random Forest 3-step for classification and Random Forests for ranking. However    , these positive opportunities have a sinister counterpart: large-scale " crowdturfing    , " wherein masses of cheaply paid shills can be organized to spread malicious URLs in social media    , form artificial grassroots campaigns  " astroturf "     , and manipulate search engines. Drop-Out: we concatenate q0 with the whole context while leave-one-out each context sentence    , one at a time    , i.e. A sensitivity question is whether this approach generates a larger candidate set than the other approaches or not. It is believed that there is no further sophistication to this representation    , but within the confines of the investigation    , it was not possible to determine this for certain~. DANGEROUS 
Sequentialization and the Danger of Destruction 
The transition schemes between certain recursive and certain iterative notations show that the one form is as good as the other    , apart from its appearance. Note that    , conditioned on the activity function at    , the second term is constant. Because the communicative context appears to mitigate the occurance of bias especially in the case of LIB   , Wikipedia vs. IMDb. This model is then converted into a vector representation as mentioned above. The objectives of our experiments are to 1 evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed deep learning-to-respond schema    , and 2 evaluate contextual reformulation strategies and components of multidimension of ranking evidences for the conversational task. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. For evaluation purposes    , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. We propose three aspects context coherence    , selection clarity and reference relevance for measuring context quality    , detecting noisy selections    , and computing the relevance of a reference concept    , respectively. The instance gets projected as a point in this multi-dimensional space. However the Q matrix is reduced by one row and one column in every iteration     , otherwise is unchanged. Pairs chosen should have the following properties:  Spread of sites: If a certain population of sites are of interest    , a representative spread of sites should be included in the evaluation. 3 Information hiding/unhiding by folding tree branches. Note that F w is a sum of a finite number of strongly convex and smooth functions and Rw is a general convex function that is non-differentiable. The support vector machine then learns the hyperplane that separates the positive and negative training instances with the highest margin. A typical HIT might involve translating a paragraph of text    , labeling an image    , or completing a survey. Based on this idea    , an optimization approach is developed to efficiently search for a weighting scheme. To the former we owe the concept of a relevance model: a language model representative of a class of relevant documents. Automatic evaluation of tag suggestion engines is also critical to building effective systems. Fusion of LIB & LIF
While LIB uses binary term occurrence to estimate least information a document carries in the term    , LIF measures the amount of least information based on term frequency. Resolution was set to 1024x768. We have shown very competitive results relative to the LETOR-provided baseline models. The method is based on: i a semantic relevance function acting as a kernel to discover the semantic affinities of heterogeneous information items    , and ii an asymmetric vector projection model on which semantic dependency graphs among information items are built and representative elements of these graphs can be selected. Sine~ each node consists of only 24 bytes and the top-down search is closer to a depth-first search than a breadth-first search    , the amount of space required by the hierarchy n·odes is not excessive. Studies may range from experimental evaluations testing particular system features to large-scale surveys on users and usage patterns. Our method can not only discover topic milestone papers discussed in previous work    , but also explore venue milestone papers and author milestone papers.   , for language modeling 44 and collaborative ltering 55. Section 5 reports our experimental results. Negative experiences in using RaPiD7 exist    , too. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. 
Dα = {γ1    , γ2} = {π1    , π2    , π3    , π4    , π5    , π6}    , 
with α > 0.2. The noise in the content may create errors while doing document retrieval thus drastically reducing the precision of retrieval. This transcription was designated " B2 " in the official NIST TREC-8 SDR documentation and " B1 " in the corresponding TREC-9 SDR documentation. We have presented experimental results showing that HearSay can be used for " hands-free " audio browsing    , although improvements in speed and accuracy are needed. But these tools were not consistent in terms of software design    , implementation language or user interface. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is    , however    , significant. This can be perceived from results already. This lack of relationship between sentiment and success may be a masking effect    , due to the correlation between positive sentiment and other variables like reciprocity Pearson correlation coefficient r = .08 and word length r = .10. Experiments showed that methods with the LIB quantity were more effective in terms of within-cluster accuracy e.g. Using the training blog entries    , we train an S-PLSA model. dmax equals to the largest indegree among all nodes when l = 1. For some scenarios    , our strategies yield provably optimal plans; for others the strategies are heuristic ones. Previous studies of linguistic bias have involved manually annotating textual descriptions of people by LCM categories 
We measure the above properties in various ways    , and using appropriate statistical models    , compare their use in IMDb biographies across actor race and gender. Finally    , we assessed our random forest model Sec. Experiment Design: This study used a within-subject design. Because linguistic biases are mitigated by the communicative context    , we might expect collaborative biographies created in a more anonymous communication environment     , such as IMDb    , to suffer less from linguistic bias    , where the social identity of the biography's subject is the primary trigger for LIB and LEB. , model-based and model-free approaches 
Transfer Deep Learning
Deep learning began emerging as a new area of machine learning research in 2006 
ONTOLOGY FOR PERSONAL PHOTOS
We propose to design an ontology for personal photos    , since the vocabulary of general Web images is often too large and not specific to personal photos. Since expertise in both ontology design and the relevant domain are required to populate and maintain ontologies    , semantic web projects have faced the dilemma of either hiring expensive " double experts " highly-skilled in both ontology design and the relevant domain or face inevitable data and user sparseness 
EXPERIMENTAL SETUP
The objective of our experiments is twofold.   , QDrop-Out = {q0    , q0 
DEEP LEARNING TO RESPOND
 In this section    , we describe the deep model for query-reply ranking and merging. Its design has been influenced by our earlier work on the XXL language for XML IR 
The SphereSearch Engine is fully implemented in Java using Oracle10g as an underlying data manager . propose a simpler yet more effective solution for image embedding 
ZERO-SHOT IMAGE TAGGING
Problem Statement
 Given an unlabeled image    , the goal of zero-shot image tagging is to automatically tag the image with labels that have no training examples available. We compare the weighted memory-based approach by incorporating our weighting scheme to standard memory-based approach including the Pearson Correlation Coefficient PCC method    , the Vector Similarity VS method    , the Aspect Model AM    , and the Personality Diagnosis PD method. 2. Our models produced state-of-the-art results on TREC 2007 Blog Distillation dataset. , 'book jacket' and 'dust cover'. The workshops are well prepared    , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. We use this measure in a similar way to the authors in 
Homogeneity
Another important measure of the social diversity of a place is the extent to which its visitors are homogeneous in their characteristics . Introduction
Images are semantic instruments for capturing aspects of the real world    , and form a vital part of the scientific record for which words are no substitute. If the structure exceeds w entries    , then CyCLaDEs removes the entry with the oldest timestamp. character and word n-grams extracted from CNN can be encoded into a vector representation using LSTM that can embed the meaning of the whole tweet. We formulate    , test    , and provide experimental data in support of three driving hypotheses: This section summarizes the design and execution of our experiment    , the data we collected    , its interpretation    , and our results    , which include novel findings regarding these metrics. Similar to the click modeling for document retrieval    , this sumption explains why top ranked queries receive more clicks even though they are not necessarily relevant to the given prefix. We measure mainly the hit-ratio; the fraction of queries answered by the decentralized cache. In our study    , we choose cosine similarity due to its simplicity. Language modeling with relevance model RM2 
dbpWISTUD 
 This run integrated background knowledge from DBpedia and applied the semantic enrichment strategies described in Section 2.2. Estimating £ ¤ § © in a typical retrieval environment is difficult because we have no training data: we are given a query    , a large collection of documents and no indication of which documents might be relevant. All 24 out of 24 QALD-4 queries    , with all there syntactic variations    , were correctly fitted in NQS    , giving a high sensitivity to structural variation. The prediction of character at each time step is given by: 
P Ct|· = sof tmaxTt    , ht−1 
8 
where Ct refers to the character at time-step t    , Tt represents the one-hot vector of the character at time-step t. The result from the softmax is a decoded tweet matrix T dec     , which is eventually compared with the actual tweet or a synonymreplaced version of the tweet explained in Section 3 for learning the parameters of the model. The random forest classifier appears in the first rank. INTRODUCTION
Advances in information retrieval have long been driven by evaluation campaigns using standardized collections of data-sets    , query workloads    , and most importantly    , result relevance judgments. Additionally    , there is the WebSeer retrieval system by 
Experimental design 
In order to evaluate the effectiveness of an IR system based on tbe Dunlop model    , a test collection was created. For low similarity thresholds or very skewed distributions of document lengths    , however    , LSH remains the method-of-choice as it provides the most versatile and tunable toolkit for high-dimensional similarity search. The bi-directional LSTM has 128 hidden units for each dimension ; CNN is 256 dimensional with a window size of 3. We wrap up with related work and conclusions. Initialization. If entries of the Y matrix are unavailable    , under a missing completely at random MCAR assumption we can sample them in each iteration of the MCMC procedure using Equation 1    , and then use the equation above at prediction time. We achieved convergence around 300 trees    , We also optimized the percentage of features to be considered as candidates during node splitting    , as well as the maximum allowed number of leaf nodes. However    , this resulted in severe overfitting . As of now we do not perform any person specific disambiguation however one could treat acknowledged persons as coauthors and use random forest based author disambiguation 
Searching and Ranking
AckSeer provides a search interface to access millions of acknowledged entities that were extracted from more than 500  ,000 papers and books. For all models we found that 100 steps of gradient descent was enough to reach convergence. – We evaluate our approach by extending LDF client with CyCLaDEs. , πn is the value of the g minus the tax numeraire    , given by: uic = vig − πi. Given a human-issued message as the query    , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. Deep Learning with Bottom-Up Transfer
To ensure good generalization abilities in transfer learning    , a shared middle-level feature abstraction is first learned in an unsupervised pre-training and a supervised fine-tuning from both the source and target domains    , in which W is optimized. It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. The final output of the forest is a weighted sum of the class distributions output by all of the trees in the forest. Sparck Jones and Van Rijsbergen Sparck Jones 76/ suggest that the ideal collection should: q be large    , i.e. Even though NLP components are still being improved by emerging techniques like deep learning    , the quality of existing components is sufficient to work on the semantic level – one level of abstraction up from surface text. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. These three input parameters have already been introduced before. The encoder consists of convolutional layers to extract features from the characters and an LSTM layer to encode the sequence of features to a vector representation    , while the decoder consists of two LSTM layers which predict the character at each time step from the output of encoder. We assume independence between lemmas . In addition    , the factor representation obtained by PLSA allows to deal with polysemous words and to explicitly distinguish between diierent meanings and diierent t ypes of word usage. The paper is organized as follows: Section 2 discusses possible alternatives for adding types and functions to a DBMS by concentrating on the alternatives: static types versus dynamic types. INTRODUCTION
Stemming is one of many tools used in information retrieval to combat the vocabulary mismatch problem    , in which query words do not match document words. Also    , when the standardised server is in place real    , strongly typed links via dynamic linking or interpretation could profitably be considered. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces    , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. A version of the corpus is annotated with various linguistic information such as part-of-speech    , morphology    , UMLS semantic classes. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. Different from the traditional PLSA 
RELATED WORK
Sentiment Mining
Most existing work on sentiment mining sometimes also under the umbrella of opinion mining focuses on determining the semantic orientations of documents. 2 Hierarchical tree structure in an overall graph structure: ideal for representing content models. RELATED WORK
The results of Gray et al. Our first naive approach was to use WordNet 
Experimental design
Our fundamental approach was to group documents that share tags into clusters and then compare the similarity of all documents within a cluster. The two are related quantities with different focuses. To prove the applicability of our technique    , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. On the news recommendation front    , we report the results of a study involving 176 users; our tree-based classifier required few training examples and significantly outperformed a state-of-the-art classifier the support vector machine in terms of both speed and accuracy applied to either traditional or tree-structured features. CONCLUSIONS AND FUTURE WORK
We have described the design and implementation of HearSay    , an audio Web browser system. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. As rather conventional data structures are provided to program these functions no " trick programming " is required and as dynamic storage allocation and de-allocation is done via dedicated allocation routines /KKLW87/    , this risk seems to be tolerable. Note that the variance is inversely proportional to the number of ratings so as the number of ratings increases the model becomes increasingly more certain in the preferences decreasing the variance. First    , the basic Skip-gram model is extended by inserting a softmax layer    , in order to add the word sentiment polarity. Image tagging aims to automatically assign concepts to images and has been studied intensively in the past decade    , while transfer deep learning has drawn a great deal of attention recently with the success of deep learning techniques. CONCLUSIONS
 This paper investigated a framework of Multi-Kernel Locality- Sensitive Hashing by exploring multiple kernels for efficient and scalable content-based image retrieval. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. Thus to study the issue of user personalization we make use of our rating and review data see 
Features
Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 
TRAINING
Since we have defined a probability associated with the presence or absence of each relationship    , we can proceed by maximizing the likelihood of an observed relationship set R. In order to do so we randomly select a negative set Q = {rij|rij / ∈ R} such that |Q| = |R| and optimize the log likelihood lY  ,c|R    , Q = Learning then proceeds by optimizing lY  ,c|R    , Q over both Y and c which we achieve by gradient ascent. The accurate celebrity subgraph has a total of 835    , 117    , 954    , or about 835 million    , directed edges in it which is actually a non-negligible fraction of edges in Twitter's social graph. The resulting tokens are then normalised via case folding. Are ties effective for enhancing the performance of the ranking functions  ? The coefficients co and cl are estimated through the maximization of a likelihood function L    , built in the usual fashion     , i.e. Introduction
Various types of user studies can support the design and evaluation of digital libraries. This metric is computed for the two main activities of posting updates tweets and mentioning others. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. On Persons 1    , the three curves are near -coincidental    , while in the case of ACM-DBLP    , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence    , two curves are coincidental. To compare data    , using the concept of provenance from 
We are currently working on annotating the experimental data using concepts from ProPreO and GlycO 
RELATED WORK
There has been increased activity in development and integration of ontologies. CONCLUSIONS
 In this paper    , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. Ultimately we used 92 bilingual aspects from 33 topics    , including 3 Chinese aspects that could only be used as training data for English aspect classification because each of them had only 4 segments. It is the length of the projection of one vector onto the other unit vector. All the classifiers are implemented with random forest classification model    , which was reported as the best classification model in CCR. As a result    , the precision/recall values are much lower than the results of human evaluation. Data augmentation    , in our context    , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. This is desirable for those applications where users care more about hot spots in the data set. The first factor    , subject culture    , had two values: American and Chinese. PARC had developed a number of experimental software development tools and office tools based on the Alto personal computer 
The experimental office tools were the result of several research projects that had produced extensive userinterface design knowledge. Furthermore    , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. , models are built and applied on the same project    , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier    , while only random forest ranks in the first tier. The term discrimination model has been criticised because it does not exhibit well substantiated theoretical properties. Note that search engine operations such as stemming and case-folding may preclude highlighting by re-scanning the retrieved documents for the search terms. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index    , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. We use a between-groups design with participants randomly assigned to one of three experimental conditions:  Group Gexp high : this experimental group receives highquality query suggestions in the training phase which were predicted to be e↵ective in the user perceptions study Section 4.2. That partial structure is added as the first entry to the queue of partial structures. The accuracy and effectiveness of our model have been confirmed by the experiments on the movie data set. To compute the similarity weights w i  ,k between users ui and u k     , several similarity measures can be adopted    , e.g. In the course of this development    , the knowledge representation structures called templates were defined and adopted as the basic building-blocks for representing linguistic and extralinguistic knowledge. We then refine this and predict which pinboard is used    , if the category chosen by the user is known. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
 As discussed above    , the standard design used in systembased IR evaluations is the repeated-measures design. Using these constraints    , we calculate the model parameters Θ with maximizing the log-likelihood log L in Equation 9. This is done using stochastic gradient descent. Group G exp low : this experimental group receives highquality query suggestions in the training phase which were predicted to be ine↵ective in the user perceptions study Section 4.2. Experiments
In this section we describe our experimental design for the collection of preference judgements. Section 4 describes the results of experiments. Implicit User Social Relationships
As mentioned in Section 1    , all the social recommendation approaches need to utilize the additional explicit user social information    , which may limit the impact and utilization of these approaches. Finally    , the time complexity of IMRank is OnT dmax log dmax    , where T is the number of iterations IMRank takes before convergence. Section 4 defines CyCLaDEs model. Many methods are available to optimize the objective function above. Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semi-structured Data
The probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S 
P F k ∈F PM w|F k PM F k  
1 
Here    , PM w|Fj is calculated by dividing the number of occurrences for term w by total term counts in the field Fj across the whole collection. Multimodality is the capability of fusing and presenting heterogeneous data    , such as audio    , video and text    , from multiple information sources    , such as the Internet and TV. Specifically    , we use Clickture as " labeled " data for semantic queries and train the ranking model. All D-Lib articles are written in HTML. For tagging with batch-mode    , it took three seconds for a photo collection of 200 photos 800*600 pixels . Evaluation of the Implementation
 Because our approach extracts reference linking and bibliographic data automatically from widely variable sources    , it cannot be expected that the data will be 100% accurate. To encourage diversity in those replicated particles    , we select a small number of documents 10 in our implementation from the recent 1000 documents    , and do a single MCMC sweep over them    , and then finally reset the weight of each particle to uniform. To avoid underflow and multiplication by zero    , we employ log-likelihood instead of likelihood: 
LogLikelihoodeScw|D f w  = w∈Scw ln P w|D f w  
 To reward similar words in at least one model of sentence likelihood as before    , we use a second    , more relaxed model of the loglikelihood of D generating S as a high-coreness sentence as follows: 
LogLikelihoodrScw|D f w  = w 1 ∈Scw ln max w 2 ∈D f w relw1    , w2 · P w2|D f w  
This second model introduces the lexical relw1    , w2 function into the formula in order to value words that are not present in the domain standards but are similar or related to words that are present. |   | 1 ^       l y l l Test x R r L MAE l − = ∑ 9 
where Test L denotes the number of the test ratings. This method only requires function evaluations    , not derivatives. Parameter q specifies the sentiment information from how many preceding days are considered    , and K indicates the number of hidden sentiment factors used by S-PLSA to represent the sentiment information. TOPIC RELATED OPINION RETRIEVAL
Blog post opinion retrieval aims at developing an effective retrieval function that ranks blog posts according to the likelihood that they are expressing an opinion about a particular topic. Finally    , to predict the ratings for the test user    , we will simply add the weights to the standard memory-based approach.   , Quasi-Newton optimization method in this paper.  F 1 -measure: the weighted harmonic mean of precision and recall. However    , the experimental design also created a context for studying and comparing the behavior and judgment of users as they themselves search for aligned documents vs.how they act when evaluating the alignment of document/standard pairs suggested by others. The Combined Model
 The CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model draws on the intuition that the sequence of features e.g. In addition    , given that we allow users to freely enter additional tags    , we can use that information to improve TagAssist. Here a candidate path is a path from vs or vt to an intermediate vertex that follows the appropriate pattern. A guiding principle for us was that relevance of a topic should not be just based on individual terms or keywords    , such as genes or diseases    , but rather it should take into account the subject of the whole document. We are interested in answering the question about the space requirements    , search time and search quality trade-offs for different LSH methods. CONCLUSIONS
We discussed a model of retrieval that bridges a gap between the classical probabilistic models of information retrieval    , and the emerging language modeling approaches. It is therefore common practice in information retrieval and multimedia databases to use numeric scores in the interval ë0  ,1ë to model user interests ë6    , 5    , 7ë. Therefore    , the probability that emotion e k will be assigned to the i th comment can be estimated as below    , 
P e k |ci    , ui = expα k + N E l=1 β lk c il + N E l=1 γ lk u il  N E r=1 expαr + N E l=1 β lr c il + N E l=1 γ lr u il  
where α    , β and γ denote the combination parameters for bias    , the source of comments content and the source of emotion tags of news articles respectively. *; : Surrogate s = new Surrogate  url ; s.save; 
The application produces a repository of surrogates    , which represents    , and adds value to    , the D-Lib on-line journal. The SC-Recall came out to be 96.68 %. In addition    , once elaborate and precise ontologies have been created they often lack users to maintain them over time. There are two methods of measuring variable importance in a random forest: by Gini importance and by permutation importance. Model Formulation
 Based on the assumptions defined above    , in this section we propose a Two-Dimensional Click Model TDCM to explain the observed clicks. A. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 
RELATED WORK
 Prior research on two topics directly inform our study: 1 identification of core concepts in educational digital library resources    , and 2 automatic computation of semantic similarity between short text fragments. For a value of a property    , the likelihood probability is calculated as P 'value | pref erred based on the frequency count table of that column. Demand for Experimentation. We will show the effectiveness of our proposed method in the experimental section. The assumption is reasonable given the patterns of acknowledgments described in the introduction. Variable importance is a measurement of how much influence an attribute has on the prediction accuracy. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals    , regardless of other individuals choices. The first is the object model of an E-commerce system adopted from Lau and Czarnecki 
Planning and Execution
Our experimental procedure involved the synthesis of both design spaces of database alternatives and several abstract loads in a variety of sizes for each subject system. For the entropybased LSH method    , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. Accordingly    , objects {g    , h    , i    , j    , k    , l    , m} are grouped into the second cluster . , 
κ = m l=1 1 m κ l     , 
 and adopts this combined kernel for KLSH. They did not diversify the ranking of blog posts. We have a concept occurrence    , also called a " semantic hit "     , when a paragraph contains an inflection of a question's concept or an entity with the same semantic category of the Question Focus Each occurrences is weighted according to the associated semantic slot and all weights are added up to obtain a score for each paragraph. The subjects of the pilot experiment did not participate in the actual experiment. Another possible direction for future work is to use S-PLSA as a tool to help track and monitor the changes and trends in sentiments expressed online. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function    , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. Note that while reputation is a function of past activities of an identity    , trustworthiness is a prediction for the future. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. Then the fitting problem is solved with a dynamic programming procedure    , which finds the segmentation such that rankings inside all bins are predicted most accurately. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. Next    , we calculate the probability of being positive or negative regarding each topic    , P pos|z and P neg|z using pseudo-training images    , assuming that all other candidates images than pseudo positive images are negative samples. Two documents are -indistinguishable to a search engine S with respect to a query q if the search engine finds both documents to be equally relevant to the query within the tolerance of its ranking function. CyCLaDEs source code is available at: https://github.com/pfolz/cyclades 3 . The measurements were taken at five levels of minimum confidence    , and they are shown in 
We consider the results to be a positive indication that the predictive model is not over fitting the training data. An example for our CQA intent classification task may be {G : 0.3    , CQA : 0.7}    , which means that the forest assessment of an input query is that it is a general Web query G with 30% probability    , and a CQA query CQA with 70% probability. Therefore    , the running time of IMRank is affordable. Introduction 
Over the last years    , the Marktoberdorf Summer School has been a place where people tried to uncover the mysteries of programming. Related Models
The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. To accomplish this    , we extract various features from a user's geotagged photos posted online. Reusing existing GROUP BY optimization logic can yield an efficient PIVOT implementation without significant changes to existing code. The first portion computes the new outcome that would have been the societal if user i's values had been ignored and then computes the social utility for such an outcome. These categories are:  REL/RETR-relevant documents retrieved above the cut- off  NON/RETR-non-relev8llt documents retrieved above the cutoff  REL/NON-relevant documents not retrieved above the 'cutoff 
What the results in 
The incrementing of document scores in this way is ba.sed on a probabilistic model of retrieval described in Croft's paper.   , the numberof times w occurred in d. I t i s w orth noticing that an equivalent symmetric version of the model can be obtained by i n verting the conditional probability P zjd with the help of Alternating 5 with 68 deenes a convergent procedure that approaches a local maximum of the logglikelihood in 3. In our particular case this rating is represented by behavior of users on every page they both visit. Moreover    , our created lexicon outperforms the competitive counterpart on emotion classification task. In the 
a b 
Profile size = 5 Profile size = 30 
Conclusion and Future Work
In this paper    , we presented CyCLaDEs    , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. In general    , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~    , 
 N~N6w K log k N~ 6' K  + N.zXlog 4     , e     , 4 
with respect to all parameters   ,I   ,    , ~    , r. The normalization ensures that each document gets the same weight irrespective of its length; 0 < c~ < 1 has to be specified a priori. We base our choice of experimental conditions on the reported perceptions of queries to reflect H2 and we reduced the number of tasks to six in an e↵ort to counteract the fatigue e↵ect observed in the pilot. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. Similar results hold when using the fraction of sentences with positive/negative sentiment    , thresholded versions of those features    , other sentiment models and lexicons LIWC as well as emoticon detectors. Procedures and Experimental Design
The study was conducted in the Human-Computer Interaction Lab at the University of Maryland at College Park UMD. Since each Ik has an upper bound i.e. Asian cultures emphasize the fundamental relatedness of individuals to each other    , with a focus on living harmoniously with others 
Cultural differences in online communities 
 As computing and communication technologies have spread around the world    , researchers have studied cultural differences in technology use. Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input    , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. The topics are categorised into a number of different categories    , including: easy/hard topic " difficulty "     , semantic/visual topic " visuality "     , and geographic/general 
Procedure
The study was implemented online    , and was distributed to staff and students at the University of Sheffield    , UK as well as via social media. EXPERIMENTS AND RESULTS
In this section    , we conduct a series of experiments to validate our major claims on the TDCM model. Thus    , D S is identified by its CCD and all the linking candidates D T for this dataset are found in its cluster    , following our working hypothesis. The MG system only recognizes place names if the probability given by the Random Forest classifier for the class " match " is higher than a minimum threshold the minimum confidence level. IMRank: iterative framework
IMRank aims to find a self-consistent ranking from any initial ranking. The encoding procedure can be summarized as: 
H conv = CharCN N T  6 ht = LST M gt    , ht−1 7 
where g = H conv is an extracted feature matrix where each row can be considered as a time-step for the LSTM and ht is the hidden representation at time-step t. LSTM operates on each row of the H conv along with the hidden vectors from previous time-step to produce embedding for the subsequent time-steps. The basic premise behind the dynamic programming formulation is that we can decompose the set of tuples T into two subsets T and T − T     , find the optimal solution for each of them separately and combine them to get the final answer for the full set T . This would require extending the described techniques    , and creating new QA benchmarks. After that    , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. They include the number of hidden sentiment factors in S-PLSA    , K    , and the orders of the ARSA model    , p and q. This has been done in a heuristic fashion in the past    , and may have stifled the performance of classical probabilistic approaches. h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h APPROACH QUERY DOCTOR BOOK CRY PLAYGROUND BEDTIME 
Conclusion
 Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design    , and they do not have single    , clear semantics. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH. Professionals
 In total 48 professionals from 18 companies in 10 countries participated in the experiment by completing the online questionnaire 
Preparation
 Prior to the experiment we conducted a pilot run to evaluate the experimental design and the experiment materials. She loads the OWL file in OntoPartS    , and proceeds to select two entities to be related    , as shown in 
Preliminary Experimental Assessment of OntoPartS
The main objectives of the experiments are to assess usability of the tool and to validate the hypothesis that the use of automated guidelines assists with representation of part-whole relations between classes during the ontology design phase such that it can be done more efficiently and with less errors. Research in 978-1-4799-5569-5/14/$31.00 c 2014 IEEE. In all experiments on the four benchmark collections    , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. Our experiments on numeric data show that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test achieves the highest label prediction accuracy of the various statistical hypothesis tests. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in 
1. Preparation 
Invitation 
Kick
Related work
Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist    , too. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects    , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. Future work will produce finer grained models specific to the methods applicable to XP and Dynamic Systems Development Method    , APs with substantial records of successful industrial application    , which will then be mapped to software risk elements. Suggestion Method Precision Recall 
Discussion
Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function    , and thus within this toleration factor    , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary. SIGIR 2007 Proceedings Session 25: Combination and Fusion 
Feature Selection
We first consider the problem of feature selection    , i.e. The log-likelihood contains a log function over summations of terms with λt defined by Equation 5    , which can make parameter inference intractable. Similar observation is found in the study of meta search whose goal is to combine the retrieval results of multiple search engines to create a better ranking list 
 To address the above problems    , we encode the order information generated by the base ranking function G with matrix W ∈ 
1 
In the above    , Wi  ,j is defined by a softmax function and the parameter λ ≥ 0 represents the confidence of the base ranking function. The tax levied by user i is computed based on the Clarke Tax formulation as follows: 
πig *  = X j =i vj arg max g∈G X k =i v k g − X j =i vjg *  3 
 Note user i's tax πig *  for selecting outcome g * is composed of two portions    , that are computed over a group of users excluding user i. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. Typically    , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7    , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. Another method of training topic models    , variational EM 
From topics to virtual shelves
 Tables 1    , 2 and 3 list topics selected from models generated for three books. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods    , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. One possible solution is that in the presence of set intersection    , Transformation T 1 does not drop projection operators. The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. For the time being    , we execute both user defined functions and normal DBMS code within the same address space.   , cosine similarity and Pearson correlation. On the other hand    , a more standard assumption in economic theory is the ET game; in the ET game    , if there are ties the revenue is shared equally. Further    , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is    , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. Future work will look at incorporating document-side dependencies    , as well. However    , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic    , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory    , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. Experimental Setup
We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. LIF    , on the other hand    , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . Entity Mapping: 
The basic operation here is to retrieve the knowledge base entity matching the spotted query desire    , query input and their relation. Each part γ i ∈ Dα constitutes a set of semantically related primary information items linked according to their semantic relationships. As a result    , 
shows the result of the experiment after the second step of the breadth-first search. Thus    , our solution successfully combines together two traditionally important aspects of IR: unsupervised learning of text representations word embeddings from neural language model and learning on weakly supervised data. The community at large should come together and build systems that conform to standards which will support common data interchange formats    , dynamic    , programmatic access to local and remote data sources    , and common application programming interfaces. Third    , as we move from a university to a national level    , our data warehousing solution may not scale when different annotation    , experimental and clinical data is gathered at multiple institutions. This list is used by the predictor to perform a breadth first search of the possible concepts representing the input text. Research Framework
To organize our research    , we modified the model of 
Tag Suggestions 
 Prior work showed users create tags similar to those they have viewed 
Experimental design
To study our research questions    , we designed a survey in which subjects were shown a sequence of movies and asked to apply tags to each of the movies. Those which are specific to software and account for the internal complexity of programs i. e.    , their dynamic behaviors and    , possibly    , psychometric data on the programming activity. Dijkstra 1969 EWD-249    , derived in a systematic way. Full details of this recognition system are contained in 
Scanned Document Collection
The scanned document collection was based on the 21  ,759 " NEWS " stories in TDT-2 Version 3 
Design of the Mixed-Media Collection
The experimental mixed-media collection is based on a partition of the existing mono-media documents collections of electronic text    , spoken data and scanned document images. Furthermore    , I would like to thank the pilot users and teams in Nokia    , especially I would like to thank Stephan Irrgang    , Roland Meyer    , Thomas Wirtz    , Juha Yli-Olli and Miia Forssell. Hence we restrict our attention to perturbation vectors ∆ with δi ∈ {−1    , 0    , 1}. In cooperation with BookCrossing     , we mailed all eligible users via the community mailing system    , asking them to participate in our online study. Differences are related to the goals of the methods and the scope of using the methods in software development projects. One is the time-dependent content similarity measure between queries using the cosine kernel function; another is the likelihood for two queries to be grouped in a same cluster from the click-through data given the timestamp. We introduce a typical use case in which an intelligent traffic management system must support coordinated access to a knowledge base for a large number of agents. In most experiments    , the proposed methods    , especially LIB*LIF fusion     , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. Any programming language which supports static types could be used as well    , for example MODULA /Wi83/. Several interviewees reported that " operationalization " of their predictive models—building new software features based on the predictive models is extremely important for demonstrating the value of their work. In the WSDM Evaluation setup    , we compare the performance of BARACO and MT using the following metrics: AUC and Pearson correlation as before. That is    , instead of using the appraisal words    , we train an S-PLSA model with the bag-of-words feature set    , and feed the probabilities over the hidden factors thus obtained into the ARSA model for training and prediction. We use simple heuristics to separate acronyms from non-acronym entity names.   , precision and purity. In this paper we developed a statistical model to understand and quantify these effects    , and explored their practical impact on benchmarking . Module 3 Rule execution receives detected events from module 2 and executes the concerned rules taking into account the coupling modes    , cascading in the sense of execution cycles    , priorities between rules    , and the calculation of net effect. In the within-project setting i.e. Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . We measure its value as the Shannon entropy of a location: 
Hl = − ï¿¿ u∈N h S l p l u logp l u 4 
where p l u is the probability that a given check-in in place l is made by user u. For example    , in 
Modeling Subtleties. We investigate the relative importance of individual features    , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image    , another where each user has several thousand images    , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. Abstract 
Current query languages for relational databases usually are fixed    , i.e. For each topic    , the table lists the most probable words for the topic under its DCM parameters along with the words in the book most frequently assigned to the topic. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. Please note that we build a global classifier with all training instances instead of building a local classifier for each entity for simplicity. Furthermore. Pearson's correlation r ∈ 
Individualism vs. Collectivism 
In addition to pace of life    , also human relationships differ across cultures. We developed a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model to measure user interest. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. We present a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model for modeling and understanding context. To this end    , we only return tags that have an aggregate score greater than the mean score for all the tag candidates. from a journal a real world example for a database containing medical document abstracts is given by the Journal of Clinical Oncology 1 . From the definition of time-dependent marginalized kernel     , we can observe that the semantic similarity between two queries given the timestamp t is determined by two factors . This dataset contains the purchase history from 2004-01-01 to 2009-03-08. To identify friends with similar tastes    , a context-aware version of Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. Here    , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method    , a widely used learning method for large-scale data    , to learn parameters. Thus we need only to compute 6 twice per MCMC iteration . We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. Therefore    , we extracted entities from the topic description and the top related tweets by means of different NER services DBpedia Spotlight    , Alchemy API    , and Zemanta. The vector output at the final time-step    , encN     , is used to represent the entire tweet. Semantic Relatedness
The first evaluation is based on the SemEval 2015-Task 1: Paraphrase and Semantic Similarity in Twitter 
Sentiment Classification
The second evaluation is based on the SemEval 2015-Task 10B: Twitter Message Polarity Classification 
CONCLUSION AND FUTURE WORK
In this paper    , we presented Tweet2Vec    , a novel method for generating general-purpose vector representation of tweets    , using a character-level CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder architecture . We also present precision at one document retrieved P@1    , a histogram of ranks at which the correct answer appeared and a pairwise comparison of methods number of queries where A was superior and number of queries where B was superior. Our experimental results in both scenarios on four datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approaches. In the case of Persons 2 and Restaurants    , both methods performed equally well. The first two are the Indri language model passage and document retrieval systems Indri-psg    , Indri-doc. We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH    , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature. However    , a personalized random walk is a centrality rank- ing 
the Input
BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W    , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking    , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. The method: RaPiD7
An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents    , 7 steps. Most students have some experience in using the UML and object oriented programming through university courses and industrial internships. EXPERIMENTAL SETUP 2.1 Interface
These experiments were conducted as part of our participation in the TREC 2007 ciQA task. Interestingly    , for the topic law and informatization/computerization 1719 we see that the Dutch translation of law is very closely related. The last LSTM decoder generates each character    , C    , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128    , ht−1    , for the next time-step prediction. Computational Complexity
All the presented approaches allow the computation of the probabilities using a dynamic programming approach. This is approached by embedding both the image and the novel labels into a common semantic space such that their relevance can be estimated in terms of the distance between the corresponding vectors in the space. with the task model as the experimental system. PREDICTING REFERENCE QUALITY
 We model reference quality from three aspects: the coherence of the context    , the clarity of the selection    , and the relevance of the reference with respect to the selection and the context. Once the relevant pictograms are selected    , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. We also found that adding implicit state information that is predicted by our classifier increases the possibility to find state-level geolocation unambiguously by up to 80%. Our second model RBM takes a step further and exploit the correlations among individual passages in a Restricted Boltzmann Machine framework. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 
Evaluation Benchmarks
For each dataset    , we created an evaluation benchmark by randomly picking 100 objects as the query objects    , and for each query object    , the ground truth i.e. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. In Sect. Cosine Similarity
Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. As shown in 
CONCLUSIONS
 This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. Dataset
As mentioned    , we collected massive conversation resources from various forums    , microblog websites    , and cQA platforms including Baidu Zhidao 6     , Douban forum 7     , Baidu Tieba 8     , Sina Weibo 9     , etc. , inverse user frequency weighting IUF and variance weighting VW. As the value nears zero    , the pictogram becomes less relevant; hence    , a cutoff point is needed to discard the less relevant pictograms. INTRODUCTION
In recent years    , Weblogs or blogs in short have become a popular type of media on the Web. Our official submission    , however    , was based on the reduced document model in which text between certain tags was indexed. System R also uses a bottomup enumerator and interleaves costing    , but does not prune the logical space as aggressively as greedy search techniques    , and augments the search with dynamic programming. Any distribution can be used to model p ˜ ∆ i |Θ; common examples used for response times include the exponential 
log p{∆ i }|{τ i }    , Θ = N i=1 log q∆ i |τ i     , Θ 3 
 Using the form of q∆ i |τ i     , Θ and the transformation using˜∆ing˜ ing˜∆ i defined by Equations 1 and 2 respectively    , the loglikelihood is equal to 
N i=1 log p ˜ ∆ i |Θ + N i=1 log aτ i + ∆ i  4 
 where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }    , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. That is: 
LIBti    , d =    1 − n i N 1 − ln n i N ti ∈ d − n i N 1 − ln n i N ti ∈ d 14 
where ni is the document frequency of term ti and N is the total number of documents. We have described an experimental method in which learnt uncertainty information can be used to guide design choices to avoid overfitting    , and have run a series of experiments on the benchmark LETOR OHSUMED data set for both types of model. Following the likelihood principle    , one determines P d    , P zjd    , and P wjz b y maximization of the logglikelihood function 
L = X d2D X w2W nd; w log P d; w ; 3 
where nd; w denotes the term frequency    , i.e. ln the experiments reported in this paper we have also incremented document scores by some factor but the differences between our experiment and Croft's work are the methods used for identifying dependencies from queries    , and the fact that syntactic information from document texts sentence a.nd phrase boundaries is used in our work. nodes with no connections increases. The hierarchy nodes may be accessed more than once    , so they must be stored in separate locations. Results: Numeric Data
We used the numeric data properties of the City class from DBpedia divided into 10 data sources to test our approach on numeric data. We can estimate Px from the collection as: ~fxd d for all z n-grams X ~" 
Under ~h~ fame assumptions as above    , the variance of S is: 
axPx2+Nd 3 VARSd  ,e=NdNeE + Ne-2 E a P X X X X Nd+Ne-l  E x y~x axayPx2py2 4 Nd+Ne-l  E a P X X X 
With a multlnomial model of text and given n-gram probabilities    , 
one can thus 
predict the expected value and the variance of a similarity measure computed for a random pair of text items. The experiment primarily explored how improved levels of inter-rater reliability can be achieved and was intended to generate a set of 'correctly' aligned documents a gold standard set for testing and improving lesson plan retrieval. Sensitivity Results
 By probing multiple hash buckets per table    , the multiprobe LSH method can greatly reduce the number of hash tables while finding desired similar objects. The resulting relevance model significantly outperforms all existing click models. Several papers formalized position bias using probabilistic models    , such as the Cascade model The Qrels-based measures MAP and P@10 for a specific system were evaluated using the official TREC Qrels and the trec eval program    , while the Trels-based measures tScore    , tScore@k were evaluated using a set of Trels    , manually created by us    , for the same TREC topics for which Qrels exist. Based on this    , we analyze how users differed in their formulation of specific queries. Using S-PLSA as a means of " summarizing " sentiment information from blogs    , we develop ARSA    , a model for predicting sales performance based on the sentiment information and the product's past sales performance. However    , prohibitively high computational cost makes it impractical for IMRank. RELATED WORK
In this section    , we briefly review research related to our approach in two categories. The first independent model IND assumes that the relevance of a specific top-ranked passage si is independent of the relevance of any other passage in s. We use the logistic function to model the relevance of a passage. Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. In this way    , we can represent a DTD or Schema structure as a set of parallel trees    , which closely resemble DTD/Schema syntax    , with links connecting some leaves with some roots    , in a graph-like manner. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. A supervised classifier based on random forest over variable length texts    , using word-clusters for input text representation. Assuming an industrial setting    , long-term attention models that include the searcher's general interest in addition to the current session context can be expected to become powerful tools for a wide number of inference tasks. Finally    , to predict ratings for a test user    , the computed weights are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as described in Section 3. Our experiments after the evaluation show there is a value using semantic information in detecting similarity and dissimilarity. Also    , PM Fj denotes the prior probability of field Fj mapped into any query term before observing collection statistics. Introduction
Following Linked Data principles    , data providers made billions of triples available on the web 
– We present CyCLaDEs an approach to build a behavioral decentralized cache on client-side. The constant Zn is chosen so that the perfect ranking gives an NDCG value of 1. When WVF = 0    , after the initial placement is found no placement changes are ever needed. In the digital age    , the value of images depends on how easily they can be located    , searched for relevance    , and retrieved. ,Q~    ,  ~_ KoQ ~ Zfl2t ~-Kad 2 
where K = t o t a l number of stems recognised and a denotes the standard deviation    , We also have 
E  ,Q  ,d    , " K covariance Q    , d 
Hence    , which is the Pearson product-moment correlation of Q and d. In other words    , the vector space computation is used because it approximates the correlation computation when the vectors are sparse enough. We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection    , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. , a 50:50 random split that has been previously applied in the defect prediction literature 
0.0 0.1 0.2 0.3 0.4 0.5 0.6 
¨ © 
In a within-project setting    , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier with only random forest ranking in the first tier. Identification of Core Concepts
Studies on the identification of core concepts in digital resources have been carried out in different experimental setups    , involving varying degrees of human intervention. University faculty lists form the seeds for such a crawl. , the difference in means depends on aspects of the experimental design.