One simple approach    , common in game-theory    , due to Nash 
Privacy as a Tax Problem
Our goal is to formulate a mechanism that " aggregates " all the individuals preferences into single representative group preference    , which builds upon how each user values the different data exposure preferences. Note that    , conditioned on the activity function at    , the second term is constant. To simplify our experiments    , we dropped the document segments that were in the gold standard but were not in the ranked list of selected retrieved segments although we could have kept them by folding them into the LSA spaces. In future the mediator should also use a OWL-DL reasoner to infer additional types for subject nodes specified in the query pattern.   , as the product of the probabilities of the single observations    , which are functions of the covariates whose values are known in the observations and the coefficients which are the unknowns. Since we analyzed document similarity based on weighted word frequency    , it was important that non-English documents be removed    , since we used an English-language corpus to estimate the general frequency of word occurrence. Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method    , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. Given HAIRCUT's average precision of 31.5% on the TREC-8 ad hoc task    , it seems unlikely that the drop in English performance is due to some sort of overtraining on the TREC-7 data. REFERENCES Since our focus is on type prediction     , we employ retrieval models used in the recent work by Kim et al. Any programming language which supports static types could be used as well    , for example MODULA /Wi83/. This crossed-links will turn the whole diagram into a graph    , but with interesting visualization and folding properties. Nginx is the reverse proxy with a cache set to 1 GB. To prove the applicability of our technique    , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. This last point may be illustrated by considering the results of term weighting experiments carried out recently by Christopher Buckley at Cornell 
Univ~rsity. What is the quality of the mappings  ? We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. This has been done in a heuristic fashion in the past    , and may have stifled the performance of classical probabilistic approaches. As the value nears zero    , the pictogram becomes less relevant; hence    , a cutoff point is needed to discard the less relevant pictograms. Language 
CONCLUSIONS AND FUTURE WORK
In this paper    , we extended an MT-based context-sensitive CLIR approach 
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
 This research was supported in part by the BOLT program of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency    , Contract No. The first is the object model of an E-commerce system adopted from Lau and Czarnecki 
Planning and Execution
Our experimental procedure involved the synthesis of both design spaces of database alternatives and several abstract loads in a variety of sizes for each subject system. The most difficult aspect in experimental design was deciding how to choose the query pairs. We achieved convergence around 300 trees    , We also optimized the percentage of features to be considered as candidates during node splitting    , as well as the maximum allowed number of leaf nodes. Each part γ i ∈ Dα constitutes a set of semantically related primary information items linked according to their semantic relationships. CLIR-Track Task Description
Similarly to last year    , CLIR track participants were asked to retrieve documents from a multilingual pool containing documents in four different languages. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object    , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. For each combination of the parameters    , we run the inference for 100 iterations. This design method is by definition iterative. The former one classifies the candidate documents into vital or non-vital    , yet the latter one classifies them into relevant vital + useful  or irrelevant unknown + non-referent. CONCLUSIONS
We discussed a model of retrieval that bridges a gap between the classical probabilistic models of information retrieval    , and the emerging language modeling approaches. EXPERIMENTAL SETUP 2.1 Interface
These experiments were conducted as part of our participation in the TREC 2007 ciQA task. Study overview
We used the same setup and experimental design as in the Main Study and varied only the ratio between training and test topics: in this study we used two topics for training    , and the remaining four topics for testing. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. In this paper we developed a statistical model to understand and quantify these effects    , and explored their practical impact on benchmarking . , b} 
Unlike the regular KLSH that adopts a single kernel    , BMKLSH employs a set of m kernels for the hashing scheme. Data Preparation
We prepare two datasets for experiments. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in 
1. Preparation 
Invitation 
Kick
Related work
Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist    , too. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. Specifically    , we use Clickture as " labeled " data for semantic queries and train the ranking model. Intuitively    , this definition captures the notion that since a search engine generates a ranking of documents by scoring them according to various criteria    , the scores used for ranking may only accurately resolve document relevance to within some toleration . Next    , we calculate the probability of being positive or negative regarding each topic    , P pos|z and P neg|z using pseudo-training images    , assuming that all other candidates images than pseudo positive images are negative samples. The experiment simulates real-world tasks in a real-world interface. Subsequently    , TermPicker calculates various feature values for each candidate x in conjunction with the query-SLP slp q . The resulting uneven link creation results in a very uneven link distribution    , with some nodes hugely connected    , and other nodes completely isolated 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Our experiment compares the reformulation of queries that users perform in keyword searching    , to the query reformulation implicit in browsing between documents linked by similarity of content. Parameter q specifies the sentiment information from how many preceding days are considered    , and K indicates the number of hidden sentiment factors used by S-PLSA to represent the sentiment information. The task is to estimate the relevance of the image and the query for each test query-image pair    , and then for each query    , we order the images based on the prediction scores returned by our trained ranking model. They include the number of hidden sentiment factors in S-PLSA    , K    , and the orders of the ARSA model    , p and q. This reconfirms previous observations that modeling dependencies via the use of proximity features within the MRF has more of an impact on larger    , noisier collections than smaller    , well-behaved ones. For each topic    , the table lists the most probable words for the topic under its DCM parameters along with the words in the book most frequently assigned to the topic. EXPERIMENTS AND RESULTS
In this section    , we conduct a series of experiments to validate our major claims on the TDCM model. In addition    , the factor representation obtained by PLSA allows to deal with polysemous words and to explicitly distinguish between diierent meanings and diierent t ypes of word usage. A version of the corpus is annotated with various linguistic information such as part-of-speech    , morphology    , UMLS semantic classes. INTRODUCTION
Despite the prevalence of context-independent word-based approaches for cross-language information retrieval CLIR derived from the IBM translation models 
BACKGROUND AND RELATED WORK
Although word-by-word translation provides the starting point for query translation approaches to CLIR    , there has been much work on using term co-occurrence statistics to select the most appropriate translations 
Context-Independent Baseline
As a baseline    , we consider the technique presented by Darwish and Oard 
Scored|s = j Weighttfsj     , d    , dfsj 1 tfsj    , d = t i tfti    , dP r token ti|sj  2  dfsj = t i dftiP r token ti|sj  3  
 In order to reduce noise from incorrect alignments    , we impose a lower bound on the token translation probability    , and also a cumulative probability threshold    , so that translation alternatives of sj are added in decreasing order of probability  until the cumulative probability has reached the threshold . INTRODUCTION
Cross lingual information retrieval CLIR has been one of the major research areas in information retrieval during last few years 
LEARNING
Statistical Translation Models
Let's assume that the language of queries is Chinese and the language of documents is English. This    , in turn    , corresponds to computing the negative logprobability of the true class. To gauge the effectiveness of our system compared to other similar systems    , we developed a version of our tagging suggestion engine that was integrated with the raw    , uncompressed tag data and did not use the case-evaluator for scoring    , aside from counting frequency of occurrence in the result set. Topicqi = ⟨P C1|qi    , P C2|qi    , · · ·     , P Cn|qi⟩    , where P Ci|q is the probability that q belongs to Ci. Different LSH families can be used for different distance functions D. Families for Jaccard measure    , Hamming distance     , 1 and 2 are known 
h a  ,b v = j a · v + b W k 
 where a is a d-dimensional random vector with entries chosen independently from a p-stable distribution and b is a real number chosen uniformly from the range 
Basic LSH Indexing
 Using a family of LSH functions H    , we can construct indexing data structures for similarity search. Twenty-one participants were recruited from the UMD community. Shannon adopted the same log measure when he established the average information-transmitting capacity of a discrete channel    , which he called the entropy    , by analogy with formulae in thermodynamics. Each of the pivots were manually examined by an assessor for assigning a relevance grade. It achieves the goal by iteratively adjusting current ranking as follows: 
 Compute the ranking-based marginal influence spread of all nodes Mr with respect to the current ranking r; 
 4.2 Calculate ranking-based marginal influence spread 
 The core step in IMRank is the calculation of rankingbased marginal influence spread. Given a human-issued message as the query    , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. We want to a avoid over-fitting and b present to the user those patterns that are important. IMRank: iterative framework
IMRank aims to find a self-consistent ranking from any initial ranking. The idea behind the method is relatively simple    , but the effective use of it is not. Full details of this recognition system are contained in 
Scanned Document Collection
The scanned document collection was based on the 21  ,759 " NEWS " stories in TDT-2 Version 3 
Design of the Mixed-Media Collection
The experimental mixed-media collection is based on a partition of the existing mono-media documents collections of electronic text    , spoken data and scanned document images. The model is based on PLSA    , and authorship    , published venues and citation relations have been included in it. MGED 
Current methodological research on building ontologies focuses on the gathering and conceptualization of knowledge while avoiding fallacies in the formal specification of the model 
CONCLUSION Consistency in ontology schema design is essential. gorithm 1 outlines the key steps of KLSH    , where b is a critical parameter that determines the length of hash key to be constructed in KLSH. Collective Similarity
 Now we consider the problem of multi-domain recommendation . We present the influence of α l     , αg and β in 
Community Membership Evaluation
On the PAPER dataset    , the evaluation result of NCut CCD = 1351.02    , and we list the evaluation results of Net- PLSA regarding to its parameter λ in 
Case Study
This section gives some case studies in the PAPER dataset to show the semantic community discovery ability of ToP. Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. We note a significant drop in the number of relevant documents for the TREC-8 CLIR task    , which may play a role: Query Track JHU/APL also participated in the query track. Such an approach might not fully explore the power of multiple kernels. The knowcenter group classified the topic-relevant blogs using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. Furthermore    , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. Experimental Design
Scenario. We focused on the problem of opinion topic relatedness and we showed that using proximity information of opinionated terms to query terms is a good indicator of opinion and query-relatedness. As a result    , the precision/recall values are much lower than the results of human evaluation. Based on this    , we analyze how users differed in their formulation of specific queries. We follow the typical generative model in Information Retrieval that estimates the likelihood of generating a document given a query    , pd|q. The most popular choices for pooling operation are: max and average pooling. First    , we apply the PLSA method to the candidate images with the given number of topics    , and get the probability of each topic over each image    , P z|I. Evaluation of the Implementation
 Because our approach extracts reference linking and bibliographic data automatically from widely variable sources    , it cannot be expected that the data will be 100% accurate. , 'book jacket' and 'dust cover'. Please note that we build a global classifier with all training instances instead of building a local classifier for each entity for simplicity. Although the experiment included only six topics    , which made it feasible to increase the number of test subjects    , fruitful data was collected on the characteristics of topics. This model enables the analytical development of experimental designs with different engineering and efficiency tradeoffs. These feature values are then used by a ranking model calculated via Learning To Rank to provide an ordered list of vocabulary terms. In this way    , we can represent a DTD or Schema structure as a set of parallel trees    , which closely resemble DTD/Schema syntax    , with links connecting some leaves with some roots    , in a graph-like manner. Suppose a modeller or domain expert is developing a tourism ontology and has to figure out the relation between the classes Campground and RuralArea. RQ3: Is there evidence of linguistic bias based on the race of the person described  ? The play is divided into acts in such a way that each act has a fixed set of actors participating objects fitting conveniently on the scene scenario diagram. Note that the variance is inversely proportional to the number of ratings so as the number of ratings increases the model becomes increasingly more certain in the preferences decreasing the variance. With a more quantitatively informed approach    , practitioners can select the most suitable experimental design to minimize the benchmark's run time for any desired level of accuracy. This indicates that IMRank is efficient at solving the influence maximization problem via finding a final self-consistent ranking. Extensive experiments on our datasets demonstrated that our TDCM model can accurately explain the user behavior in QAC. We maintained a vocabulary of 177  ,044 phrases by choosing those with more than 2 occurrences. In this section    , we generalize the random effects model for multiple batches to include experimental comparisons     , and derive expressions for how the standard error of experimental comparisons i.e. 2 
Comparison between Our Method and the Traditional Materialized View Method
Our fast detection method for empty-result queries uses some data structure similar to materialized views − each atomic query part stored in the collection C aqp can be regarded as a " mini " materialized view. 5 Due to the utilization of a set of special properties of empty result sets    , its coverage detection capability is often more powerful than that of a traditional materialized view method. Moreover    , our created lexicon outperforms the competitive counterpart on emotion classification task. Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. These test collections are meant to be portable    , reusable    , statistically powerful    , and open to anyone that wishes to work on the problem of retrieval over sessions. Therefore    , we need to deal with potentially infinite number of related learning problems    , each for one of the query q ∈ Q. In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results    , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. The results from the initial workshops were encouraging and the method was taken into use in several other teams    , too. In the future    , we plan to extend our work to the more open setup    , similar to the QALD hybrid task    , where questions no longer have to be answered exclusively from the KB. Whereas LIF well supported recall    , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin    , particularly in terms of purity    , precision    , and rand index. The accuracy and effectiveness of our model have been confirmed by the experiments on the movie data set. , F1 score < 1. First    , the basic Skip-gram model is extended by inserting a softmax layer    , in order to add the word sentiment polarity. On each axis    , the likelihood probability gets projected as a continuous numeric function with maximum possible score of 1.0 for a value that is always preferred    , and a score of 0.0 for a value that is absent from the table. SIGIR 2007 Proceedings Session 25: Combination and Fusion 
Feature Selection
We first consider the problem of feature selection    , i.e. Experimental design and conditions
The results of the study raises methodological questions with regard to the specification of the interactive task and the topics. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. At a topic selection meeting    , the seven topics from each site that were felt to be best suited for the multilingual retrieval setting were then selected. Tweet Representation
In order to obtain tweet representation    , we adopt the min    , max    , and average convolutional layers for compositionality learning in vector-based semantics    , similar to the work proposed by 
EXPERIMENTAL SETUP
 In order to evaluate our proposed approach    , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. The particulars of how this assignment procedure works is the experimental design    , and it can substantially affect the precision with which we can estimate δ. We suggested why classical models with their explicit notion of relevance may potentially be more attractive than models that limit queries to being a sample of text. Trustworthiness of an identity: The likelihood that the identity will respect the terms of service ToS of its domain in the future    , denoted by T rustID. Search terms can easily be highlighted in found documents if they are presented using the internal representation; otherwise some word-by-word positional mapping back to the original may be needed. The replicated examples were used both when fitting model parameters and when tuning the threshold. Second    , we believe that the ranking orders generated by the base ranking function is substantially more reliable than the numerical values of the ranking scores. To retrieve better intention-conveying pictograms using a word query    , we proposed a semantic relevance measure which utilizes interpretation words and frequencies collected from a web survey. Entity Mapping: 
The basic operation here is to retrieve the knowledge base entity matching the spotted query desire    , query input and their relation. propose a simpler yet more effective solution for image embedding 
ZERO-SHOT IMAGE TAGGING
Problem Statement
 Given an unlabeled image    , the goal of zero-shot image tagging is to automatically tag the image with labels that have no training examples available. Therefore    , by modeling both types of dependencies we see an additive effect    , rather than an absorbing effect. CLEF will provide the opportunity for monolingual system testing and tuning and build up test suites in other European languages beginning with French   , Thus    , D S is identified by its CCD and all the linking candidates D T for this dataset are found in its cluster    , following our working hypothesis. Equipped with the proposed models    , companies will be able to better harness the predictive power of blogs and conduct businesses in a more effective way. Asian cultures emphasize the fundamental relatedness of individuals to each other    , with a focus on living harmoniously with others 
Cultural differences in online communities 
 As computing and communication technologies have spread around the world    , researchers have studied cultural differences in technology use. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in 
Combinations 
Cross-Site Scripting
As with SQL injection    , cross-site scripting 
Cross-Site Scripting Detection
Indications of cross-site scripting are detected during the reverse engineering phase    , when a crawler performs a complete scan of every page within a Web application. For the same number of iterations 1000    , such a model would take almost six years to train. 1 It is interesting to note that by ignoring the actual document content    , i.e. As shown in 
SIGIR 2007 Proceedings Session 25: Combination and Fusion 
Comparison with alternative methods
To verify that the sentiment information captured by the S-PLSA model plays an important role in box office revenue prediction    , we compare ARSA with two alternative methods which do not take sentiment information into consideration. It too introduces non-trivial complications with respect to how hosts interact with request-level effects and experimental design to affect the standard error of the benchmark. LI Frequency LIF Model
In the LI Frequency LIF model    , we use term frequencies to model least information. The average reference accuracy is the average over all the references. RELATED WORK
Monolingual Retrieval
 Word ambiguity has been extensively investigated in information retrieval using WSD. We found that we are able to predict correctly implicit state information based on geospatial named entities using a Random Forest RF classifier with precision of 0.989    , recall 0.798    , and F1 of 0.883    , for Pennsylvania. 2-The second approach is experimental: an initial user interface is quickly developed and then evaluated by end-users. In the within-project setting i.e. Since log L is a strictly increasing function    , the parameters of Θ which maximize log-likelihood of log L also maximize the likelihood L 
1–3
. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . with the task model as the experimental system. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 
We find that domain experts can agree on concept coreness ratings    , and that intermediate-level annotated features can be used to computationally predict these coreness ratings. Using these constraints    , we calculate the model parameters Θ with maximizing the log-likelihood log L in Equation 9. We refer to this approach as naive combination. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 
RELATED WORK
 Prior research on two topics directly inform our study: 1 identification of core concepts in educational digital library resources    , and 2 automatic computation of semantic similarity between short text fragments. In order to deepen our understanding of interactive searching and its evaluation    , a typology of search topics needs to be developed. An example for our CQA intent classification task may be {G : 0.3    , CQA : 0.7}    , which means that the forest assessment of an input query is that it is a general Web query G with 30% probability    , and a CQA query CQA with 70% probability. Availability of both words and n-grams also helped us significantly in the cross-language task    , for which HAIRCUT was a first-time participant. Considering the Random Forest based approaches we vary the number of trees ranging from 10 to 1000. In all experiments on the four benchmark collections    , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. RELATED WORK
The results of Gray et al.   , precision and purity. Auto-regressive modeling
Auto-regressive models are the most widely known and used. Since expertise in both ontology design and the relevant domain are required to populate and maintain ontologies    , semantic web projects have faced the dilemma of either hiring expensive " double experts " highly-skilled in both ontology design and the relevant domain or face inevitable data and user sparseness 
EXPERIMENTAL SETUP
The objective of our experiments is twofold. For even larger datasets    , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. State verb 
Linguistic Biases 
 We describe two linguistic biases discussed by social psychologists and communication scientists: the Linguistic Expectancy Bias LEB and the Linguistic Intergroup Bias LIB. Our official results for these five runs are shown in 
Cross Language Track 
English French German Italian 6-grams 1.0 2.5 8.5 1.0 Words 6.0 1.0 1.0 1.5 
The resulting combined runs were then merged using these weights: The similarity of these runs lead us to believe that tuning weights under this approach to merging is not a cost-effective use of one's time. Note that every variable introduced in this way is initialized . The profile characterizes the content of the cache of LDF client at a given moment. First    , when using the same number of hash tables    , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need    , compared with the entropy-based approach  ? We also present precision at one document retrieved P@1    , a histogram of ranks at which the correct answer appeared and a pairwise comparison of methods number of queries where A was superior and number of queries where B was superior. Section 5 reports our experimental results. Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. This transcription was designated " B2 " in the official NIST TREC-8 SDR documentation and " B1 " in the corresponding TREC-9 SDR documentation. Displaying query term information in the hit list as well as highlighting best passages and query terms in documents    , assisted users in making relevance judgements for the simple topics but they were less helpful on their own for the more complex topics where searchers had to engage with the content. The time and space complexity of IMRank with the generalized LFA strategy is low. The assumption 2 VERTICAL POSITION BIAS ASSUMPTION is modeled by 4 and 6. This is appropriate for drawing conclusions about differences between systems    , but it does not tell us anything about reusability . Query Likelihood
 In case of the query likelihood also referred as standard LM approach     , documents are ranked according to the likelihood of them being relevant given the query P D|Q. KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels    , evaluate their mAP values on the training set    , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value. We conducted personal photo tagging on 7  ,000 real personal photos and personal photo search on the MIT-Adobe FiveK photo dataset. From a system's perspective it could be argued that the TREC interactive task of finding as many different instances on a topic as possible in twenty minutes is basically a recall task. The bi-directional LSTM has 128 hidden units for each dimension ; CNN is 256 dimensional with a window size of 3. We first vary K    , with fixed p and q values p = 7    , and q = 1. An arbitrary cutoff point of 20 was chosen for the collection rBllking for each query    , which gave 3 categories of documents for each query. Thus    , our solution successfully combines together two traditionally important aspects of IR: unsupervised learning of text representations word embeddings from neural language model and learning on weakly supervised data. There is one Map instance for each ExprXlass in the logical search space. Finally    , we adopt the weighted combination of the m kernels: 
κ = m l=1 α l κ l for KLSH. , 
κ = m l=1 1 m κ l     , 
 and adopts this combined kernel for KLSH. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways    , the differences are evident. While many other biomedical disease domains may be able to " borrow " essential elements and design principles from these standards    , each disease research initiative will ultimately have to develop such controlled vocabularies and data elements in order to facilitate data integration and reliable representation. , model-based and model-free approaches 
Transfer Deep Learning
Deep learning began emerging as a new area of machine learning research in 2006 
ONTOLOGY FOR PERSONAL PHOTOS
We propose to design an ontology for personal photos    , since the vocabulary of general Web images is often too large and not specific to personal photos. Negative experiences in using RaPiD7 exist    , too. These include a Venn diagram tool for formulating Boolean queries graphically    , and a bibliographic visualization tool that plots matching citations on an x-y grid based on publication year and ranked relevance score to the query terms 
Requirements
From these and other considerations arose the following requirements for an improved design. Structure Preservation
Structure preservation or manifold regularization has been shown effective for semi-supervised learning 
n i  ,j=1 S q ij q i W q − q j W q 2 + n i  ,j=1 S v ij v i W v − v j W v 2     , 
3 
 where S q ∈ R n×n and S v ∈ R n×n denote the affinity matrices defined on the queries and images    , respectively. The user interface is designed by first applying a conceptual design method. To discover a topic evolution graph from a seed topic    , we apply a breadth-first search starting from the seed node but only following the edges that lead to topic nodes earlier in time. Authoring documents traditionally usually rely on inspections 
The following chapter provides insights to a method developed in Nokia in order to address the aforementioned problems in authoring documentation. Thus to study the issue of user personalization we make use of our rating and review data see 
Features
Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 
TRAINING
Since we have defined a probability associated with the presence or absence of each relationship    , we can proceed by maximizing the likelihood of an observed relationship set R. In order to do so we randomly select a negative set Q = {rij|rij / ∈ R} such that |Q| = |R| and optimize the log likelihood lY  ,c|R    , Q = Learning then proceeds by optimizing lY  ,c|R    , Q over both Y and c which we achieve by gradient ascent. Hence    , connectivity-based unsupervised classifiers offer a viable solution for cross and within project defect predictions. For low similarity thresholds or very skewed distributions of document lengths    , however    , LSH remains the method-of-choice as it provides the most versatile and tunable toolkit for high-dimensional similarity search. To this end    , we specify a distribution over Q: PQq can indicate    , for example    , the probability that a specific query q is issued to the information retrieval system which can be approximated. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. We are currently working on folding in our classifier module into a web-scale crawler. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. We bring query-likelihood LM approaches and relevance models to a common ground    , and show that both lead to the same scoring function    , although the theoretical motivation behind them is different. Therefore    , the running time of IMRank is affordable. 10 
Optimization for Top-Down Transfer
 To efficiently solve the above loss function    , we propose to transform the Θ ∈ R M ×D matrix into the same dimension as B. Experimental Design
All experiments were conducted on a machine running Linux with a Intel Xeon x5650 CPU 2.67GHz and 48GB of RAM. Image tagging aims to automatically assign concepts to images and has been studied intensively in the past decade    , while transfer deep learning has drawn a great deal of attention recently with the success of deep learning techniques. University of Maryland tried to circumvent the problem by using an unified index in some of their runs    , but the other groups working on the main task all had to rely on merging of some sort to combine their individual    , bilingual cross-language runs. The multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 and reduces that of the entropy-based approach by a factor of 5 to 8. Our first naive approach was to use WordNet 
Experimental design
Our fundamental approach was to group documents that share tags into clusters and then compare the similarity of all documents within a cluster. We will refer to this characteristic of one-to-many correspondence in meaning-to-pictogram and an associative measure of ranking pictograms according to interpretation relevancy as assisting selection of pictograms having shared interpretations. Instead    , we use these topics as well as vocabulary from related LIWC categories Linguistic Inquiry and Word Count; Tausczik and Pennebaker 2010 as inspiration to define concise lexicons for five different narratives identified through topic modeling Money    , Job    , Student    , Family    , Craving. It is the same engine that was used for previous TREC participations e.g. However    , even if two different users both install the same app    , their interests or preferences related to that app may still be at different levels. These training instances are represented in terms of their transformed feature vectors in the kernel space. , Colon classification and the scope and variety of content on the WWW has naturally sparked interest in faceted organizational schemes for large websites 
Interaction Styles 
Shneiderman & Plaisant 
Our efforts have aimed to extend the dynamic query paradigm to a design framework that incorporates different easy to control views of collections    , primary objects    , and events with agile control mechanisms such as mouse brushing. The third one is the CMU system    , which gives the best performance in TREC 2007 and 2008 evaluations 
Baseline 
CONCLUSIONS
In this paper    , we introduced two probabilistic models that model individual blog posts as hidden variables for blog seed retrieval tasks. Each tree is composed of internal nodes and leaves. Those resulting from extensions to software of techniques used for assessing hardware reliability and test coverage ; Z. The use of the 
q W v W . As the first click model for QAC    , our TDCM model could be extended in several ways in the future. Topics sustainable tourism and interpolation 1411 and 4882 do not benefit from semantic matching due to a semantic gap: interpolation is associated with the polynomial kind while the relevance assessments focus on stochastic methods. The first two are the Indri language model passage and document retrieval systems Indri-psg    , Indri-doc. Model selection
 Many of the dependences may be statistically insignificant     , so the respective coefficients should be set to zero. It has been advocated that the relevance of an information object to the information need of a specific user is a subjective and multidimensional concept    , which encompasses various properties and characteristics of the sought information ob- jects 
EXPERIMENTAL METHODOLOGY
 In this section    , we report detailed settings of our experimental methodology. This implies in particular that standard techniques from statistics can be applied for questions like model tting    , model combination    , and complexity control. Cultural Focus: To quantify the extent to which a party i reveals a cultural focus F on few selected hashtags or users facts    , the normalized Shannon entropy 
F σ i  = 1 − − n j=1 pa j  * log 2 p  a j  log 2 n 1 
Here    , pa j  corresponds to the frequency of a cultural fact a j for party i divided by the frequency of all other facts of that party. In the 
a b 
Profile size = 5 Profile size = 30 
Conclusion and Future Work
In this paper    , we presented CyCLaDEs    , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. Sparck Jones and Van Rijsbergen Sparck Jones 76/ suggest that the ideal collection should: q be large    , i.e. We also prove the convergence of IMRank and analyze the impact of initial ranking. Note that F w is a sum of a finite number of strongly convex and smooth functions and Rw is a general convex function that is non-differentiable. Our results from these models show that a fully balanced design— accounting for both request variability and host variability—is optimal in minimizing the benchmark's standard error given a fixed number of requests and machines. Similarly    , the research community has created excellent production digital libraries systems: NCSTRL/Dienst 
NCSTRL and Its Limitations 
In this section    , we discuss NCSTRL and its implementation limitations. Experimental Design
We evaluated the recommendations made by the CiteSight system by looking at how well it would have performed for existing papers where the set of citations is already known. Because the communicative context appears to mitigate the occurance of bias especially in the case of LIB Experiments
In this section we describe our experimental design for the collection of preference judgements. INTRODUCTION
 Recent developments in the conceptual view of Information Retrieval marked a departure from the traditional models of relevance and the emergence of language modeling frameworks    , introduced by Ponte and Croft 
Earlier work on probabilistic models of information retrieval 
RELATED WORK
 There are two directions of information retrieval research that provide a theoretical foundation for our model: the now classic work on probabilistic models of relevance    , and the recent developments in language modeling techniques for IR. We generated four query sets    , although space aliens in black helicopters managed to prevent two of them from appearing in the official query track collection. The first is TDT 
Experimental Design
Three sets of experiments are performed in our study. The prediction of character at each time step is given by: 
P Ct|· = sof tmaxTt    , ht−1 
8 
where Ct refers to the character at time-step t    , Tt represents the one-hot vector of the character at time-step t. The result from the softmax is a decoded tweet matrix T dec     , which is eventually compared with the actual tweet or a synonymreplaced version of the tweet explained in Section 3 for learning the parameters of the model. For example    , an LS for a lecture by Professor PG's on hydraulic geometric lesson would contain collections that foster student understanding of basic concepts such as w    , d    , v    , and Q and enable hypothesis testing concerning relations among them.   , the difference in means depends on aspects of the experimental design. If the same types of dependencies were capture by both syntactic and semantic dependencies    , LCE would be expected to perform about equally as well as relevance models. The subjects of the pilot experiment did not participate in the actual experiment. Also    , when the standardised server is in place real    , strongly typed links via dynamic linking or interpretation could profitably be considered. Variable importance is a measurement of how much influence an attribute has on the prediction accuracy. , a 50:50 random split that has been previously applied in the defect prediction literature 
0.0 0.1 0.2 0.3 0.4 0.5 0.6 
¨ © 
In a within-project setting    , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier with only random forest ranking in the first tier. As a result    , 
shows the result of the experiment after the second step of the breadth-first search. We will show the effectiveness of our proposed method in the experimental section. In some conditions    , subjects were shown a set of suggested tags for each movie the common practice in online tagging communities    , while in a control condition    , no suggested tags were presented. Therefore    , we extracted entities from the topic description and the top related tweets by means of different NER services DBpedia Spotlight    , Alchemy API    , and Zemanta. We have fit our model to the goals of WORLDCUP. The existing thread has the additional topic node 413 which is about compression of inverted index for fast information retrieval. The application runs from the command line. A well equipped and powerful system should be able to compare the content of the abstracts regarding their semantics    , i.e. Drop-Out: we concatenate q0 with the whole context while leave-one-out each context sentence    , one at a time    , i.e.   , learning to rank for Microblog retrieval and answer reranking for Question Answering. Six different images were shown to the participant for each topic    , the images varied for each combination of size and relevance    , for that topic. character and word n-grams extracted from CNN can be encoded into a vector representation using LSTM that can embed the meaning of the whole tweet. In light of TF*IDF    , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. RQ3 considers a second aspect of topic    , whether the topic is visually or semantically oriented 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN 2.1 Design
In our experiment we manipulated four independent variables: image size small    , medium    , large    , relevance level relevant    , not relevant    , topic difficulty easy    , medium    , difficult    , very difficult and topic visuality visual    , medium    , semantic. However    , these positive opportunities have a sinister counterpart: large-scale " crowdturfing    , " wherein masses of cheaply paid shills can be organized to spread malicious URLs in social media    , form artificial grassroots campaigns  " astroturf "     , and manipulate search engines. However    , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists    , such as Participants P7 and P12. We use the L2 i.e. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized    , 2 categorized    , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared    , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
 As discussed above    , the standard design used in systembased IR evaluations is the repeated-measures design. Programming on the way from the dilettantism of a home-made 'trickology' 4 to a scientific discipline: this has been the general theme of many of the lectures by Dijkstra    , Hoare    , Dahl    , Perlis    , Brinch Hansen    , Randell    , Wirth    , Ershov    , Griffiths    , Gries and others 2. However    , evidences show that even if there exists a strong correlation between the number of blog mentions of a new product and the sales rank of the product    , it could still be very difficult to make a successful prediction of sales ranks based on the number of blog mentions 
Blog mentions
Let us look at the following two movies    , The Da Vinci Code and Over the Hedge    , which are both released on 
Box office data and user rating
Besides the blogs    , we also collect for each movie one month's box office data daily gross revenue from the IMDB website 2 . Methods with the LIB quantity    , especially LIB    , LIB+LIF    , and LIB*LIF    , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy    , e.g. The basic idea is to model the event sequence as a play    , with objects as actors. We base our choice of experimental conditions on the reported perceptions of queries to reflect H2 and we reduced the number of tasks to six in an e↵ort to counteract the fatigue e↵ect observed in the pilot. Similar schemata could be derived using a method described by G. VEILLON 
Using this transition scheme    , we obtain from VVV 
proc mod = nat a    , nat b na__t _t : 
Fvar nat r := a    , var nat dd :
r  
 This is the usual program for division using binary number representation cf. Recent w ork has also shown that the beneets of PLSA extend beyond document indexing and that a similar approach can be utilized    , e.g. Whilst classic relevance ratings have viewed relevance in purely semantic terms    , it would appear that in practice users adjust their relevance judgements when considering other factors. The major issue in the integration of biomedical data is the large number of distributed    , semantically disparate data sources that need to be combined into a useful and usable system for biologists. The query sets for learning and evaluation are the same as those in the experiments of section 4    , that is to say    , Q r and Q2    , respectively. We have followed the method described in 
Conclusions and Future Work
We have presented a predictive model of the Web based on a probabilistic decomposition    , along with a statistical model fitting procedure. RELATED WORK
 Identifying the search intent of a user query is a longstanding research goal in IR that is generally treated as a classification scheme. Result Ranking. Then    , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space    , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context    , followed by their loss functions. Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding. These kinds of materials support in-depth knowledge of the field    , a creator    , or a genre; they also assist in developing theories regarding the relationships between creativity    , authorship and production. We experiment the extension in different setups    , results show that CyCLaDEs reduces significantly the load on LDF server. Component Scoring
Relevance scores for general interest    , specific interest    , and context are computed separately for each candidate suggestion. The interaction design included 30 complex questions; for each    , participants could submit a URL to an interactive system. However    , diaeerent research communities have associated diaeerent partially incompatiblee interpretations with the values returned from such score functions     , such astThe fuzzy set interpretation ë2    , 8ë    , the spatial interpretation originally used in text databases    , the metric interpetation ë9ë    , or the probabilistic interpretation underlying advanced information retrieval systems ë10ë. The shakwat group University of Paris 8 experimented with a random-walk approach using a space built using semantic indexing    , and containing the blog posts    , as well as the headlines    , in a window around the date of the topic. Conclusion and Future Plans
This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. Task Description
There are multiple subtasks in SemEval 2013 and 2014.   , models are built and applied on the same project    , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier    , while only random forest ranks in the first tier. In order to implement this principle    , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them    , as specified in the query topic. In this way    , one could estimate a general user vocabulary model    , that describes the searcher's active and passive language use in more than just term frequencies. Further    , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is    , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. Fitting the Fashion Epoch Segmentation Λ
 Given the model parameters Θ    , this step finds the optimal segmentation of the timeline to optimize the objective in Eq. In addition    , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. The model can be directly used to derive quantitative predictions about term and link occurrences. Examples of learned translation probabilities are listed in 
EXPERIMENT
In this experiment    , we examine-the CLIR approach that learns a statistical translation model from the bilingual corpus generated by an online translation system. Multi-Probe vs. Entropy-Based Methods
Although both multi-probe and entropy-based methods visit multiple buckets for each hash table    , they are very different in terms of how they probe multiple buckets. Rule definition
The rule definition module is a modular tool which offers a language for rule programming and a rule programming interface for dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. Our hope is that this paper provides a simple and actionable understanding of the procedures involved in benchmarking for performance changes in other contexts as well. By learning the embedding E from the data    , we are uncovering K visual dimensions that are the most predictive of users' opinions. DANGEROUS 
Sequentialization and the Danger of Destruction 
The transition schemes between certain recursive and certain iterative notations show that the one form is as good as the other    , apart from its appearance. For possible future research    , we plan to design a better text representation scheme by combining full text representation with feature selection techniques to avoid using only emotion terms. Varying the problem hardness
 In the experimental design    , we vary the number of nodes and dynamic clusters. The second author is grateful to Esther and Kiri for their loving support and dedicates this work to Joshua and Jacob. The final output of the forest is a weighted sum of the class distributions output by all of the trees in the forest. One solution was to provide an additional feature which was the number of times any URL at the given domain was visited by a toolbar user. The hierarchy nodes may be accessed more than once    , so they must be stored in separate locations. Research Framework
To organize our research    , we modified the model of 
Tag Suggestions 
 Prior work showed users create tags similar to those they have viewed 
Experimental design
To study our research questions    , we designed a survey in which subjects were shown a sequence of movies and asked to apply tags to each of the movies. For German    , texts from the Swiss newspaper "Neue Zürcher Zeitung" NZZ for 1994 were also added. To this end    , a qualitative and two preliminary quantitate evaluations have been carried out. For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers    , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term    , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents    , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. Using the training blog entries    , we train an S-PLSA model. Several interviewees reported that " operationalization " of their predictive models—building new software features based on the predictive models is extremely important for demonstrating the value of their work. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. A final study investigated to what extent the number of training topics hypothesis H3 influences a user's ability to formulate good queries. Interestingly    , for the topic law and informatization/computerization 1719 we see that the Dutch translation of law is very closely related. Whilst this may imply agreement between the searcher and the system    , some aspects of the experimental design may have created a bias towards more documents being saved from the top of the list. , SVA and CR    , and SVA 2 and CR 2     , respectively. To obtain the ontology    , we explored the semantic distributions in the domain of personal photos by mining frequent tags from active users in Flickr. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. This includes issues of persistent storage    , efficient reasoning    , data mediation    , scalability    , distribution of data    , fault tolerance and security. One of the main obstacles to effective performance of the classical probabilistic models has been precisely the challenge of estimating the relevance model. Semantic Relevance Measure
 We identified ambiguities in pictogram interpretation and possible issues involved in the usage of such pictograms in communication. CONCLUSION AND FUTURE WORK
In this paper    , we proposed a novel probabilistic model for blog opinion retrieval. System R also uses a bottomup enumerator and interleaves costing    , but does not prune the logical space as aggressively as greedy search techniques    , and augments the search with dynamic programming. eXtreme Programming XP's planning game. , 
Four Subject Systems
 We synthesized design spaces and compared static predictions with dynamic results for four subject systems. We use a between-groups design with participants randomly assigned to one of three experimental conditions:  Group Gexp high : this experimental group receives highquality query suggestions in the training phase which were predicted to be e↵ective in the user perceptions study Section 4.2. That is    , instead of using the appraisal words    , we train an S-PLSA model with the bag-of-words feature set    , and feed the probabilities over the hidden factors thus obtained into the ARSA model for training and prediction. , w k p  is given by w k = K −1/2 e k S . Next we describe how to derive a coordinate-ascentstyle optimization procedure to fit these two components. Another possible direction for future work is to use S-PLSA as a tool to help track and monitor the changes and trends in sentiments expressed online. An extension could also support composition and association between types    , supporting the structuring mechanisms from object-oriented programming languages in full generality. Three experiments were conducted    , one based on nouns    , one based on stylometric properties    , and one based on punctuation statistics. , t b     , te    , where t b is a beginning time point and te is an ending time point    , and te > t b . INTRODUCTION
Advances in information retrieval have long been driven by evaluation campaigns using standardized collections of data-sets    , query workloads    , and most importantly    , result relevance judgments. PARC had developed a number of experimental software development tools and office tools based on the Alto personal computer 
The experimental office tools were the result of several research projects that had produced extensive userinterface design knowledge. KLSH-Weight: We evaluate the mAP performance of all kernels on the training set    , calculate the weight of each kernel w.r.t. However    , prohibitively high computational cost makes it impractical for IMRank. We split the document into paragraphs or sentences and rank them according to an estimate of relevance to the query. Since all the successful patches pass the provided test cases    , it is challenging to select more or less acceptable patches systematically. Our hypothesis was that a cluster of documents that shared a tag should be more similar than a randomly selected set of documents. The method is based on: i a semantic relevance function acting as a kernel to discover the semantic affinities of heterogeneous information items    , and ii an asymmetric vector projection model on which semantic dependency graphs among information items are built and representative elements of these graphs can be selected. The probabilistic retrieval model is attractive because it provides a theoretical foundation for the retrieval operation which takes into account the notion of document relevance. Two documents are -indistinguishable to a search engine S with respect to a query q if the search engine finds both documents to be equally relevant to the query within the tolerance of its ranking function. He found the logarithm of the number of distinguishable states of the storage device to be intuitively acceptable and that    , when he I used it    , it worked. Also    , each method reads all the feature vectors into main memory at startup time. Specifically    , participants described the increasing need for knowledge about experimental design    , statistical reasoning    , and data collection. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. For simplicity    , we define LST M xt    , ht−1 to denote the LSTM operation on input x at time-step t and the previous hidden state ht−1. The subjective effort results also indicate that visual topics require less effort to judge in terms of subjective effort    , for example it was found that participants believed they had better performance for visual topics    , while for semantic topics    , the perceived mental workload and effort was greater. Experimental Design 
To evaluate PAR    , we collected 119 real bugs from open source projects as shown in 
Subject 
B. RQ1: Fixability 
¨ 
C. RQ2: Acceptability 
In this section    , we measure the acceptability of patches generated by PAR and GenProg. Overall    , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. EXPERIMENTS
We evaluated our model using two classification tasks: Tweet semantic relatedness and Tweet sentiment classifica- tion. 4. In order to find the best parameters    , we tried different λ values for each σ value in the range of 
Experimental Results on the Test Query Set
 In this section    , we present the evaluation results of our approaches on the TREC 2008 query topics. Also see the PR-curves for the baseline 
Concept cross translation
The numbers in table 1 show that the CLIR approach in general outperforms our baseline. However    , the MorphAdorner dictionary is an unusually large and clean knowledge base by CLIR standards. In our case the simole and regular form of data Q relahon makes the problem par&ularly attractive. CLICK-THROUGH-BASED CROSS-VIEW LEARNING
The main goal of click-through-based cross-view learning is to construct a latent common subspace with the ability of directly comparing textual query and image content. Pair programming transforms what has traditionally been a solitary activity into a cooperative effort. Which resource for training the semantic space  ? The support vector machine then learns the hyperplane that separates the positive and negative training instances with the highest margin. There are 3 major contributions in this work: 1 we propose a contextual query reformulation framework with ranking fusions for the conversation task; 2 we integrate multi-dimension of ranking evidences     , i.e. CONCLUSIONS
In this paper    , we propose to establish an automatic conversation system between humans and computers. We can briefly show why the Clarke-Tax approach maximizes the users' truthfulness by an additional    , simpler example. Finally    , we select the state with the largest expected number of steps in word items as the next item g |G|+1 in BCDRW ranking: 
g |G|+1 = argmax n i=|G|+1 vi 25 
 Note that    , in each iteration we need to compute the fundamental matrix 20    , which is expensive. A typical HIT might involve translating a paragraph of text    , labeling an image    , or completing a survey. ln the experiments reported in this paper we have also incremented document scores by some factor but the differences between our experiment and Croft's work are the methods used for identifying dependencies from queries    , and the fact that syntactic information from document texts sentence a.nd phrase boundaries is used in our work. We generalize the random effects model in Eq. Although the most popular is still undoubtedly the vector space model proposed by Salton 
BACKGROUND
In this section we present the term-weighting components used in our approach and a brief review of some concepts of Genetic Programming. Let Bt denote the set of blogs on the movie of interest that were posted on day t. The average probability of sentiment factor z = j conditional on blogs in Bt is defined as 
ωt  ,j = 1 |Bt| b∈B t pz = j|b    , 
 where pz = j|bb ∈ Bt are obtained based a trained S- PLSA model. Our goal is to design a good indexing method for similarity search of large-scale datasets that can achieve high search quality with high time and space efficiency. Therefore     , much prior work has focused on constructing models that emphasize such domain-specific keywords for the vertical selection task 
3. The tax levied by user i is computed based on the Clarke Tax formulation as follows: 
πig *  = X j =i vj arg max g∈G X k =i v k g − X j =i vjg *  3 
 Note user i's tax πig *  for selecting outcome g * is composed of two portions    , that are computed over a group of users excluding user i. For TREC-6    , the CLIR track topics were developed centrally at NIST 
 English: NIST    , Gaithersburg    , MD    , USA Ellen Voorhees  French: University of Zurich    , Switzerland Michael Hess  German: IZ Sozialwissenschaften    , Germany Jürgen Krause    , Michael Kluck  Italian: IEI-CNR    , Pisa    , Italy Carol Peters At each site    , an initial 10 topics were formulated. In the course of this development    , the knowledge representation structures called templates were defined and adopted as the basic building-blocks for representing linguistic and extralinguistic knowledge. Here our new least information model departs from the classic measure of information as reduction of uncertainty entropy. We have presented experimental results showing that HearSay can be used for " hands-free " audio browsing    , although improvements in speed and accuracy are needed. Together with the self-learning knowledge base    , NRE makes a deep injection possible. In the digital age    , the value of images depends on how easily they can be located    , searched for relevance    , and retrieved. dmax equals to the largest indegree among all nodes when l = 1. When a new note is saved    , it is displayed in the notebook lower right in 
THE STUDY DESIGN
To assess the value of TaskSieve's task modeling features    , an experimental study was performed using a full-fledged version of TaskSieve i.e. A single directional LSTM typically propagates information from the first word to the last; hence the hidden state at a certain step is dependent on its previous words only and blind of future words . In order to follow the edges in one direction in time    , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. yt = p i=1 φiyt−i + q i=1 K j=1 ρi  ,jωt−i  ,j + t    , 
2 
where p    , q    , and K are user-chosen parameters    , while φi and ρi  ,j are parameters whose values are to be estimated using the training data. After enough information about previously-executed    , empty-result queries has been accumulated in C aqp     , our method can often successfully detect empty-result queries and avoid the expensive query execution. Static Metrics Suite
The choice of mapping strategy impacts key non-functional system properties. The present section is structured according to the above categorization. Term-Weighting Components
In 
simq    , d = t∈q w td × wtq 1 
where simq    , d is the similarity measure between a query q and a document d. Ten years after Salton and Buckley's proposal    , the work of Zobel and Moffat 
Genetic Programming
 Genetic Programming GP    , an inductive learning technique introduced by Koza in 
COMBINED COMPONENT APPROACH
Our Combined Component Approach CCA is a GP-based approach for discovering good ranking formulas. These categories are:  REL/RETR-relevant documents retrieved above the cut- off  NON/RETR-non-relev8llt documents retrieved above the cutoff  REL/NON-relevant documents not retrieved above the 'cutoff 
What the results in 
The incrementing of document scores in this way is ba.sed on a probabilistic model of retrieval described in Croft's paper. The results show that query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the step-wise probing sequence. For example    , the mean number of nodes accessed in the top-down search of the complete link hierarchy for the INSPEC collection is 873 requiring only 20  ,952 bytes of core. The first independent model IND assumes that the relevance of a specific top-ranked passage si is independent of the relevance of any other passage in s. We use the logistic function to model the relevance of a passage. In this study    , we use raw term frequencies with MLE to estimate probabilities and do not use any smoothing techniques to fine tune the estimates. Where applicable    , both F-Measures pessimistic and re-weighted are reported. The relevance judgments are supplied in a format amenable to TREC evaluation . Nonetheless    , our findings present a compelling case for recognizing the deeply social nature of learning and the importance of social media for inspiring learning around new topics through social connections. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. Experimental Design and Results
We want to address the following questions: 1. After fitting this model    , we use the parameters associated with each article to estimate it's quality. The promising results we obtained during experimentations encourage us to propose and experiment new profiling techniques that take into account the number of transferred triples and compare with the current profiling technique. To combat this problem    , we propose a Last-to-First Allocating LFA strategy to efficiently estimate Mr    , leveraging the intrinsic interdependence between ranking and ranking-based marginal influence spread. On Persons 1    , the three curves are near -coincidental    , while in the case of ACM-DBLP    , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence    , two curves are coincidental. Module 3 Rule execution receives detected events from module 2 and executes the concerned rules taking into account the coupling modes    , cascading in the sense of execution cycles    , priorities between rules    , and the calculation of net effect. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This work was supported in part by 973 Program Grant No. Because the communicative context appears to mitigate the occurance of bias especially in the case of LIB   , Wikipedia vs. IMDb. The proposed measure takes into account the probability and similarity in a set of pictogram interpretation words    , and to enhance retrieval performance     , pictogram interpretations were categorized into five pictogram categories using the Concept Dictionary in EDR Electronic Dictionary. The first factor    , subject culture    , had two values: American and Chinese. INTRODUCTION AND DATASET
 Ranking is a major concern to information retrieval applications such as document ranking on search engines. For evaluation purposes    , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. As rather conventional data structures are provided to program these functions no " trick programming " is required and as dynamic storage allocation and de-allocation is done via dedicated allocation routines /KKLW87/    , this risk seems to be tolerable. In general    , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~    , 
 N~N6w K log k N~ 6' K  + N.zXlog 4     , e     , 4 
with respect to all parameters   ,I   ,    , ~    , r. The normalization ensures that each document gets the same weight irrespective of its length; 0 < c~ < 1 has to be specified a priori. HR0011-12-C-0015; NSF under awards IIS- 0916043 and IIS-1144034. This paper focuses on comparing the basic    , entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods in the case that the index data structure fits in main memory. Pairs chosen should have the following properties:  Spread of sites: If a certain population of sites are of interest    , a representative spread of sites should be included in the evaluation. Finally    , we assessed our random forest model Sec. As we can see in 
Query-Directed vs. Step-Wise Probing
This subsection presents the experimental results of the differences between the query-directed and step-wise probing sequences for the multi-probe LSH indexing method. We had hoped that with the CLIR track in its third year    , more groups would start to experiment with non-English query languages. There were a total of 106 bilingual aspects from 36 topics that met this requirement excluding the All Others categories. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. For example    , consider the following two queries: In general    , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. The evaluation results are given in 
Result II. We then refine this and predict which pinboard is used    , if the category chosen by the user is known. CONCLUSIONS
 In this paper    , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. We have shown very competitive results relative to the LETOR-provided baseline models. The result is that the probabilistic model has been important mainly for providing solid foundations for much of the information retrieval work rather than as a practical tool in experimental or operational situations. This basic unit of objective information    , the bit    , was more formally related to thermodynamics by Szilard. Our goal in the design of the PIA model and system was to allow a maximum freedom in the formulation and combination of predicates while still preserving a minimum semantic consensus necessary to build a meaningful user interface    , an eaecient query evaluator    , user proaele manager    , persistence manager etc.   , Quasi-Newton optimization method in this paper. For tagging with batch-mode    , it took three seconds for a photo collection of 200 photos 800*600 pixels . One possible solution is that in the presence of set intersection    , Transformation T 1 does not drop projection operators. Its time complexity mainly depends on l. We denote dmax to the largest number of paths end in an arbitrary node with length no more than l. The time required for scanning each node is Odmax log dmax    , including the time used for searching candidate nodes    , sorting candidate nodes by their ranks    , and allocating influence. The assumption is reasonable given the patterns of acknowledgments described in the introduction. Under the structure preservation criterion    , it is reasonable to minimize Eq.3    , since it will incur a heavy penalty if two similar examples are mapped far away. The noise in the content may create errors while doing document retrieval thus drastically reducing the precision of retrieval. We also studied query independent features on an Support Vector Machine classifier.  F 1 -measure: the weighted harmonic mean of precision and recall. We now study how the choice of these parameter values affects the prediction accuracy. Prec@ 
CONCLUSION
In the study    , we examine the CLIR approach that learns a statistical translation model from an automatically generated parallel corpus by an online translation system. Acknowledgements
Hundreds of people have been involved in making RaPiD7 as a working practice in Nokia. , projection    , duplicate elimination that have no influence on the emptiness of the query output. Experiments showed that methods with the LIB quantity were more effective in terms of within-cluster accuracy e.g. Image relevance was also considered to be a factor for this experiment. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels    , product classes    , properties    , value instances    , and top-level classes for each product ontology. A text document can be viewed as a set of terms with probabilities estimated by frequencies of occurrence. From specialized systems like Ushahidi for crisis mapping    , Foldit for protein folding and Duolingo for translation to general-purpose crowdsourcing platforms like Amazon Mechanical Turk and Crowdflower – these systems have shown the effectiveness of intelligently organizing large numbers of people. Our official submission    , however    , was based on the reduced document model in which text between certain tags was indexed. Interface Design
The interface we created to collect preference judgements had the following design. We also tried several other    , more complex models    , without achieving significantly better model fitting. We employ a deep learning engine to semantically label photos to explore the visual content of real-life photos. Typical tools include the Fast Fourier Transform FFT    , as well as the Discrete Wavelet Transform DWT 
Background material
In this section we give a very brief introduction to some necessary background material. The vector output at the final time-step    , encN     , is used to represent the entire tweet. Identification of Core Concepts
Studies on the identification of core concepts in digital resources have been carried out in different experimental setups    , involving varying degrees of human intervention. When WVF = 0    , after the initial placement is found no placement changes are ever needed. Several papers formalized position bias using probabilistic models    , such as the Cascade model This section describes how this has been achieved in the Advanced Information Management Prototype For the user    , the most obvious solution to the query: Find all properties such that the length of the boundary is larger than a certain value    , would be to define a function 'get-length' which computes the length of a boundary and then use this function in the following  These types need some explanations: Since PAS- CAL like many other programming languages does not support dynamic arrays    , " special solutions " have to be used to overcome the problems of representing variable long lists or sets. Given that our system is trained off this data    , we believe we can drastically improve the performance of our system by identifying the blog posts have been effectively tagged    , meaning that the tags associated with the post are likely to be considered relevant by other users. Our models produced state-of-the-art results on TREC 2007 Blog Distillation dataset. Out of these posts    , 1.9M posts are tagged with an average of 1.75 tags per post. Anil Dash    , a tech blogger and entrepreneur    , has written about his experiences being on the old version of the suggested users list 
Date 
Very shortly after being put on the old suggested user list on Oct. 2    , 2009    , Mr. A recent study of Twitter as a whole    , gathered by breadth-first search    , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 
Impact of the Suggested Users List
Given that the overall celebrity follow rate halved when Twitter switched to the categorical suggested users list    , it is clear that being on the suggested users list increases the acquisition of new followers substantially. This step is like dividing the problem of learning one single ranking model for all training queries into a set of sub-problems of learning the ranking model for each ranking-sensitive query topic. That is: 
LIBti    , d =    1 − n i N 1 − ln n i N ti ∈ d − n i N 1 − ln n i N ti ∈ d 14 
where ni is the document frequency of term ti and N is the total number of documents. More research however is required not only in identifying different types of search topics    , but also in defining more close what constitutes a simple and more complex topic and determining how the different elements should be taken into account in the experimental design. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple    , step-wise sequence. Abstract 
Current query languages for relational databases usually are fixed    , i.e. Besides    , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 
WMKLSH by Weighted Bit Allocation
 We first propose a Weighted Multi-Kernel Locality-Sensitive Hashing WMKLSH scheme by a supervised learning approach to determine the allocation of bit size    , where a kernel is assigned a larger size of bits if it better captures the similarity between data points. However    , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. Decoder
The decoder operates on the encoded representation with two layers of LSTMs. As a result    , the 2014 data includes far more sessions than previous years—1  ,257 unique sessions as compared to around 100 for each of the previous three years. -.064
DISCUSSION & CONCLUSION
Our experiment aimed primarily to devise a multidimensional definition of 'alignment.' The objectives of our experiments are to 1 evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed deep learning-to-respond schema    , and 2 evaluate contextual reformulation strategies and components of multidimension of ranking evidences for the conversational task. It was almost as if the default language of the interface was subconsciously suggesting to the user how they should undertake their information retrieval activities. We then performed the same experiment over different wh-types on 2 more datasets: Training set of QALD-5's Multilingual tract only english queries and OWLS-TC. We use simple heuristics to separate acronyms from non-acronym entity names. The log of the score of the answer likelihood was then added as a feature to the existing estimated relevance function embedded in PowerAnswer answer procesing 
Experimental Observations
For each of the three question class formation methods described above    , Lymba ran a set of experiments on previous TREC test sets in order to determine which set of question classes performed the best. The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. Overview of CLIR
There are three main ways in which cross-language information retrieval approaches attempt to "cross the language barrier" – through query translation    , or document translation    , or both. Likelihood Function
To compute the signal parameter vector w    , we need a likelihood function integrating signals and w. As discussed in §2    , installed apps may reflect users' interests or preferences. As discussed    , the LIB quantity is similar in spirit to IDF inverse document frequency whereas LIF can be seen as a means to normalize TF term frequency. We present experimental results on large-scale datasets using four different setups: 1. the INEX benchmark 
 Our experiments demonstrate both the system's efficiency and its expressiveness and search result quality. Group G exp low : this experimental group receives highquality query suggestions in the training phase which were predicted to be ine↵ective in the user perceptions study Section 4.2. Model Formulation
 Based on the assumptions defined above    , in this section we propose a Two-Dimensional Click Model TDCM to explain the observed clicks. This section provides a brief overview of LSH functions    , the basic LSH indexing method and a recently proposed entropy-based LSH indexing method. Our second model RBM takes a step further and exploit the correlations among individual passages in a Restricted Boltzmann Machine framework. She loads the OWL file in OntoPartS    , and proceeds to select two entities to be related    , as shown in 
Preliminary Experimental Assessment of OntoPartS
The main objectives of the experiments are to assess usability of the tool and to validate the hypothesis that the use of automated guidelines assists with representation of part-whole relations between classes during the ontology design phase such that it can be done more efficiently and with less errors. In most experiments    , the proposed methods    , especially LIB*LIF fusion     , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. Further more    , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. We can do model selection and combination—technical details are in Appendix C. This can be performed using only data gathered online and time complexity is independent of the stream size. Using S-PLSA as a means of " summarizing " sentiment information from blogs    , we develop ARSA    , a model for predicting sales performance based on the sentiment information and the product's past sales performance. Suggestion Method Precision Recall 
Discussion
Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. For a value of a property    , the likelihood probability is calculated as P 'value | pref erred based on the frequency count table of that column. Recently    , max pooling has been generalized to kmax pooling 
Softmax
The output of the penultimate convolutional and pooling layers x is passed to a fully connected softmax layer. In early years    , researchers have investigated into task-oriented conversation systems 
RELATED WORK
Conversation Systems
Early work on conversation systems is generally based on rules or templates and is designed for specific domains 
 Unlike previous work    , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. Given the limitation of automatic translation systems    , our plan is to include bilingual dictionaries to improve the quality of the automatically generated parallel corpus. Four pictogram retrieval approaches 
were evaluated: 1 baseline approach which returns pictograms containing the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 2 semantic relevance approach which calculates semantic relevance value using not-categorized interpretations ; 3 semantic relevance approach which calculates semantic relevance values using categorized interpretations; and 4 semantic relevance approach which calculates semantic relevance values using categorized and weighted interpretations . We have a concept occurrence    , also called a " semantic hit "     , when a paragraph contains an inflection of a question's concept or an entity with the same semantic category of the Question Focus Each occurrences is weighted according to the associated semantic slot and all weights are added up to obtain a score for each paragraph. These three input parameters have already been introduced before. Moreover    , IMRank always works well with simple heuristic rankings    , such as degree    , strength. As of now we do not perform any person specific disambiguation however one could treat acknowledged persons as coauthors and use random forest based author disambiguation 
Searching and Ranking
AckSeer provides a search interface to access millions of acknowledged entities that were extracted from more than 500  ,000 papers and books. We assume independence between lemmas . Factor Representation: An Example
In order to visualize the factor solution found by PLSA we present an elucidating example. The training of CCL is performed simultaneously by minimizing the distance between query and image mappings in the latent subspace weighted by their clicks    , and preserving the structure relationships between the training examples in the original feature space. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces    , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. . Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input    , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. Participants were free to experiment with different topic fields using either the title    , description or narrative – or all three    , and with both automatic and manual runs    , similar to the definitions of the TREC adhoc task. Data augmentation    , in our context    , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. Cosine Similarity
Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. We present a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model for modeling and understanding context. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index    , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. Automatic evaluation of tag suggestion engines is also critical to building effective systems. , yN  ∈ R K×N 
1 
where W and B need to be optimized in the subsequent transfer deep learning procedures. Are ties effective for enhancing the performance of the ranking functions  ? This can be perceived from results already. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. To accomplish this    , we extract various features from a user's geotagged photos posted online. Selection-Centric Context Semantic Model
One potential problem to apply this context language model to score each reference document is that a document is very short see the snippet in 
Vs    , c = w∈c pw|s    , c · Vw 4 
Although using ESA for semantic matching is not entirely novel    , we are the first to leverage the term proximity evidence when computing the ESA vector. Third    , as we move from a university to a national level    , our data warehousing solution may not scale when different annotation    , experimental and clinical data is gathered at multiple institutions. Ridge    , lasso    , or elastic net regularization has been used in previous methods. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. Even though NLP components are still being improved by emerging techniques like deep learning    , the quality of existing components is sufficient to work on the semantic level – one level of abstraction up from surface text. Assuming an industrial setting    , long-term attention models that include the searcher's general interest in addition to the current session context can be expected to become powerful tools for a wide number of inference tasks. This type of dependence covers phrases    , term proximity    , and term co-occurrence 
SIGIR 2007 Proceedings Session 13: Formal Models 
after query expansion. Multimodality is the capability of fusing and presenting heterogeneous data    , such as audio    , video and text    , from multiple information sources    , such as the Internet and TV. 2. It is believed that there is no further sophistication to this representation    , but within the confines of the investigation    , it was not possible to determine this for certain~. For the entropybased LSH method    , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. Discipline means 'a method of teaching'. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. SIGIR 
CNN-LSTM ENCODER-DECODER
In this section    , we describe the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model that operates at the character level and generates vector representation of tweets. If we randomly pick a document from the collection    , the chance that a term ti appears in the document can be estimated by the ratio between the number of documents containing the term ni i.e. This means in practice that a person uses approximately a day to finalize the work. The random forest classifier appears in the first rank. In the following    , two approaches    , namely JAD and Agile modeling    , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. A supervised classifier based on random forest over variable length texts    , using word-clusters for input text representation. In the results    , unless otherwise specified    , the default values are W = 0.7    , M = 16 for the image dataset and W = 24.0    , M = 11 for the audio dataset. For example    , in 
Modeling Subtleties. The constant Zn is chosen so that the perfect ranking gives an NDCG value of 1. 2 summarizes related works. In addition    , given that we allow users to freely enter additional tags    , we can use that information to improve TagAssist. EXPERIMENTS
We carried out experiments using the benchmark Learning to Rank LETOR OHSUMED data set 
Parameter choices
There are several design choices which are common to both the GP-Rank and FITC-Rank model    , including the number of prototypes per label value    , the type of kernel function     , how prototypes are initialised    , and how kernel hyperparameters are initialised. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. 
Dα = {γ1    , γ2} = {π1    , π2    , π3    , π4    , π5    , π6}    , 
with α > 0.2. The first example is an on-line application; the second is run off-line to produce stored data. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications    , e.g. 9 
The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. The larger the LIB    , the more information the term contributes to the document and should be weighted more heavily in the document representation . We can estimate Px from the collection as: ~fxd d for all z n-grams X ~" 
Under ~h~ fame assumptions as above    , the variance of S is: 
axPx2+Nd 3 VARSd  ,e=NdNeE + Ne-2 E a P X X X X Nd+Ne-l  E x y~x axayPx2py2 4 Nd+Ne-l  E a P X X X 
With a multlnomial model of text and given n-gram probabilities    , 
one can thus 
predict the expected value and the variance of a similarity measure computed for a random pair of text items. Related Models
The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. However    , a personalized random walk is a centrality rank- ing 
the Input
BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W    , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking    , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. ω k denotes the combination parameters for each term with emotion e k     , and can be estimated by maximizing log-likelihood function with L2 i.e. Section 3 provides details on our interface design and experimental setup. Semantic Accuracy: We observed an SP of 91.92 % for the OWL-S TC query dataset. For the QALD experiments described later    , we annotated the query using DBpedia Spotlight 
SPARQL Generation: This component creates 
the final SPARQL query using information provided by above two steps. Instructors select materials useful for promoting learning while students use them to learn. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN AND RESULT
 Since this paper focuses on the recommendation in ecommerce sites    , we collect a dataset from a typical e-commerce website    , shop.com    , for our experiments. We developed a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model to measure user interest.   , the numberof times w occurred in d. I t i s w orth noticing that an equivalent symmetric version of the model can be obtained by i n verting the conditional probability P zjd with the help of Alternating 5 with 68 deenes a convergent procedure that approaches a local maximum of the logglikelihood in 3.   , museums    , landmarks    , and galleries.   , for language modeling 44 and collaborative ltering 55. To remain focused    , we use a single representative for each family of approaches: Random Forest 3-step for classification and Random Forests for ranking. INTRODUCTION
Stemming is one of many tools used in information retrieval to combat the vocabulary mismatch problem    , in which query words do not match document words. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function    , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. It is evident that natural language texts are highly noisy and redundant as training data for statistical classification    , and that applying a complete mathematical model to such noisy and redundant data often results in over-fitting and wasteful computation in LLSF. The last LSTM decoder generates each character    , C    , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128    , ht−1    , for the next time-step prediction. Finally    , the time complexity of IMRank is OnT dmax log dmax    , where T is the number of iterations IMRank takes before convergence. A.   , http://searchmsn n.com/results.aspx  ?q=machine+learning&form=QBHP. Leading into TREC 2007 it was empirically determined that the models based on grouping questions by answer types was most effective     , and so was the configuration used for the TREC 2007 test set. MKLSH 
Experimental Results
We now present the performance evaluation results on the data sets. Because linguistic biases are mitigated by the communicative context    , we might expect collaborative biographies created in a more anonymous communication environment     , such as IMDb    , to suffer less from linguistic bias    , where the social identity of the biography's subject is the primary trigger for LIB and LEB. Results
A total of twelve groups from six different countries submitted results for the TREC-8 CLIR track see 
Participant 
Merging remained an important issue for most participants. This would require extending the described techniques    , and creating new QA benchmarks. Introduction
Images are semantic instruments for capturing aspects of the real world    , and form a vital part of the scientific record for which words are no substitute. We are interested in answering the question about the space requirements    , search time and search quality trade-offs for different LSH methods. To avoid underflow and multiplication by zero    , we employ log-likelihood instead of likelihood: 
LogLikelihoodeScw|D f w  = w∈Scw ln P w|D f w  
 To reward similar words in at least one model of sentence likelihood as before    , we use a second    , more relaxed model of the loglikelihood of D generating S as a high-coreness sentence as follows: 
LogLikelihoodrScw|D f w  = w 1 ∈Scw ln max w 2 ∈D f w relw1    , w2 · P w2|D f w  
This second model introduces the lexical relw1    , w2 function into the formula in order to value words that are not present in the domain standards but are similar or related to words that are present.   , n    , IMRank eventually converges to a self-consistent ranking within a finite number of iterations    , starting from any initial ranking. On the news recommendation front    , we report the results of a study involving 176 users; our tree-based classifier required few training examples and significantly outperformed a state-of-the-art classifier the support vector machine in terms of both speed and accuracy applied to either traditional or tree-structured features. The same AROW parameters of the baseline model were used. TREC Text REtrieval Conference 
EVALUATING OBJECT RETRIEVAL
 The broad class of search technologies that exploit semantic data encodings are often called semantic search systems 
Ad-Hoc Object Retrieval
Arriving at a common evaluation methodology requires the definition of a shared task that is accepted by the community as the one that is most relevant to potential applications of the field. Its design has been influenced by our earlier work on the XXL language for XML IR 
The SphereSearch Engine is fully implemented in Java using Oracle10g as an underlying data manager . In this paper 1 we present a coordination middleware for the Semantic Web and demonstrate its relevance to these vital issues for Semantic Web applications. Different from the traditional PLSA 
RELATED WORK
Sentiment Mining
Most existing work on sentiment mining sometimes also under the umbrella of opinion mining focuses on determining the semantic orientations of documents. Semantic Relatedness
The first evaluation is based on the SemEval 2015-Task 1: Paraphrase and Semantic Similarity in Twitter 
Sentiment Classification
The second evaluation is based on the SemEval 2015-Task 10B: Twitter Message Polarity Classification 
CONCLUSION AND FUTURE WORK
In this paper    , we presented Tweet2Vec    , a novel method for generating general-purpose vector representation of tweets    , using a character-level CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder architecture . Our experiments after the evaluation show there is a value using semantic information in detecting similarity and dissimilarity. The community at large should come together and build systems that conform to standards which will support common data interchange formats    , dynamic    , programmatic access to local and remote data sources    , and common application programming interfaces. The experiment primarily explored how improved levels of inter-rater reliability can be achieved and was intended to generate a set of 'correctly' aligned documents a gold standard set for testing and improving lesson plan retrieval. A guiding principle for us was that relevance of a topic should not be just based on individual terms or keywords    , such as genes or diseases    , but rather it should take into account the subject of the whole document. Each element function fcw is a negative log-likelihood function with the 2 norm for composition c    , which is a single element of set C. 
Optimization
There are a few issues with optimizing the composite objectives in 3.6. After that    , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. The NDCG results from the user dependent rating imputation method are shown in 
shows the learned variances together with the number of ratings for each movie. Therefore    , the probability that emotion e k will be assigned to the i th comment can be estimated as below    , 
P e k |ci    , ui = expα k + N E l=1 β lk c il + N E l=1 γ lk u il  N E r=1 expαr + N E l=1 β lr c il + N E l=1 γ lr u il  
where α    , β and γ denote the combination parameters for bias    , the source of comments content and the source of emotion tags of news articles respectively. This is desirable for those applications where users care more about hot spots in the data set. The accurate celebrity subgraph has a total of 835    , 117    , 954    , or about 835 million    , directed edges in it which is actually a non-negligible fraction of edges in Twitter's social graph. In addition    , once elaborate and precise ontologies have been created they often lack users to maintain them over time. As shown in 
CONCLUSIONS
 This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. Most students have some experience in using the UML and object oriented programming through university courses and industrial internships. To represent a specific node in S    , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase    , and average the corresponding vectors 
EMPIRICAL EVALUATION
This section presents an evaluation to verify our proposal    , compared with the baseline model 
Setup
Training Label Set Y0. Once the relevant pictograms are selected    , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. The two are related quantities with different focuses. The basic LSH indexing method works as follows 
By concatenating multiple LSH functions    , the collision probability of far away objects becomes very small p M 2     , but it also reduces the collision probability of nearby objects p M 1 . The experimental design of the track was similar to that of the previous three years 
For the 2014 track    , sessions were obtained from workers on Amazon's Mechanical Turk. The high efficiency ensures an immediate response    , and thus the transfer deep learning approach with two modes can be adopted as a prototype model for real-time mobile applications    , such as photo tagging and event summarization on mobile devices. This list is used by the predictor to perform a breadth first search of the possible concepts representing the input text. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. Note    , partial bindings    , which come from the same input    , have the same set of unevaluated triple patterns. Their power of reasoning depends on the expressivity of such representation: an ontology provided with complex TBox axioms can act as a valuable support for the representation and the evaluation of a deep knowledge about the domain it represents.   , QDrop-Out = {q0    , q0 
DEEP LEARNING TO RESPOND
 In this section    , we describe the deep model for query-reply ranking and merging. Since SGML provides a document exchange model rather than a general purpose data model 
Basic SGML Constructs
 Standard Generalized Mark-up Language SGML is an international stan- dard 
line 15 indicates that the corresponding elements actor line 7 and place line 14 have no content    , when these attributes have values. Goals 
The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory JHU/APL is a second-time entrant in the TREC Category A evaluation. They did not diversify the ranking of blog posts. Professionals
 In total 48 professionals from 18 companies in 10 countries participated in the experiment by completing the online questionnaire 
Preparation
 Prior to the experiment we conducted a pilot run to evaluate the experimental design and the experiment materials. TOPIC RELATED OPINION RETRIEVAL
Blog post opinion retrieval aims at developing an effective retrieval function that ranks blog posts according to the likelihood that they are expressing an opinion about a particular topic. Studies may range from experimental evaluations testing particular system features to large-scale surveys on users and usage patterns. Note that search engine operations such as stemming and case-folding may preclude highlighting by re-scanning the retrieved documents for the search terms. Note that while reputation is a function of past activities of an identity    , trustworthiness is a prediction for the future. The physician is interested in the immediate finding of articles where relevance is defined by the semantic similarity to some kind of prototype abstract delivered by the specialist. Additional experiments have to point out which reason or reasons actually explain the experimental results the best. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. gjeu denotes the jth feature for the uth entity and ruv denotes the relevance judgment for the pair eu    , dv. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods    , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. Our method can not only discover topic milestone papers discussed in previous work    , but also explore venue milestone papers and author milestone papers. Our results focus on measuring the performance of a single endpoint or service. Intmduction
We consider the following dependency inference problem: 
Given a relation r    , fii a set of functional dependencies that logically determines all the functional dependencies holding in r. 
The problem area of lnferrlng general rules from instances of data has become popularly lcno%i as muchine learning MCM83    , MCM861 or knowfedpe acouisifion. Conclusion
This year we approached TREC Genomics using a cross language IR CLIR techniques. Without the efforts of these users we would not have such good results nor would we have RaPiD7 as an institutionalized way of working. All the classifiers are implemented with random forest classification model    , which was reported as the best classification model in CCR. The method: RaPiD7
An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents    , 7 steps. Similar to the click modeling for document retrieval    , this sumption explains why top ranked queries receive more clicks even though they are not necessarily relevant to the given prefix. To the former we owe the concept of a relevance model: a language model representative of a class of relevant documents. Moreover    , in U    , no variable is needed for the second parameter which remains constant under recursion. To compare the two approaches in detail    , we are interested in answering two questions. We vary the profile size to 5    , 10 and 30. σ· = 1 1+e −· is a known as a sigmoid/logistic function. Here a candidate path is a path from vs or vt to an intermediate vertex that follows the appropriate pattern. In this section we describe our tracking system and the experimental data set. Then the fitting problem is solved with a dynamic programming procedure    , which finds the segmentation such that rankings inside all bins are predicted most accurately. Section 2 describes related work. The term discrimination model has been criticised because it does not exhibit well substantiated theoretical properties. For all models we found that 100 steps of gradient descent was enough to reach convergence. These properties make it an interesting case for our study. TEXT REPRESENTATION FOR TEXT CATEGORIZATION SUBTASKS
The track provided the full text of the journal articles in both SGML and XML form. from a journal a real world example for a database containing medical document abstracts is given by the Journal of Clinical Oncology 1 . Given the synthesized schemas    , we created a database for each alternative . For the time being    , we execute both user defined functions and normal DBMS code within the same address space. We conjecture that the larger amount least information is needed to explain a term's probability in a document vs. in the collection    , the more heavily the term should be weighted to represent the document 
LI Binary LIB Model
 In the binary model    , a term either occurs or does not occur in a document. The MG system only recognizes place names if the probability given by the Random Forest classifier for the class " match " is higher than a minimum threshold the minimum confidence level. One is the time-dependent content similarity measure between queries using the cosine kernel function; another is the likelihood for two queries to be grouped in a same cluster from the click-through data given the timestamp. Because the denominator holds the maximum entropy and normalized entropy is subtracted from 1    , F falls in the range 
Sσ i     , σ j  = σ i · σ j σ i σ j 2 
 Because facts cannot have negative frequencies    , similarities are in the range 
Styles    , Institutions and Reproduction 
 Cultural Reproduction: Styles are mechanisms of reproduction of focus. Hence a mechanism should be provided to make the DBMS itself extensible by user defined functions such that they become part of the DBMS's query language. Estimating £ ¤ § © in a typical retrieval environment is difficult because we have no training data: we are given a query    , a large collection of documents and no indication of which documents might be relevant. In Sect. It is therefore common practice in information retrieval and multimedia databases to use numeric scores in the interval ë0  ,1ë to model user interests ë6    , 5    , 7ë. In a benchmarking experiment    , we identify δ by specifying a schedule of delivery of requests to hosts    , along with hosts' assignments to conditions. h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h APPROACH QUERY DOCTOR BOOK CRY PLAYGROUND BEDTIME 
Conclusion
 Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design    , and they do not have single    , clear semantics. From the definition of time-dependent marginalized kernel     , we can observe that the semantic similarity between two queries given the timestamp t is determined by two factors . The user interface is then established by performing experimental evaluations. Similar observation is found in the study of meta search whose goal is to combine the retrieval results of multiple search engines to create a better ranking list 
 To address the above problems    , we encode the order information generated by the base ranking function G with matrix W ∈ 
1 
In the above    , Wi  ,j is defined by a softmax function and the parameter λ ≥ 0 represents the confidence of the base ranking function. On Restaurants    , for example    , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. Our techniques highlight the importance of low-level computer vision features and demonstrate the power of certain semantic features extracted using deep learning. With the acquired translation pairs    , we can now learn translation probabilities between Chinese words and English words. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. For the multi-probe LSH method    , we have implemented both step-wise probing and query-directed probing. Related Work
There is a growing interest in the development of text applications using DBMS technology. CONCLUSIONS AND FUTURE WORK
We have described the design and implementation of HearSay    , an audio Web browser system. Our initial examination revealed that the allocated users IDs are very evenly distributed across the ID space. 100 for more details on the geometry of statistical models. As in the Main Study    , participants n=57    , 19 participants in each condition were recruited via CrowdFlower. The changes in daily gross revenues are depicted in 
Discussion
It is interesting to observe from 
S-PLSA: A PROBABILISTIC APPROACH TO SENTIMENT MINING
In this section    , we propose a probabilistic approach to analyzing sentiments in the blogs    , which will serve as the basis for predicting sales performance. Document Scoring
We want our event scoring function to take into account the page's likelihood of discussing an event    , therefore we include a document-level score αD. – We evaluate our approach by extending LDF client with CyCLaDEs. Yet another complicating dimension    , which is nevertheless critical to scale large testing systems    , is distributed benchmarking across multiple hosts. *; : Surrogate s = new Surrogate  url ; s.save; 
The application produces a repository of surrogates    , which represents    , and adds value to    , the D-Lib on-line journal. The setup environment is composed of an LDF server    , a reverse proxy and different number of clients. While English was also the most popular choice for TREC-7    , the percentage of runs that used non-English topics was substantially higher 7 out of 17. But these tools were not consistent in terms of software design    , implementation language or user interface. A recent study of Twitter as a whole    , gathered by breadth-first search    , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 
Impact of the Suggested Users List
Given that the overall celebrity follow rate halved when Twitter switched to the categorical suggested users list    , it is clear that being on the suggested users list increases the acquisition of new followers substantially. A deeper investigation confirms our intuition that defective entities have significantly stronger connections with other defective entities than with clean entities. However    , the experimental design also created a context for studying and comparing the behavior and judgment of users as they themselves search for aligned documents vs.how they act when evaluating the alignment of document/standard pairs suggested by others. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large    , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. , in 
RETRIEVAL MODEL
In this section we derive our ranking mechanism. the two baselines    , when using a random forest as the base classifier. Section 3 reports the experimental results of several well-known ontology systems on the UOBM and provides detailed discussions. Experimental Setup
We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. Our approach requires each owner i to associate a value vig to preference g proportional to how important this preference is for him. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space    , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. The users can highlight any text from the search snippets or whole document and add it to the notebook by a single button click. The Clarke-Tax approach ensures that users have no incentive to lie about their true intentions. We used Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 
Impact of the Number of the Clients on the Behavioral Cache. Any distribution can be used to model p ˜ ∆ i |Θ; common examples used for response times include the exponential 
log p{∆ i }|{τ i }    , Θ = N i=1 log q∆ i |τ i     , Θ 3 
 Using the form of q∆ i |τ i     , Θ and the transformation using˜∆ing˜ ing˜∆ i defined by Equations 1 and 2 respectively    , the loglikelihood is equal to 
N i=1 log p ˜ ∆ i |Θ + N i=1 log aτ i + ∆ i  4 
 where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }    , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. Despite the reasonable average percentual increase    , most of the differences are not significant. The general scheme for this transformation for procedures without parameters and results ig see DIJKSTRA 
$ 
The iterative normal form thus consists of three parts: initialization    , repetition    , result indication. Furthermore    , I would like to thank the pilot users and teams in Nokia    , especially I would like to thank Stephan Irrgang    , Roland Meyer    , Thomas Wirtz    , Juha Yli-Olli and Miia Forssell. , http://searchmsn n.com/results.aspx  ?q=machine+learning&form=QBHP. Dijkstra 1969 EWD-249    , derived in a systematic way. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH. The resulting relevance model significantly outperforms all existing click models. Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . In cooperation with BookCrossing     , we mailed all eligible users via the community mailing system    , asking them to participate in our online study. We prove that IMRank    , starting from any initial ranking     , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps.   , ridge regularization. We introduce a typical use case in which an intelligent traffic management system must support coordinated access to a knowledge base for a large number of agents. In the initial time-step    , the end-to-end output from the encoding procedure is used as the original input into first LSTM layer. This model is then converted into a vector representation as mentioned above. System design
 Our Interactive Tracking system uses the vector-space approach where each document is represented by a vector of term weights V . Simply put    , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. 7 we evaluate our initial implementation on the QALD-4 benchmark and conclude in Sect. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. Single dimension with no hierarchies
 In this case the subcube C b consists of a onedimensional array of T real-values. Hence we restrict our attention to perturbation vectors ∆ with δi ∈ {−1    , 0    , 1}. These synonyms are obtained from WordNet 
CrossEntp    , q = − px logqx 9 
where p is the true distribution one-hot vector representing characters in the tweet and q is the output of the softmax. We measure mainly the hit-ratio; the fraction of queries answered by the decentralized cache. Previous studies of linguistic bias have involved manually annotating textual descriptions of people by LCM categories 
We measure the above properties in various ways    , and using appropriate statistical models    , compare their use in IMDb biographies across actor race and gender. The topics are categorised into a number of different categories    , including: easy/hard topic " difficulty "     , semantic/visual topic " visuality "     , and geographic/general 
Procedure
The study was implemented online    , and was distributed to staff and students at the University of Sheffield    , UK as well as via social media. Moreover    , it is worth noticing that    , since the search strategy and the application context are independent from each other    , it is possible to easily re-use and experiment strategies developed in other disciplines    , e.g. Volcano uses a non-interleaved strategy with a transformation-based enumerator. F itness2 = RI * 10 − W I * 2 
EXPERIMENTS
In this section    , we present the results of the experiments we have performed to evaluate our proposed GP-based approach to deduplication. We then present four simple experimental designs that cover a range of benchmarking setups    , including " live " benchmarks and carefully controlled experiments    , and derive their standard errors. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. However    , our spectral classifier may be more suitable for projects with heavily imbalanced  i.e. Furthermore. We wanted to see if a the fourth approach    , the categorized and weighted approach    , performed better than the rest; b the semantic relevance approach in general was better than the simple query match approach; c the categorized approach in general was better than the not-categorized approach. They were free to choose the topic language    , and then had to find relevant documents in the pool regardless of the languages in which the texts were formulated. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function    , 
Lω    , α= M u=1 N v=1 log Nz z=1  1 Ze u exp j=1 αzjgjeu δruv K i=1 ωzifieu    , dv 
7 
where M is the number of the entities and N is the number of the documents in training set. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. One key question is how to determine the weights for kernel combination. 6 
The TDCM assumption 1 SKIPPING BIAS ASSUMPTION is modeled by 3 and 6. However the Q matrix is reduced by one row and one column in every iteration     , otherwise is unchanged. This dataset contains the purchase history from 2004-01-01 to 2009-03-08. Evaluation Datasets
We have used two datasets in our evaluation. The paper is organized as follows: Section 2 discusses possible alternatives for adding types and functions to a DBMS by concentrating on the alternatives: static types versus dynamic types. We wrap up with related work and conclusions. , 71 does not depend on X. l 
When X entirely differentiates fault-prone software parts    , then the curve approximates a step function. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. The many-to-many translation relations for biological and its paraphrased or synonymous words between English and Chinese are depicted in 
OUR APPROACH: OVERVIEW
Our approach of using translation representation for a monolingual retrieval task is summarized in 
CONSTRUCTION OF TRANSLATION REPRESENTATION
Expected Frequency of an Auxiliary Word
In this paper    , source language refers to the language of a given document collection    , and auxiliary language refers to an additional language used as the translation representation . The instance gets projected as a point in this multi-dimensional space. , precision and purity. We contrast our prediction technique that leverages social cues and image content features with simpler methods that leverage color spaces    , intensity    , and simple contextual metrics. Thus we argue that the DICT model gives a reasonable baseline. Our experimental results in both scenarios on four datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approaches. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. For each blog entry b    , the sentiments towards a movie are summarized using a vector of the posterior probabilities of the hidden sentiment factors    , P z|b. The measurements were taken at five levels of minimum confidence    , and they are shown in 
We consider the results to be a positive indication that the predictive model is not over fitting the training data. Each of these macro parts can be changed independently. 2 Hierarchical tree structure in an overall graph structure: ideal for representing content models. it is possible in the probabilistic environment to take into account at least some of the dependencies and relationships between the terms used to iden- tify the queries and the stored records. These parameters can be determined by maximizing the log-likelihood function i.e. Here    , we propose a semantic relevance measure which outputs relevancy values of each pictogram when a pictogram interpretation is given. University faculty lists form the seeds for such a crawl. As shown in 
New York Times Collection
 With the NY Times corpus    , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity    , rand index    , and precision Table 5. Section 4 defines CyCLaDEs model. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. CyCLaDEs source code is available at: https://github.com/pfolz/cyclades 3 . 6 and 7 only makes sense if there are users associated with each edge in our dataset    , which is not true of the four graph types we have presented so far. Gini importance is calculated based on Gini Index or Gini Impurity    , which is the measure of class distribution within a node. Central to this strategy was the development of a superior professional workstation    , subsequently named Star    , that was to provide a major step forward in several different domains of office automation. We also found that adding implicit state information that is predicted by our classifier increases the possibility to find state-level geolocation unambiguously by up to 80%. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features    , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. Research in 978-1-4799-5569-5/14/$31.00 c 2014 IEEE. NQS was able to correctly fit 919 out of the 1083 OWLS-TC queries along with all their syntactic variation    , giving high VP of 96.43 %. Experimental Conditions
 We refined our basic survey idea into a 2 x 4 betweensubjects design. Modeling Visual Evolution
 The above model is good at capturing/uncovering visual dimensions as well as the extent to which users are attracted to each of them. We observe that even when there is no change in the entropy    , there is still an amount of information responsible for any variance in the probability distribution. nodes with no connections increases.   , ridge regularization method. Datasets: We focus on the Gov2 dataset that has 25 million documents and 150 queries 
x i −minx i  maxx i −minx i  
where minxi and maxxj are the minimum and maximum values respectively of xi for all documents in the same query. INTRODUCTION
In recent years    , Weblogs or blogs in short have become a popular type of media on the Web. If the structure exceeds w entries    , then CyCLaDEs removes the entry with the oldest timestamp. , πn is the value of the g minus the tax numeraire    , given by: uic = vig − πi. Hence we propose three fusion methods to combine the two quantities by addition and multiplication: 1. The Combined Model
 The CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model draws on the intuition that the sequence of features e.g. The latter problem is trivial    , as users tend to have very few pinboards per category 
Category prediction
We design a multi-class Random Forest classifier 7 to learn which category a user will repin a given image into. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals    , regardless of other individuals choices. Following the likelihood principle    , one determines P d    , P zjd    , and P wjz b y maximization of the logglikelihood function 
L = X d2D X w2W nd; w log P d; w ; 3 
where nd; w denotes the term frequency    , i.e. Introduction
Following Linked Data principles    , data providers made billions of triples available on the web 
– We present CyCLaDEs an approach to build a behavioral decentralized cache on client-side. The weights tried were: w = 1 no upweighting    , w = 5    , and w = 6. The latter three variables were based on the topic classifications defined in the ImageCLEF 2007 
Data and Topics
The ImageCLEF 2007 collection is a set of 20  ,000 images    , 60 search topics    , and associated relevance judgments. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
 Amazon Mechanical Turk MTurk is an online labor market in which requesters can post small jobs    , referred to as human intelligence tasks or HITs    , along with specified payments for completing each HIT. If this assertion is true    , than one can use a much less dense matrix instead of the full X to achieve the same goal    , and significantly reduce the mapping time because the computation in d x X is proportional to the number of non-zero elements in matrix X and vector d 
Conclusions
 To conclude the study in this paper    , noise and redundancy reduction is proposed and evaluated in the LLSF approach to documentto-categones mapping    , at the levels of words    , word combinations    , and word-category associations. There are many different ways in which the data could be partitioned     , but an individual document must be present in only one media. Sensitivity Results
 By probing multiple hash buckets per table    , the multiprobe LSH method can greatly reduce the number of hash tables while finding desired similar objects. Arguably    , this serves as a reasonable ground truth as references from these papers were deemed relevant to the paper by the expert authors who chose to cite them. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects    , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. We found that the notion of 'alignment' used by the teachers was both qualitatively and quantitatively different when they were searching for aligned curriculum themselves vs. judging alignment suggestions identified by others. This click model is consisted of a horizontal model H Model that explains the skipping behavior    , a vertical model D Model that depicts the vertical examination behavior    , and a relevance model R Model that measures the intrinsic relevance between the prefix and a suggested query. The default probing method for multi-probe LSH is querydirected probing. Image Tagging
 A large body of work on image tagging proceeds along two dimensions     , i.e. This procedure resembles the one used in 
Fitting the Model Parameters Θ
This step fixes the epoch segmentation Λ and adopts stochastic gradient ascent to optimize the regularized log-likelihood in Eq. However    , the experimental design allows us to also explore differences between alignment assessment and behavior. Hence    , in certain cases    , the coverage detection capability of our method is more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method. The default language of the interface was alternated between Māori and English in 2005. We manually looked through a couple of hundreds of these examples and grouped the problems into several clusters 
RELATED WORK
One well known annual benchmark in knowledge base question answering is Question Answering over Linked Data QALD    , started in 2011 
CONCLUSIONS AND FUTURE WORK
Our work showed that unstructured text resources can be effectively utilized for knowledge base question answering to improve query understanding    , candidate answer generation and ranking. EMPIRICAL EVALUATION
In this section we conduct a set of empirical studies to extensively evaluate the performance of our time-dependent query semantic similarity model. Next    , we presented techniques for extracting researcher names and research interests from their homepages. The AgileViews framework 
Tasks 
Different tasks require different kinds of search strategies    , systems    , and UIs 
METHOD 
 There are tradeoffs between pure experimental betweensubjects  and repeated measure within-subject user studies. Our method presupposes a set of pictograms having a list of interpretation words and ratios for each pictogram. Also    , PM Fj denotes the prior probability of field Fj mapped into any query term before observing collection statistics. We h a ve performed Figure 2: Folding in a query conisting of the terms aid"    , food"    , medical"    , people"    , UN"    , and war": evolution of posterior probabilities and the mixing proportions P zjq rightmost column in each bar plot for the four factors depicted in 
Folding-In Queries
 Folding-in refers to the problem of computing a representation for a document or query that was not contained in the original training collection. Additionally    , there is the WebSeer retrieval system by 
Experimental design 
In order to evaluate the effectiveness of an IR system based on tbe Dunlop model    , a test collection was created. 9 
 By selecting the mean squared error MSE as loss    , the loss function can be expressed as: 
min B  ,Θ ||B fWX − Y|| 2 + λ1 2 K k=1 ||β k − θ parentk || 2 + λ2 2 ||Θ|| 2 . Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method    , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. EVALUATION
We trained a support vector machine classifier with an RBF kernel implemented in the WEKA machine learning workbench 
Metrics
We used four standard classification metrics to evaluate system performance. We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. On the other hand    , a more standard assumption in economic theory is the ET game; in the ET game    , if there are ties the revenue is shared equally. Differences are related to the goals of the methods and the scope of using the methods in software development projects. 7 
for an empirically determined threshold τS which governs how similar a term a must be to m to be considered a viable translation for m. 
Combining Evidence
 The previous two subsections introduced sources of evidence that might help cross-temporal IR. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 
Evaluation Benchmarks
For each dataset    , we created an evaluation benchmark by randomly picking 100 objects as the query objects    , and for each query object    , the ground truth i.e. First    , with similar query times    , the query-directed probing sequence requires significantly fewer hash tables than the step-wise probing sequence.